amended in accordance with subsections (10) and (11). (10) In subsection (1), for the words from Òrelated to football matchesÓ to the end of the subsection substitute ÒÑ (a) related to football matches, (b) related to a particular football match or to particular football matches, (c) related to a football organisation, or (d) related to a person whom the defendant knew or believed to have a prescribed connection with a football organisation, as the case may be.Ó (11) In subsection (5), for the words from Òrelated to football matchesÓ to the end of the subsection substitute ÒÑ (a) related to football matches, (b) related to one or more particular football matches, (c) related to a football organisation, or (d) related to a person whom the defendant knew or believed to have a prescribed connection with a football organisation.Ó (12) This section does not apply in relation to an offence committed before the day appointed by regulations under section 208(1) for its coming into force (so far as it has not previously been commenced by section 208(4)(y)). 191 Football banning orders: power to amend list of relevant offences (1) In section 14 of the Football Spectators Act 1989 (main definitions), after subsection (8) insertÑ Ò(9) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 so as to add, modify or remove a reference to an offence or a description of offence. (10) Regulations under subsection (9) may make consequential amendments to this Act. (11) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (9) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.Ó (2) Section 22A of that Act (other interpretation, etc) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) and (4). (3) In subsection (3), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor regulationsÓ. (4) After subsection (3) insertÑ 242 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(3A) An order or regulations under this PartÑ (a) may make different provision for different purposes; (b) may make consequential, supplementary, incidental, transitional, transitory or saving provision.Ó 192 Football banning orders: requirement to make order on conviction etc (1) In section 14A of the Football Spectators Act 1989 (banning order made on conviction of an offence), for subsections (2) and (3) substituteÑ Ò(2) The court must make a banning order in respect of the offender unless the court considers that there are particular circumstances relating to the offence or