farmland in just the first decade of implementation. This could lead to the creation of more jobs, a stronger local economy of farmers, and more resilient farms. Highlights A dual-use solar policy will conserve agricultural land and diversify farmers’ incomes.2 The role of designated staff at NY Ag and Markets and NYSERDA will be vital to connecting farmers with energy companies. The adoption of solar grazing practices will lead to increased carbon sequestration, biodiversity, pollinator populations, and soil health.1 Agricultural producers can help meet New York state’s goals in switching to renewable energy.2 Implementation This policy would likely get strong bipartisan support. For example, the New York Sun Act S8415 passed the New York State Senate with 59 votes in favor and only three against.6 An additional program would probably get as good or greater support from New York policymakers due to their similar goals. As solar infrastructure rapidly expands across the state, now is the ideal time to address dual-use solar incentives. In 2021, two bills were proposed to address solar grazing in New York State.10 However, both failed, as the policy was likely too small to gain broad support. Coupling the bill with the NY Sun Act could attract enough attention for support from the New York state legislature. A key legislator could be State Senator Rachel May.11 She is the Chair of the Legislative Commission on Rural Resources and has co-sponsored a bill (S7081) focused on providing funding for dual-use solar research. The American Farmland Trust would also likely be a main actor in having this bill pass.12 They could use their national resources to promote the bill, contact legislators, and get farmers to give testimonies. They have done work around the country in supporting policy that promotes dual-use solar and could potentially partner with the American Farmland Trust, which has several staff members in New York. In the pilot, NYSERDA and NY Ag and Markets will establish focus groups with farmers and solar providers to address viability concerns. The first year of the pilot would focus on education and awareness, with both agencies hosting workshops to explain how to form relationships and fair contracts between farms and solar providers. The second year of the pilot will aim to resolve conflicts between farmers and energy providers and continue to limit barriers. The policy would be funded through a joint budget between the New York Department of Agriculture and Markets and the Department of Energy Research and Development. This project appears to be very feasible with their budgets and aligns with both of the agency’s missions. Funding would mainly come from the state through rate-payer funding. Utility companies collect money from customers' monthly electricity bills to support various state energy programs. Unlike in the broader funding for the NY Sun Act, this project’s budget would be managed by NY Ag and Markets, in addition to NYSERDA. The project would also rely on public-private partnerships with energy companies that own the solar array sites. The policy would result in