section 7(3) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 private maritime security companies carriers airlines and ground handlers To renew a section 5 authority, you must apply at least 4 months before your current licence expires. This is because the Home O?ce will need to contact the police before considering the application. When you apply Applications must include a cover letter and evidence of trade in order for an initial assessment to take place, without this the application may be rejected. Cover letter to include the requirement for a section 5 authority (maximum 2 pages). Application must include: business name authority holder(s) name and personal details companies house number (if applicable) Documents to show evidence of your business need for a section 5 authority will need to cover every item or quantities requested. Examples of documents required: valid registered firearms dealer (RFD) (if applicable) copy of your current authority (renewal only) current or future contracts / expressions of interest invoices from the last 6 months (renewal only) addresses of the business premises where the prohibited items will be stored the types and quantities of prohibited items you want the authority to cover New applicants / existing licensees with a new work stream These applications must also include a business plan (maximum 2 pages) that sets out the company background and the requirement for a section 5 authority and evidence of prospective trade. For example: current or future contracts invoices from the last 6 months letters of sponsorship from the past 6 months a valid import licence, if applicable details of third part storage, if applicable addresses of the business premises where the prohibited items will be stored the types and quantities of prohibited items you want the authority to cover the personal details of one or 2 named authority holders: home address date and place of birth nationality contact details, including email of main contact if this is not the authority holder Carriers airlines and ground handlers Cover letter to include the requirement for a section 5 authority (maximum 2 pages): details of how the prohibited items will be obtained and used reasons you need to possess weapons and/or ammunition sought your previous section 5 authority (renewal only) evidence that your proposed airline or ground handler is in possession of a valid section 5 authority. For more information, see chapter 3 of the guide on Firearms Licensing Law. To renew a section 5 authority, you must apply at least 4 months before your current licence expires. This is because the Home O?ce will need to contact the police before considering the application. The Defence and Security Equipment International (DSEI) exhibition The Defence and Security Equipment International (DSEI) exhibition is held every 2 years for 1 week in September in the Excel Centre in London. If you want to exhibit prohibited weapons at the event you will need a section 5 authority. If issued, this authority will only be valid for the period of the DSEI event and will be solely for