CRR. The process has a number of stages that are described below. The results of each stage should be recorded in the CRR: o Assess the type and extent of the capabilities required to manage and respond to the hazards. The National Resilience Planning Assumptions together with Local Planning Assumptions Guidance can be used to inform local planning figures and will determine the level of capability required. o Identify the capabilities that are already in place o Considering the gap and the extent of the risk, rate the risk priority. o Identify the additional treatments required to close the capability gap and manage the risk more effectively. o Publishing Risk Assessments 4.57. A number of hazards a community may face, including pandemic influenza and wide-spread flooding, would be beyond the capacity of the emergency services, without the co-operation of the communities affected. The Community Risk Register, which Category 1 responders have a duty to publish, is an effective mechanism for making communities and businesses more aware and better able to prepare to play their part in emergency scenarios. LRFs are encouraged to increase awareness and engagement of the local community with the CRR by taking into account the principles of effective risk communication as documented on the UK resilience website http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource-library/ communicating-risk-guidance. The webpage also gives examples of good practice that some LRFs have used in the production of their CRR. Category 1 responders are able to fulfil their statutory duty to publish all or part of their risk assessments by publishing all or part of the CRR or publishing all or part of a plan, where the part published includes a summary of the risk assessment 25 on which the plan is based. They should do so where such information is presented in such a way that informs and encourages members of the public to mitigate the consequences of risks in their area. They should also consider the security classification of the information and the restrictions on the disclosure of sensitive information (information disclosure of which would be damaging to national security or public safety or information which would be harmful to individuals or the commercial interests of any business entity.). 25 s. 2(1)(f) Box 4.8: Access under the Freedom of Information Act Annex 4 A: Summary of the six-step local risk assessment process Revision to Emergency Preparedness Step No Name of step Forum level Agencies involved Actions Inputs 1 Contextualisation Risk assessment working group (RAWG) Category 1 responders o Define scope of project (relate to definition of emergency in the Act) and process to be followed o Identify stakeholders o Set out risk evaluation criteria and principles o Review or describe social, economic, cultural, infrastructural and environmental issues within local context o Review risk within the context of the current situation, but with regard for the longer-term risk context o Prior internal discussions within all Category 1 responders o Views of Category 2 responders received 2 Hazard review and allocation for assessment RAWG Category 1 responders o Taking