outstanding changes (b) until further order. (3) A sexual harm prevention orderÑ (a) may specify that some of its prohibitions have effect until further order and some for a fixed period; (b) may specify different periods for different prohibitions. (4) The only prohibitions that may be included in a sexual harm prevention order are those necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from sexual harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (5) In subsection (4) Òthe publicÓ, Òsexual harmÓ, ÒchildÓ and Òvulnerable adultÓ each has the meaning given in section 103B(1). (6) Where a court makes a sexual harm prevention order in relation to a person who is already subject to such an order (whether made by that court or another), the earlier order ceases to have effect. 103D SHPOs: prohibitions on foreign travel (1) A prohibition on foreign travel contained in a sexual harm prevention order must be for a fixed period of not more than 5 years. (2) A Òprohibition on foreign travelÓ meansÑ (a) a prohibition on travelling to any country outside the United Kingdom named or described in the order, (b) a prohibition on travelling to any country outside the United Kingdom other than a country named or described in the order, or (c) a prohibition on travelling to any country outside the United Kingdom. (3) Subsection (1) does not prevent a prohibition on foreign travel from being extended for a further period (of no more than 5 years each time) under section 103E. (4) A sexual harm prevention order that contains a prohibition within subsection (2)(c) must require the defendant to surrender all of the defendant's passports at a police station specified in the orderÑ (a) on or before the date when the prohibition takes effect, or (b) within a period specified in the order. (5) Any passports surrendered must be returned as soon as reasonably practicable after the person ceases to be subject to a sexual harm prevention order containing a prohibition within subsection (2)(c) (unless the person is subject to an equivalent prohibition under another order). (6) Subsection (5) does not apply in relation toÑ (a) a passport issued by or on behalf of the authorities of a country outside the United Kingdom if the passport has been returned to those authorities; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 193 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content