Police employee or volunteer to a Wiltshire Police social media account could be potentially reused by Wiltshire Police without your consent. For example shared on another Wiltshire Police social media account, or used in Internal Communications etc. • All Wiltshire Police accounts are regularly monitored and each carries an audit trail for all activity. • Any officer, staff member or volunteer using social media for covert or intelligence-led policing purposes must refer to the Wiltshire Police guidance on ÔCovert Use of Social MediaÕ and consider seeking the guidance of the Covert Authorities Bureau (CAB). See also: Open Source and Internet Based Research and Investigation Policy and Procedure. • All policing intelligence gathered by any officer, staff or volunteer must be officially submitted and recorded through the Niche Record Management System. If you require assistance in doing so please seek guidance from the Wiltshire Police Intelligence Unit. • • Behaviour through the medium of social media will be treated in exactly the same way as any other behaviour and assessed with reference to the Police Standards of Professional Behaviour, the Code of Ethics and the Competency and Values Framework (CVF). Any breaches of these standards or code will be investigated and appropriate disciplinary sanctions will be issued to individuals. This may include: o Any use of racist, sexist, homophobic, sexually explicit, abusive or otherwise objectionable language. o Any posting considered likely to incite violence, attack or offend others, contain swear words or other language likely to offend, break the law or condone unlawful activity, describe or encourage activities which could endanger the safety or well-being of others, or be seen to impersonate someone else. o Any other behaviour which has the potential to damage the reputation of Wiltshire Police. o Wiltshire Police reserve the right to permanently remove any user of their social media sites if deemed appropriate and reasoned to either protect the ForceÕs reputation, the fellow users of the sites or the person/s posting. • If a member of the public needs to be blocked from a Wiltshire Police social media account, the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department should be consulted/informed. All content posted on social media sites is considered to be in the public domain. Terms and conditions on sites usually include the waiving of any copyright. It is the responsibility of the employee, who is posting, to ensure that the content is appropriate and, as far as possible, does not contain a breach of copyright. Best advice is: if in doubt do not post the content. Any concerns regarding copyright should be raised with the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department. No material classified above ÔOfficialÕ under the Government Security Classification should be posted on any social networking site (business or personal). Attention must be paid to any Ôhandling requirementsÕ attached to any document classed as ÔOfficialÕ or ÔOfficial-SensitiveÕ. Once a message, image or video has been published to social media anyone can re-use it or share it, including the press, even if deleted afterwards from your timeline,