practice under this section or any draft revisions of such a code, the Central Police Training and Development Authority shall consult withÑ (a) persons whom it considers to represent the interests of police authorities; (b) persons whom it considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and (c) such other persons as it thinks fit. (5) The Secretary of State shall lay any code of practice issued by him under this section, and any revision of any such code, before Parliament. (6) The Secretary of State shall not be required by subsection (5) to lay before Parliament, or may exclude from what he does so lay, anything the publication of which, in his opinionÑ (a) would be against the interests of national security; (b) could prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders; or (c) could jeopardise the safety of any person. (7) In discharging any function to which a code of practice under this section relates, a chief officer of police shall have regard to the code.Ó (1) 4 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 Ð Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 3 Powers to require inspection and report (1) In section 54 of the 1996 Act (appointment and functions of inspectors of constabulary), after subsection (2A) there shall be insertedÑ Ò(2B) The Secretary of State may at any time require the inspectors of constabulary to carry out an inspection under this section ofÑ (a) a police force maintained for any police area; (b) the National Criminal Intelligence Service; or (c) the National Crime Squad; and a requirement under this subsection may include a requirement for the inspection to be confined to a particular part of the force, Service or Squad in question, to particular matters or to particular activities of that force, Service or Squad. (2C) Where the inspectors carry out an inspection under subsection (2B), they shall send a report on that inspection to the Secretary of State.Ó; and in section 55(1) of that Act (publication of reports) for Òor (2A)Ó there shall be substituted Ò , (2A) or (2C) Ó. (2) In section 41 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (c. 32) (appointment and functions of inspectors), after subsection (3) there shall be insertedÑ Ò(3A) The Secretary of State may at any time require the inspectors to carry out an inspection under this section ofÑ (a) the Police Service of Northern Ireland; or (b) the National Criminal Intelligence Service; and a requirement under this subsection may include a requirement for