subjected to force etc: England and Wales After section 53 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c. 42) insert— “53A Paying for sexual services of a prostitute subjected to force etc. A person (A) commits an offence if— A makes or promises payment for the sexual services of a prostitute (B), 16 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a third person (C) has engaged in exploitative conduct of a kind likely to induce or encourage B to provide the sexual services for which A has made or promised payment, and C engaged in that conduct for or in the expectation of gain for C or another person (apart from A or B). The following are irrelevant— where in the world the sexual services are to be provided and whether those services are provided, whether A is, or ought to be, aware that C has engaged in exploitative conduct. C engages in exploitative conduct if— C uses force, threats (whether or not relating to violence) or any other form of coercion, or C practises any form of deception. A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.” F415 Paying for sexual services of a prostitute subjected to force etc: Northern Ireland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amendment to offence of loitering etc for purposes of prostitution The Street Offences Act 1959 (c. 57) is amended as follows. In subsection (1) of section 1 (loitering or soliciting for purposes of prostitution)— for “common prostitute” substitute “ person ”, and after “female)” insert “ persistently ”. In subsection (4) of that section after “section” insert “— conduct is persistent if it takes place on two or more occasions in any period of three months; any reference to a person loitering or soliciting for the purposes of prostitution is a reference to a person loitering or soliciting for the purposes of offering services as a prostitute; ”. Omit section 2 (application to court by person cautioned for loitering or soliciting). Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 17 Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known