the locking side. 39. Where the ceiling of the room is accessible from a vulnerable area, e.g. a loft, its security should be enhanced by the installation of a weldmesh grille secured to the walls of the room or if an alarm is fitted, by a method of detecting any attack at this point. 8. 40. Ideally, there should be no windows in the gunroom if at ground floor/basement level. Secure ventilation to the following standard would be suitable: a) the fitting of a steel grille and internal baffle as in or b) an arrangement where the internal and external ventilation openings are not in line, the external ventilator facing a solid inner wall for at least the whole of its surface area. 41. Any windows serving this room should be fitted with either: a) steel bars of not less than 19mm diameter or section at a maximum of 125mm vertical centres. Horizontal steel straps or crossbars to be welded to each upright at a maximum of 450mm spacing to resist jacking. The bars may be individually fitted, grouted in not less than 50mm and 50mm from inside edge; or mounted in a steel plate or angle frame fixed to the wall surround at no more than 250mm centres; or b) welded or expanded steel mesh grilles of at least 8swg (4.5mm) maximum 50mm x 50mm mesh, welded into an angle iron frame and installed as above. Armoury Building 42. Building: the following criteria can be applied to a stand-alone armoury to store firearms and ammunition. 43. Walls: the walls of an armoury should be constructed in any of the following ways, to satisfy the requirements of Part A of the Building Regulations: a) solid reinforced concrete of 250mm minimum thickness; b) walls of solid bonded brickwork or masonry of 325mm minimum thickness; or c) cavity walls of dense concrete block, brick or stone, not less than 275mm excluding the cavity. The construction should be an external leaf of 100mm and an internal leaf of 175mm minimum thickness. 44. In an existing solid bonded brick/masonry or cavity wall not fulfilling the requirements of the preceding two paragraphs, one of the following provisions should be selected: a) increase the internal leaf material thickness to provide a wall of 275mm minimum thickness; or b) in the case of solid bonded brickwork etc. additional material, bonded to the existing thickness to produce a wall of not less than 325mm; or c) fitting of a substantial internal wire mesh reinforcement of not less than 2.3mm thickness, and of 50mm by 20mm maximum mesh size to be fixed either: a) i) directly to the wall at 300/400mm centres with mild steel washers and proprietary fixings or resin anchors. Each sheet should be butt jointed; or ii) to steel angle frame of not less than 50mm by 50mm by 3mm with cross rails at not more than 1.2 metre centres to form an internal lining cage. 45. Roof/ceiling: the roof or ceiling of an armoury should