public will help to achieve greater success in compliance. Responders also need to consider how technical information can be communicated in a way that the public will understand. 7.60. Responders need to consider the potential for disparity between local and national messages. Ensuring consistency and clarity of messaging in the context of potentially differing approaches and experiences is key to successful UK-wide response to emergencies. Responders should explain why national messages might differ from local messages and ensure that local media are aware of the importance of local information. 7.1. 7.61. There will often be a number of routes through which messages are disseminated, and to avoid inconsistent or conflicting messaging, they should be synchronised and checked to ensure that the data is correct. A common information picture should be shared at all levels. The News Co-ordination Centre (NCC) will help to co-ordinate the information activities at a national level Ð see Annex 7A for further information on the NCC. 7.62. Category 1 responders should not release, (without consultation), information or advice which covers the areas of responsibility of partner organisations. The damage done to public confidence by the release of inconsistent or contradictory messages can be hard to repair. Similarly, great damage can be done by speculation about causes or future developments when facts are not known. Informing and advising 7.63. It is important to maintain a flow of information and provide the public with practical information in the mid and longer term following a major incident, and signpost individuals to sources of additional support. It is essential to recognise that some communication outlets may not be available for the long term distribution of essential information to the public and alternative methods should be established. 7.1. 7.64. Local authorities co-ordinate the provisions of welfare support to the community and take on a key role in the recovery phase of emergencies. Local authorities have their own websites which can provide people with information on services available. Other mechanisms include individual and public meetings; one stop shops; use of media and mailing; as well as using existing voluntary/community networks. Pre-event information 7.65. The simplest and most cost-effective solution may be to make all or part of the relevant documents available in downloadable web format. For those who do not have internet access, paper copies can be made available on request and in the reference sections of public libraries. 7.66. Available information should be identified clearly in the responder Freedom of Information Publication Scheme. 30 30 The Freedom of Information Act requires each public authority to adopt and maintain a publication scheme setting out details of information it will routinely make available, how the information can be obtained and whether there is any charge for it. A publication scheme is therefore both a public commitment to make certain information available and a guide to how that information can be obtained. All publication schemes have to be approved by the Information Commissioner and should be reviewed by authorities periodically to ensure they are