be read as a reference to 6 months. (4) If a person is convicted of an offence under this section, an order for conditional discharge under section 80 is not available to the court by or before which the person is convicted. 342H Variation, renewal or discharge of serious violence reduction order (1) A person within subsection (2) may apply to the appropriate court for an order varying, renewing or discharging a serious violence reduction order. (2) Those persons areÑ (a) the offender; (b) the chief officer of police for the police area in which the offender lives; (c) the chief officer of police for the police area in which the offender committed the offence on the basis of which the order was made; (d) a chief officer of police who believes that the offender is in, or is intending to come to, the chief officerÕs police area; (e) where the offence on the basis of which the order was made is an offence to which this paragraph applies, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force. (3) Paragraph (e) of subsection (2) applies to an offence whichÑ (2) 186 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) was committed at, or in relation to, a place within section 31(1)(a) to (f) of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003 (jurisdiction of British Transport Police Force), or (b) otherwise related to a railway within the meaning given by section 67 of the Transport and Works Act 1992 or a tramway within the meaning given by that section. (4) An application under this section must be made in accordance with rules of court. (5) Before making a decision on an application under this section, the court must hearÑ (a) the person making the application, and (b) any other person within subsection (2) who wishes to be heard. (6) Subject to subsection (7), on an application under this section the court may make such order varying, renewing or discharging the serious violence reduction order as it thinks appropriate. (7) The court may renew a serious violence reduction order, or vary such an order so as to lengthen its duration, only if it considers that to do so is necessaryÑ (a) to protect the public in England and Wales from the risk of harm involving a bladed article or offensive weapon, (b) to protect any particular members of the public in England and Wales (including the offender) from such