is no excuse for domestic abuse, no matter what stresses you are under and support is available. HestiaÕs Respond to Abuse Advice Line is a free resource for employers. Employers can call 020 3879 3695 Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm, or email adviceline.eb@hestia.org for support, guidance or information about domestic abuse and how to support employees and colleagues experiencing domestic abuse. The EmployersÕ Initiative on Domestic Abuse website provides resources to support employers including an employersÕ toolkit. If you are a professional working in the domestic abuse sector SafeLives provides guidance and support to professionals and those working in the domestic abuse sector, as well as additional advice for those at risk. Find additional information and support If you want to access help specifically to cater to your background and needs or want support and help for specific types of abuse there are several organisations that can help - see Domestic abuse: specialist sources of support. You can also find additional information and support here on topics including: help for children and young people welfare benefits and housing advice help if you donÕt have settled status in the UK support for specific types of abuse Get help if you think you might be an abuser If you are concerned about your behaviour or the behaviour of someone you know, there is support available. The Respect Phoneline is an anonymous and confidential helpline for men and women who are abusing their partners and families. It is open Monday to Friday 9am to 8pm. The helpline also takes calls from partners or ex-partners, friends and relatives who are concerned about perpetrators. A webchat service is available Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays from 10am to 11am and from 3pm to 4pm. Telephone: 0808 802 4040 How to call the police when you canÕt speak If you are in danger and unable to talk on the phone, call 999 and listen to the questions from the operator and, if you can, respond by coughing or tapping on the handset. Call 999 from a mobile If prompted, press 55 to Make Yourself Heard and this will transfer your call to the police. Pressing 55 only works on mobiles and does not allow police to track your location. Call 999 from a landline If the operator can only hear background noise and cannot decide whether an emergency service is needed, you will be connected to a police call handler. If you replace the handset, the landline may remain connected for 45 seconds in case you pick up again. When 999 calls are made from landlines, information about your location should be automatically available to the call handlers to help provide a response. If you are deaf or canÕt use a phone You can register with the emergencySMS. Text REGISTER to 999. You will get a text which tells you what to do next. Do this when it is safe so you can text when you are in danger. Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March