laboratory testing 3.1 Any test that may be relied upon in disciplinary proceedings should be conducted through laboratory analysis, not on site testing. On - site testing, using portable testing kits, may be used to screen out persons tested. However, if there is a positive indication at any screening stage, the residual specimen of hair, urine or oral fluid (saliva) (remaining after the screening test) should go forward to full laboratory analysis and medical review. Where testing is carried out with cause, the specimen may be submitted directly to the laboratory, without conducting a screening test Table of Contents Split samples Provision should always be made to allow the donor of the hair, urine or Oral fluid (saliva) an opportunity to have an independent analysis of the specimen to challenge the outcome of the laboratory analysis. A split sample (at the time of collection) provides an effective means of providing this opportunity. There are currently two methods in which samples are obtained and tested. The first method involves the direct submission of a sample for laboratory analysis without on-site screening taking place. The second involves an on-site indication followed by submission for laboratory analysis. 3.2 Direct submission for laboratory analysis without an on-site indication is the usual testing procedure though both procedures are available subject to circumstance. 3.3 Any test that may be relied upon in disciplinary/misconduct proceedings should be subject to laboratory analysis. 3.4 The results of any test will be provided to the officer at the first available opportunity. Laboratory analysis provides results usually within 48 hours and either the officer supervising the test(s) or a line manager of the officer will inform the officer of the test result. 4 Material to be tested 4.1 In the case of a serving police officers and officers transferring between forces either oral fluid (saliva) or urine may be tested. The decision as to which of these are to be tested will be dependent on the relevant circumstances but is that of the Force. 4.2 In the case of new recruits to the police service oral fluid (saliva), urine or hair sample may be tested. 4.3 Oral fluid (saliva) may be regarded as the least personally intrusive option. Blood does not form part of routine testing, where there is no grounds for suspecting misuse, as the procedures are disproportionately intrusive. Testing Procedures: 5. Self-declaration 5.1 An Officer or member of staff with substance misuse problems should be encouraged to identify themselves, and should be assisted in seeking treatment. However, self-declaration cannot be used to avoid the consequences of a positive test. Any such declaration must be made before an officer is notified of any requirement to take a test. A self-declaration made after an officer is notified of the requirement to take a test cannot be used to frustrate the disciplinary proceedings that might result from a positive test result. Table of Contents 6. Random and routine testing 6.1 The scale of testing should be risk based. Any sample of officers