Body Armour Standard (2017). These included the National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC), the Police Federation, end-users, manufacturers of body armour, test facilities and technical experts. These requirements provided direction for a body of work to produce a test standard that better represented the needs of end-users. The key requirement for body armour is to reduce the risk of death or serious injury to the wearer from ballistic or stab attack to the torso in normal operational usage. Key differences from the HOSDB Body Armour Standards for UK Police 2007 include: • Formed armour testing: anthropometrically derived test surrogates, more representative of the morphologies of the female torso enabling enhanced assessment of female body armour. • Ballistic protection levels: an updated set of ballistic protection levels with test rounds reflecting the current operational requirements of UK law enforcement. • Rifle testing: anthropometrically derived male front and back torso surrogates for ballistic testing to provide enhanced assessment on the performance of rifle protection. • Production quality testing (PQT): introduction of critical perforation analysis (CPA) as a quality assurance tool to provide increased confidence in the continued production quality of soft armour. • In-life monitoring (ILM): periodical assessment of in-service body armour over a period of time to ensure performance is maintained. 1.3. Guidance A supplementary guidance document is also available, Home Office Body Armour Standard (2017) Ð Guidance (Publication No. 039/17), providing additional information on the intended use of the standard. This document has been written to be used alongside the standard and provides information to enable informed decision making in the selection and procurement of body armour and inform elements of best practice associated with its use. 2. Scope 2.1. Inclusions This standard has been written to address the operational requirements of UK law enforcement when faced with ballistic threats from firearms, edged (knife) and non-edged (spike) weapons. The primary region of consideration in this standard is the torso, addressing frontal and rear impacts. Auxiliary to this, protection for areas of extended coverage (e.g. shoulder, neck) interfacing with the body armour in the torso region has also been included. Within this standard, to ensure continued performance in the production of the body armour, periodic PQT has been included. Similarly, to ensure continued performance of in-use operational armours, periodic ILM of armour has been included. Body armour certified to this standard is deemed to be ballistic and/or stab resistant only. Certification to this standard ensures that the armour meets the minimum performance requirements only. It is the responsibility of the end-user to ensure that the body armour addresses their particular requirements. It is the responsibility of the manufacturer to ensure the continued quality of their product. 2.2. Exclusions Elements not directly addressed by this standard include protection against: • Slash: attacks characterised by a short duration swipe of a bladed weapon across the body. • Fragmentation: characterised by small high velocity projectiles, often generated as a product of an explosive event. • Blunt trauma: characterised by relatively low velocity, high mass impacts