other cases the UK Government will consider on a case-by-case basis the need to inform the Welsh Government of any request by it for information from: 4 s.16(1-4) 5 s.16(1-4) o individual Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales which fall within devolved responsibility (eg. the Welsh Ambulance Services NHS Trust); and o Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales which fall outside devolved responsibility (eg. the police). 11.12. Where appropriate, the Welsh Government will work with Category 1 and 2 responders in developing pan-Wales plans. In developing plans, the Welsh Government will be able to offer advice to Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales in terms of consistency with pan-Wales and pan-UK plans. Communication with the UK Government 11.13. The Welsh Government or Wales Office, depending on the subject matter, is represented on the key committees and forums within UK government relating to civil protection at both official and ministerial levels. They work closely with UK government departments to ensure that UK civil protection policy and planning is tailored to Welsh needs. The UK Government works with the Welsh Government to ensure that it is kept informed and copied in to all information which will assist it in carrying out its responsibilities under the Act. Concordat between the Welsh Government and the UK Government 11.14. A Concordat between the Welsh Government and the UK Government provides clarification as to how both sides see the role of the Welsh Government being delivered in practice under the Act. This guidance addresses this issue exhaustively in relation to Part 1 of the Act (Òlocal arrangements for civil protectionÓ) and therefore the Concordat focuses exclusively on Part 2 (Òemergency powersÓ) issues. The Concordat is published on UK Resilience website: www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/ukresilience 11.1. Co-operation 11.15. Generally, the models of operation and representation as set out in Chapter 2 will apply in Wales. But there are differences because Wales has a devolved administration and because of different NHS structures. 11.16. The Welsh Government is represented on all four LRFs in Wales in an observer capacity. Local responders should also seek to engage the Welsh Government on wider issues, including notifying the Welsh Government of the appointment of a lead responder in any of the four LRFs. 11.17. Welsh NHS organisations are engaged in civil protection at every level. Health Boards and Trusts progress this work individually and collectively through local health emergency planning co-ordinating groups and through the all-Wales Health Emergency Planning Advisory Group. The NHS is also appropriately represented on multi-agency groups including the strategic LRFs. The Health Protection Agency is linked into health emergency planning arrangements in Wales and provides specialist advice during both the planning and response stages. The Welsh GovernmentÕs Health and Social Care Department provides health emergency planning policy guidance to the NHS and works with the Department of Health in reviewing and developing health resilience. 11.1. Information sharing 11.18. Where appropriate, the WRF will play a part, in co-ordinating the request for information between Category 1 and 2 responders