information in a way that can be easily understood. This might include any special instructions to particular people who have been allocated a specific task, such as shutting down equipment or guiding people to the nearest exit. Duties of employees to give information Employees also have a duty to take reasonable care for their own safety and that of other people who may be affected by their activities. This includes the need for them to inform their employer of any activity that they consider would present a serious and immediate danger to their own safety and that of others. Dangerous substances HSE publishes guidance8 about specific substances where appropriate information may need to be provided. If any of these, or any other substance that is not included but nevertheless presents more than a slight risk, is present in your premises, then you must provide such information to staff and others, specifically you must: • name the substance and the risks associated with it, e.g. how to safely use or store the product to avoid creating highly flammable vapours or explosive atmospheres; • identify any legislative provisions that may be associated with the substance; • allow employees access to the hazardous substances safety data sheet; and • inform the local fire and rescue service where dangerous substances are present on the premises. • 108 Information to the fire and rescue services In addition to providing information to the fire and rescue service when dangerous substances are present in sufficient quantities to pose an enhanced risk, it will also be helpful to inform them of any short term changes that might have an impact on their firefighting activities, e.g. in the event of temporary loss of a firefighting facility and temporary alterations. Procedures should also include meeting and briefing the fire and rescue service when they arrive. Instruction You will need to carefully consider the type of instructions to staff and other people working in your premises. Written instructions must be concise, comprehensible and relevant and therefore must be reviewed and updated as new working practices and hazardous substances are introduced. Inclusive access and employment policies mean that people with learning difficulties may now be present in a range of premises and your fire risk assessment should consider whether further instruction or guidance is necessary to ensure that your evacuation strategy is appropriate and understood by everyone. Instructions will need to be given to people delegated to carry out particular tasks, for example: • removing additional security, bolts, bars or chains on final exit doors before the start of business to ensure that escape routes are accessible; • daily, weekly, quarterly and yearly checks on the range of fire safety measures (in larger premises some of the work may be contracted out to a specialist company); • safety considerations when closing down the premises at the end of the day, e.g. removing rubbish, ensuring enough exits are available for people that remain and closing fire doors and shutters; • leaving hazardous substances