be no external indications of the contents of the vehicle. 7.29 The vehicle must always be double manned, save for the provisions covering small loads and particular articles specified in paragraph 7.37. 7.30 A sign must be carried indicating: a) that the occupant(s) will not open the doors for anyone and if necessary, will follow a police car to the nearest police station; and b) the police telephone contact number for use in the event of any incident involving the vehicle. 7.31 The vehicle will only make dedicated journeys with no unnecessary stops or delays. 7.32 When regular collections/deliveries have to be made, times and routes should be varied as often as possible. 7.33 When weapons are being loaded/unloaded this should be carried out discretely and whenever possible in secure conditions. When this is not possible, weapons must be boxed or covered to conceal their contents. 7.34 When large consignments are being carried, consideration should be given to informing police who may be able to assist in facilitating a safe route and/or delivery or collection point. 7.13 7.35 The dispatcher must inform the receiver of the expected time of arrival and having checked the bona fides of the recipient, advise the vehicle crew of those details. 7.36 The vehicle crew must ensure the bona fides of the person accepting delivery. 7.37 The consignment must be accompanied by documentation to validate the cargo and its journey and the transfer from consignor to carrier and from carrier to consignee must be in person and against signature confirming receipt. 7.38 When fewer than 6 section 5 weapons, or prohibited expanding pistol ammunition in no more than 20 cases/boxes/cartons containing no more than 10,000 rounds per unit, or the component parts of prohibited weapons (not capable of being assembled into a working firearm) are carried, the following will apply on low-risk journeys: • Although double staffing is regarded as safest, the items may be carried in a vehicle which is single staffed. 7.39 In the case of single crewed vehicles, the carrier must ensure that: a) The journey can be properly accomplished within the limits which may apply to the permitted work hours for a single driver; or b) The consignment must be kept between any work periods in a location which provides suitable security for the consignment, or the consignment and vehicle carrying it. 7.40 Carriers may use goods carrying vehicles which, in order to carry handguns and component parts have either: a) a steel security container permanently attached to the vehicleÕs bodywork; or b) a commercially manufactured lock on/lock off steel security container, which may have a common securing plate in a number of vehicles. 7.41 All prohibited ammunition must be secured out of sight in the load carrying area of the vehicle. 7.42 The vehicle must not be left unattended when firearms and/or ammunition are being carried. When this is unavoidable, the vehicle should be properly locked with the alarm set and immobilised. 7.43 When moving section 5 items, commercial or