is necessary for one or more of the specified reasons to a) Ascertain the persons name b) Ascertain the persons address c) Prevent physical harm to self or another or suffering physical injury d) Prevent loss of or damage to property e) Prevent an offence against public decency f) Prevent an unlawful obstruction of the highway g) Protect a child or vulnerable person h) Prevent any prosecution being hindered by the disappearance of the person in question i) Allow a prompt and effective investigation of the offence or of the conduct of the person in question. Each case must be considered on its own merits balancing the necessity and proportionality of the individualÕs right to liberty with the situation of the victim, the circumstances of the suspect, the nature of the offence and the needs of the investigation. Officers must consider facts and information which tend to indicate the personÕs innocence as well as their guilt. For an offence involving the use of force this should include the circumstances in which the law allows the use of reasonable force in defence of persons or property. The ACPO NIISSG Position An officer conducting an arrest is responsible for making and justifying the decision to exercise their powers, the case of OÕHara v CC RUC (1997) decided that where an arrest is made solely on the order of a senior officer, the arresting officer must form the required reasonable grounds in their own mind before making the arrest. This should not be interpreted as meaning officers cannot conduct arrests when instructed to do so, it merely reinforces the need for arresting officers to form their own judgement of necessity based on the information supplied to them when briefed and directed by others. Code G requires officers to consider other practical alternatives to arrest such as use of street bail to compel the suspected person to attend a police station at a later time and date for interview or the use of voluntary attendance to conduct the interview. Specifically the Code states an officer who believes it is necessary to interview a person suspected of committing an offence must consider whether their arrest is necessary to carry out the interview.2 The use of the word ÔconsiderÕ is important and does not suggest that a decision not to arrest should automatically be taken. Interviewing a suspect is a main line of enquiry and is rarely unnecessary in any investigation. Not only does an interview allow the gathering of material/evidence by questioning the suspect (including developing adverse inference from no comment responses and lies), it also allows the interviewee an opportunity to put forward any defence and offer an explanation including any admissions and mitigation. Nothing in Code G reduces the significance of a suspectÕs interview as forming part of a prompt and effective investigation; the necessity to arrest to conduct the interview is a separate issue that could be influenced by a number of factors according to the circumstances of each individual case. Each