responsible adult aged 18 or over who is not a member of staff of the appropriate officerÕs employer or any law enforcement or prosecuting body. 167. A person, including a parent or guardian, must not be an appropriate adult if they are suspected of involvement in the unlawful conduct to which the investigation relates, are involved in the investigation or have received admissions from the juvenile prior to attending to act as the appropriate adult. If the parent of a juvenile is estranged from the juvenile, they must not be asked to act as the appropriate adult if the juvenile expressly and specifically objects to their presence. 168. In the case of people who suffer from a mental disorder, are mentally vulnerable or have a learning disability, it may be more satisfactory if the appropriate adult is someone experienced or trained in their care rather than a relative lacking such qualifications. But if the person prefers a relative or objects to a particular person their wishes should, if practicable, be respected. 169. A person must always be given an opportunity, when an appropriate adult is called to the interview, to consult privately with a solicitor and/or a qualified accountant in the absence of the appropriate adult if they wish to do so. A solicitor or qualified accountant present in that capacity may not be the appropriate adult. Role of persons who may be present at interviews Solicitor and Qualified Accountant 170. The main role of any solicitor or qualified accountant is to observe that the interview is conducted in a fair and proper manner. They may not answer questions on behalf of the interviewee but they may intervene: • to seek clarification of questions put during the interview; • to challenge a question put by the appropriate officer which he or she considers improper; • to challenge the manner in which a question is put; • if the interviewee may have a reasonable excuse for failure to comply with the disclosure order, to advise him or her whether or not to reply to a question; or • to give the interviewee advice. 171. Any request for legal or financial advice and the action taken on it should be recorded on the record and/or taped. If a person has asked for legal or financial advice and an interview is begun in the absence of a solicitor or qualified accountant (or the solicitor or qualified accountant has been required to leave an interview), a note should be made in the interview record. 172. The solicitor or qualified accountant may read any documents shown to, or produced by, the interviewee at the interview. Appropriate Adult 173. Where the appropriate adult is present at an interview, he or she should be informed that they are not expected to act simply as an observer, and that the purposes of their presence are, first, to advise the person being questioned and to observe whether or not the interview is being conducted properly and fairly, and secondly,