members of staff. The reporting of incidents is an important means of providing information that allows Wiltshire Police to investigate such occurrences promptly and effectively and, where possible, to quickly apply control measures. This will help with the process of identifying the causes of such incidents, from which lessons can be learned and control measures put in place to reduce the risk of recurrence. In order to facilitate the reporting of incidents Flags will be incorporated at key points: 1. Issue Resolution or Grievance. 2. Welfare support to officers and staff by Trade Unions and Police Federation. 3. Notification of Civil action in relation to an Employment Tribunal. 4. Anonymous reporting process. 5. Informal process from Staff Support Networks when they become aware. 6. PSD investigations and assessments. INITIAL MANAGEMENT OF THE INCIDENT All incidents reported will be considered by the EDI Inspector who will determine a graded response. All incidents will be recorded onto the EDI Incident Assessment Template: 1. Where an incident has occurred in the past, consideration will be documented as to any lessons to be learnt and guidance that can be provided. 2. Where immediate remedial action can be taken in order to mitigate any ongoing risk, the EDI Inspector will inform the relevant department of their considerations and recommendations about the next part of the process. 1. 3. Should the EDI Inspector deem it necessary they will draw together an EDI Response Meeting (EDRM) where the incident can be discussed, more detailed considerations and recommendations can be formulated, and the reporting of lessons learnt can be subsequently documented and disseminated. 4. At all times the EDI Inspector will consider whether the incident reported is of such nature that escalation to SLT or ELT is required. 5. Recognising this is a victim or interested party focused procedure the EDI Inspector will ensure the actions contained in Regulations or legislation relating to victim contact and welfare are of core focus. 6. Where appropriate EDI Inspector will update the Police Federation, Unison, and Staff Support Networks with the specifics of individual incidents. 7. The EDI Inspector will hold a meeting on a monthly basis with Police Federation, Unison, and the Head of PSD. This will be to consider any concerns raised with ongoing cases, and to ensure they are deliberated for a collaborative approach to address the concerns. 8. Weekly meetings to be held between PSD and the EDI lead to ensure that reported incidents are discussed in a constructive dialogue and the process have been followed correctly. 9. At the closure of any incident or investigation the documentation will be compiled for any reflective practices on what happened and why; including a lessons learnt document to ensure actions are identified to prevent a recurrence. The documentation will be retained and embedded. 10. The crime recording process within RMS Niche for staff complaints of a Hate Crime and Hate Incident are the same as they are for members of the public. This means that the victim code of