(See end of Document for details) (4) Before making the recommendation, the panelÑ (a) may consult the chief inspector of constabulary, and (b) must hold a scrutiny hearing. (5) The panel must publish the recommendation made under this paragraph. (6) It is for the panel to determine the manner in which the recommendation is to be published in accordance with sub-paragraph (5). (7) In calculating the period of six weeks mentioned in sub-paragraph (3), any relevant post-election period is to be ignored. (8) For that purpose, Òrelevant post-election periodÓ means the period thatÑ (a) begins with the day of the poll at an ordinary election of a police and crime commissioner under section 50, and (b) ends with the day on which the person elected as police and crime commissioner delivers a declaration of acceptance of office under section 70. (9) For the purposes of this Part a Òscrutiny hearingÓ is a meeting of the panel, held in private, which the police and crime commissioner and the chief constable are both entitled to attend for the purpose of making representations relating to the proposal to call upon the chief constable to retire or resign. (10) References in this Part to a person appearing at a meeting of the panel are references to the personÑ (a) attending the meeting in person, or (b) not attending the meeting in person, but participating in the proceedings at the meeting by any means that enable the person to hear, and be heard in, those proceedings as they happen. Removal: consideration of panel's recommendation 16 (1) The police and crime commissionerÑ (a) must consider the panel's recommendation given under paragraph 15, and (b) having considered the recommendation, may accept or reject it. (2) The police and crime commissioner must notify the panel of the decision whether or not to accept the recommendation. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) PART 3 SUSPENSION AND REMOVAL OF OTHER SENIOR POLICE OFFICERS Senior police officers 17 In this Part of this Schedule Òsenior police officerÓ meansÑ (a) a deputy chief constable, or (b) an assistant chief constable. 209 Suspension 18 If a chief constable suspends a senior police officer from duty under section 39 or 40, the chief constable must notify the relevant police and crime commissioner of the suspension. Removal 19 (1) A chief constable must comply with this paragraph before calling upon a senior police officer to retire or resign under section 39 or 40. (2) The chief constable must give the senior police officer a written explanation of the reasons why the chief constable is proposing to call for the retirement or resignation. (3) The chief constable must give the senior police officer