Powers Act 2000 (c. 23) (failure to comply with notice relating to encrypted information) is amended as follows. In subsection (5A)(a) after “case” insert “ “or a child indecency case” ”. After subsection (5B) insert— “(6) In subsection (5A) “a child indecency case” means a case in which the grounds specified in the notice to which the offence relates as the grounds for imposing a disclosure requirement were or included a belief that the imposition of the requirement was necessary for the purpose of preventing or detecting an offence under any of the provisions listed in subsection (7). (7) Those provisions are— section 1 of the Protection of Children Act 1978 (showing or taking etc an indecent photograph of a child: England and Wales); Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 23 Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Article 3 of the Protection of Children (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 (S.I. 1978/1047 (N.I. 17)) (corresponding offence for Northern Ireland); section 52 or 52A of the Civic Government (Scotland) Act 1982 (showing or taking etc or possessing an indecent photograph of a child: Scotland); section 160 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 (possessing an indecent photograph of a child: England and Wales); Article 15 of the Criminal Justice (Evidence, Etc.) (Northern Ireland) Order 1988 (S.I. 1988/1847 (N.I. 17)) (corresponding offence for Northern Ireland).” The amendments made by this section apply in relation to cases in which the section 49 notice was given after the commencement of this section. Sex establishments Regulation of lap dancing and other sexual entertainment venues etc Schedule 3 to the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1982 (c. 30) (control of sex establishments) is amended as follows. In paragraph 2 (meaning of “sex establishment”) after “means a” insert “ sexual entertainment venue, ”. After paragraph 2 insert— 2A “Meaning of “sexual entertainment venue” In this Schedule “sexual entertainment venue” means any premises at which relevant entertainment is provided before a live audience for the financial gain of the organiser or the entertainer. In this paragraph “relevant entertainment” means— any live performance; or any live display of nudity; which is of such a nature that, ignoring financial gain, it must reasonably be assumed to be provided solely or principally for the purpose of sexually stimulating any member of the audience (whether by verbal or other means). The following are not sexual entertainment venues for the purposes of this Schedule— sex cinemas and sex shops; premises at which the provision of relevant entertainment as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) is such that, at the