safe and lawful. The competencies are recorded in the OCP (Operational Competence Portfolio). The student must have successfully completed all underpinning learning linked to IPS (Independent Patrol Status) before final assessment of IPS is made via an appropriate holistic (integrated) assessment. 6.5.4 It is the responsibility of the Community Policing Teams allocated Tutors and Line Manager to make sure that the students have enough exposure across the functional areas of the role to enable them to have the opportunities to deal with the requisite policing incidents/events associated with their academic and OCP criteria. Attachments through rotations across operational functions should be considered to ensure that all students are given equal opportunity in this respect. 6.6 Annual Leave A Student OfficerÕs leave should be allocated so that it does not conflict with the courses or learning events that form part of the training programme, the programme will be published in plenty of time to facilitate this. The PCDA and DHEP students have a weekÕs leave included in the initial learning period and another week before tutorship begins. Any Student Officer wishing to absent themselves from a course, in exceptional circumstances, must submit a report via their line manager to the Training Manager for approval, outlining the reason. The Apprenticeship Consultant and USW should be informed of any absences. 6.7 Occupational Competence Portfolio (OCP) 6.7.1 All Student Officers will be allocated an electronic OCP document. 6.7.2 This document will be managed by an assessor from the SOAT team from Professional Development. The Student Officer and relevant line managers will be regularly updated regarding the progress being made in achieving competence against the OCP. 6.7.3 The OCP should be used to provide the Student Officer with a system of guidance and feedback, which enables individual development to take place in a structured and effective way, through action planning and practice. The OCP will store feedback and development documents for easy access and referral. 6.7.4 The OCP is designed to give an accurate picture of the Student OfficerÕs development and training needs providing evidence of their suitability for confirmation at the end of their probationary period. A Student Officer will be required to show evidence of competency of each of the criteria for the OCP on the number of occasions specified in their portfolio. 1.1.1 6.7.5 PCDA students should achieve full operational competence (FOC) to pass through the gateway into year 3 and before completing their End Point Assessment. It is expected that the student would have completed 100% of their OCP by week 104. 6.7.6 If a Student Officer has not completed all the above prior to their final review, they cannot be recommended for confirmation at this stage or to pass through the gateway for End Point Assessment (PCDA) or complete their Diploma and Probation (DHEP). They should be placed on a Support Plan(s) to complete the areas where they have not yet achieved competence. It is expected that should the student not be on target for completion, that Support Plans are