Participation in any other business 6.4 Conditions The organisation has adopted the default scheme for the taking of ordinary parental leave and the following conditions apply: a. You must: • Have one year continuous service or more • Be named on the childÕs birth or adoption certificate (and be able to supply a copy of this • documentation with the submitted form requesting the required leave) • Have or expect to have parental responsibility for the child • Be taking the leave for the purposes of caring for the child b. You must give proper notice of the period of leave that you propose to take. This notice must be given to the organisation at least 21 days before the date on which leave is to start and must specify the dates on which the period of leave is to begin and end. c. Where the individual is the second parent of the child in respect of whom the leave is to be taken and he/she requests ordinary parental leave to begin when your child is born, your notice must specify the expected week of childbirth and the duration of the period of leave. The individual must give this notice at least 21 days before the expected week of childbirth. d. Where the ordinary parental leave is in respect of an adopted child and is to begin on the date of the placement, the individual's notice must be given to the organisation at least 21 days before the beginning of the week in which the child is to be placed for adoption, or as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter. It must specify the week in which the placement is expected to occur and the duration of the period of ordinary parental leave requested. e. Staff members have up to 18 weeks they can take during the 18 year period. They may not however, take more than four weeks' leave in respect of any individual child in anyone year. For these purposes a year is the period of 12 months beginning when the individual first becomes entitled to ordinary parental leave in respect of the child in question, and each successive period of 12 months beginning on the anniversary of that date. In addition, in the case of Police staff, this annual allowance must also be taken in blocks of no less than a week (except in relation to a child who is disabled). A week is based on an individualÕs normal working pattern. f. Police Officer have up to 13 weeks they can take during the 18 year period. There is however, no limit for Police Officers on the amount of time which can be taken in a 12 month rolling period and this leave can also be taken in either day or week blocks. 6.5 Postponement of Parental Leave Parental leave requests immediately after the birth or adoption of a child will be approved where the correct notice has been given. With the exception of leave requests immediately