policeÓ meansÑ (a) in England and Wales, the chief officer of police for the police area in which the persons designated would act as examining officers, (b) in Scotland, the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Scotland, and (c) in Northern Ireland, the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.Ó Time limits on examination without detention and on detention 2 (1) Schedule 7 to the Terrorism Act 2000 is amended as follows. (2) Paragraph 6(4) is repealed. (3) After paragraph 6 there is insertedÑ Ò6A (1) This paragraph applies where a person is questioned under paragraph 2 or 3. (2) After the end of the 1 hour period, the person may not be questioned under either of those paragraphs unless the person is detained under paragraph 6. (3) If the person is detained under paragraph 6 the person must be released not later than the end of the 6 hour period (unless detained under another power). (4) In this paragraphÑ Òthe 1 hour periodÓ is the period of 1 hour beginning with the time the person is first questioned under paragraph 2 or 3; Òthe 6 hour periodÓ is the period of 6 hours beginning with that time.Ó 230 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Port and border controls Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Powers to search persons 3 In paragraph 8 of Schedule 7 to the Terrorism Act 2000, after sub-paragraph (3) there is insertedÑ Ò(4) An intimate search of a person may not be carried out under this paragraph. (5) A strip search of a person may not be carried out under this paragraph unlessÑ (a) the person is detained under paragraph 6, (b) the examining officer has reasonable grounds to suspect that the person is concealing something which may be evidence that the person falls within section 40(1)(b), and (c) the search is authorised by a senior officer who has not been directly involved in questioning the person. (6) ÒSenior officerÓ meansÑ (a) where the examining officer is a constable, a constable of a higher rank than the examining officer, (b) where the examining officer is an immigration officer, an immigration officer of a higher grade than the examining officer, and (c) where the examining officer is a customs officer, a customs officer of a higher grade than the examining officer. (7) In this paragraphÑ Òintimate searchÓ means a search which consists of a physical examination of a person's body orifices other than the mouth; Òstrip searchÓ means a search which is not an intimate