real firearm; and b) is neither a deactivated firearm nor an antique. 2.38 This definition of Ôrealistic imitation firearmÕ applies for the purposes of sections 36 and 37 of the 2006 Act. The term 'real firearm' is defined in section 38(7) as either a firearm of an actual make or model of a modern firearm, or a generic modern firearm. The term 'modern firearm' is defined in subsection 8 as a firearm other than one whose appearance would tend to identify it as having a design and mechanism of a sort first dating before 1870. 2.39 Section 37 of the 2006 Act provides for a number of specified defences, which apply for the offence under section 36, where a realistic imitation firearm is made available for one or more of the following purposes: i) for the purposes of a museum or gallery ii) for the purposes of theatrical performances and of rehearsals for such performances iii) in the production of films (within the meaning of Part 1 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988) iv) in the production of television programmes (within the meaning of the Communications Act 2003)) 13 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law v) for the organisation and holding of historical re-enactments organised and held by persons specified or described for the purposes of this section by regulations made by the Secretary of State (see below) vi) for the purposes of functions that a person has in their capacity as a person in the service of His Majesty. 2.40 Section 37(3) of the 2006 Act provides a further defence for businesses to import realistic imitation firearms for the purpose of modifying them so that they cease to be realistic imitation firearms. 2.41 The Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 (Realistic Imitation Firearms) Regulations 2007 (SI 2007/2606) provides two further defences which apply to an offence under section 36 of the 2006 Act. The first is a defence for making a realistic imitation firearm available for Ôpermitted activitiesÕ, defined as Òthe acting out of military or law enforcement scenarios for the purposes of recreationÓ and primarily intended to cover those participating in airsoft skirmishing. It is a requirement under the regulations that third party liability insurance is held in connection with such activities. The second is a defence for display of realistic imitation firearms at a Ôpermitted eventÕ, defined as a commercial event at which firearms or realistic imitation firearms (or both) are offered for sale or displayed (i.e. arms fairs). 2.42 The Regulations also specify that those relying on the historical re-enactment defence must have third party liability insurance in connection with the organisation and holding of historical re-enactments. Where a person indicates that they wish to buy a realistic imitation firearm for airsoft skirmishing, retailers should seek to determine that the prospective buyer holds third party liability insurance in connection with the organisation and holding of the recreational acting out of military or law enforcement scenarios. In many cases airsoft players will be members of clubs which