response to the recommendation (the Òinitial responseÓ), and (b) unless subsection (5) applies, a report on things done during the implementation period by the recipient in response to the recommendation (Òthe implementation reportÓ). (3) The initial response must set outÑ (a) details of what the recipient has done or proposes to do in response to the recommendation, or (a) Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 23 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (b) if the recipient has not done, and does not intend to do, anything in response to the recommendation, the reasons for that. (4) The implementation report must set out details ofÑ (a) what the recipient has done in response to the recommendation since receiving the recommendation, and (b) anything else that the recipient proposes to do in response to the recommendation. (5) This subsection applies where the initial response states that the recipientÑ (a) has already done all of the things that the recipient proposes to do in response to the recommendation, or (b) does not intend to do anything in response to the recommendation. (6) The recipient must give the CommissionerÑ (a) the initial response withinÑ (i) the period of 8 weeks beginning with the day on which the recipient receives the recommendation, or (ii) such other period as is specified by the Commissioner in the report mentioned in subsection (1), (b) any implementation report as soon as reasonably practicable after the end of the implementation period. (7) The recipient must, as soon as reasonably practicable after it is given to the Commissioner, give a copy of the initial response or implementation report toÑ (a) the Authority (where the recipient is the chief constable), (b) the chief constable (where the recipient is the Authority), (c) His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland, and (d) the Scottish Ministers. (8) The Commissioner must, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving the initial response or implementation report, give a copy of it to any person (other than a person mentioned in subsection (7)) to whom the report mentioned in subsection (1) was given. (9) In this section, the Òimplementation periodÓ meansÑ (a) the period of 12 months beginning with the day on which the recipient receives the recommendation, or (b) such other period as is specified by the Commissioner in the report mentioned in subsection (1). 41L Publication of responses to recommendations (1) Subsections (2) and (3) apply where the Authority or the chief constable gives the CommissionerÑ (a) an initial response under section 41K(2)(a), or (b) an implementation report under section 41K(2)(b). (2) The Commissioner must, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving the response or report, publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (2) 24 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred