the Secretary of State (including costs attributable to the work of officials of the Secretary of State), and the legal or other costs incurred by any members of the security executive group or any of the relevant persons. 24AR Dispute resolution: appeals and enforcement etc. A relevant person may appeal to the High Court against— any requirement imposed on the person under section 24AO(3), or any declaration, determination or order of the Secretary of State under section 24AQ which affects that person. Any requirement imposed under section 24AO(3) or 24AP(7), and any declaration, determination or order made under section 24AQ, may, with the permission of the High Court, be enforced as if it were a judgment of the High Court (and may, in particular, be enforced by the use of powers in relation to contempt of court). In the application of this section to Scotland, references to the High Court are to be read as references to the Court of Session. General and supplemental 24AS Power to except or modify The Secretary of State may by order provide that this Part— does not apply in relation to a specified aerodrome in respect of which any directions under section 12, 13, 13A or 14 are in force, or applies in relation to such an aerodrome with specified modifications. In subsection (1) “specified” means specified in the order. The power to make an order under this section is exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. 24AT Interpretation In this Part— “aerodrome” is to be construed in accordance with section 24AA(2); “aerodrome security plan” has the meaning given by section 24AE(2); “dispute about security planning for an aerodrome”, “dispute about the contents of an aerodrome security plan” and “dispute about the implementation of an aerodrome security plan” have the meanings given by section 24AM(2) to (4); “relevant persons”, in relation to an aerodrome, means the persons mentioned in section 24AE(4); “relevant police area”, in relation to an aerodrome, means the police area in which the aerodrome is wholly or mainly situated; Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 119 “risk advisory group”, in relation to an aerodrome, means the group established for the aerodrome in accordance with section 24AB; “risk report”, in relation to an aerodrome, has the meaning given by section 24AC(2); “security executive group”, in relation to an aerodrome, means the group established for the aerodrome in accordance with section 24AG; “security measure”, in relation to an aerodrome,