practicable, be such as to avoidÑ (a) any conflict with the offenderÕs religious beliefs, (b) any interference with the times, if any, at which the offender normally works or attends any educational establishment, and (c) any conflict with any other court order or injunction to which the offender may be subject (but see section 349).Ó (3) In section 347 (sexual harm prevention order: matters to be specified)Ñ (a) in subsection (1)(a), after ÒprohibitionsÓ insert Òand requirementsÓ, (b) in subsection (1)(b)Ñ (i) after Òeach prohibitionÓ insert Òor requirementÓ, and (ii) for ÒÒprohibition periodÓÓ substitute ÒÒspecified periodÓÓ, (c) in subsection (2)Ñ (i) in the words before paragraph (a), for Òprohibition periodÓ substitute Òspecified periodÓ, and (ii) in paragraph (b), after ÒprohibitionÓ insert Òor requirementÓ, and (d) in subsection (3), after ÒprohibitionsÓ, in both places it occurs, insert Òor requirementsÓ. (4) After section 347 insertÑ (2) 208 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò347A Sexual harm prevention orders: requirements included in order etc. (1) A sexual harm prevention order that imposes a requirement to do something on an offender must specify a person who is to be responsible for supervising compliance with the requirement. The person may be an individual or an organisation. (2) Before including such a requirement in a sexual harm prevention order, the court must receive evidence about its suitability and enforceability fromÑ (a) the individual to be specified under subsection (1), if an individual is to be specified; (b) an individual representing the organisation to be specified under subsection (1), if an organisation is to be specified. (3) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply in relation to electronic monitoring requirements (see instead section 348A(5) and (6)). (4) It is the duty of a person specified under subsection (1)Ñ (a) to make any necessary arrangements in connection with the requirements for which the person has responsibility (Òthe relevant requirementsÓ); (b) to promote the offenderÕs compliance with the relevant requirements; (c) if the person considers thatÑ (i) the offender has complied with all the relevant requirements, or (ii) the offender has failed to comply with a relevant requirement, to inform the appropriate chief officer of police. (5) In subsection (4)(c) the Òappropriate chief officer of police meansÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area in which it appears to the person specified under subsection (1) that the offender lives, or (b) if it appears to that person that the offender lives in more