that the surveillance cameras are there to protect the public is incentive enough for complying with the code. 2. Tools to show how your organisation complies with the code The commissioner has developed a number of tools that make it easier for organisations to show how they comply with the code. If these tools are used effectively, organisations will be able to demonstrate compliance with the code and give the public confidence that their surveillance cameras are being used proportionately, transparently and effectively. 2.1 Self assessment tool We have developed an easy-to-use self assessment tool (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/surveillance-camera-code-of-practice-self- assessment-tool) to help organisations that use surveillance cameras identify if they are complying with the code. Organisations can assess what they are doing well and develop an action plan to improve any areas that fall short of compliance. Once completed, organisations are encouraged to publish this on their website. 2.2 Certification scheme Following on from the self assessment tool, the commissioner has developed a 2 step certification process (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/surveillance- camera-code-of-practice-third-party-certification-scheme) which is delivered by bodies accredited by the United Kingdom Accreditation Service. The certification process is available to any organisation that operates surveillance cameras in a public space. This could be a small or large organisation that wants to show compliance with the code and demonstrate good practice. Certification will reassure the public that a surveillance camera scheme is there to support a community and not spy on them. 3. How to use the tools 3.1 Steps for local authorities, district or town and parish councils Stage 1 Initially, the certification scheme focuses on town centre public space CCTV systems. The Surveillance Camera Commissioner would like all such systems to achieve certification. This will demonstrate compliance to the code and reassure the public that such surveillance camera schemes are transparent, efficient and effective. For main town centre systems, local authorities are encouraged to: complete the self assessment tool on their main town centre system take remedial action as soon as possible if the if the tool highlights a number of actions submit the tool to a certification body for step 1 certification (which lasts 1 year) once actions have been completed apply for full certification before step 1 certification expires Stage 2 After the main town centre system has been certified, local authorities are recommended to: nominate a single point of contact to identify all other surveillance camera systems being used in the local authority complete a self assessment tool for all of these surveillance camera systems publicise all self assessment tools on public space schemes submit their completed self assessment tool for any larger schemes such as housing, transport, environment for step 1 certification apply for full certification on those larger schemes before step 1 certification expires Local authorities are recommended to appoint a nominated senior responsible officer (SRO) to oversee compliance. This SRO should determine if the size and scale of the systems are worthy to go through the certification process. The SRO needs to be pragmatic as this will depend upon