paragraph (c)(ii) is laid and must, in particular, do so if any of the things mentioned in paragraphs (a) or (b) of section 36A(4) have been significantly revised, and (c) following such a review, mustÑ (i) revise the code of ethics, or (ii) lay a statement before the Scottish Parliament of the reasons why, having undertaken a review, the chief constable has concluded that there is no need to revise it. (3) Section 36A(2) to (5) and subsections (1) and (2) apply to a revised code of ethics as they apply to the code of ethics prepared under section 36A(1). (4) The chief constable must, when laying a copy of a revised code of ethics before the Scottish Parliament, also lay a statement before the Parliament whichÑ (a) summarises any representations made during consultation under subsection (1), (b) where any representation has not resulted in a revision to the code of ethics, gives reasons for that. (5) The Scottish Ministers may by regulations modify schedule 2ZA byÑ (a) adding a person, or (b) removing, or modifying the description of, a person for the time being mentioned there.Ó. (3) In section 10(1) (constableÕs declaration), after Òimpartiality,Ó insert Òthat I will follow the Code of Ethics for Policing in ScotlandÓ. (4) In section 17 (chief constableÕs responsibility for the policing of Scotland)Ñ (a) in subsection (2), after paragraph (d), insertÑ Ò(da) is to prepare the Code of Ethics for Policing in Scotland (see section 36A),Ó, 4 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 4A Ð Code of ethics Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (b) in subsection (4)(a), after Òpolicing principlesÓ insert Òand the Code of Ethics for Policing in ScotlandÓ. (5) In section 125 (subordinate legislation), after subsection (2), insertÑ Ò(2A) Regulations under section 36B(5) are subject to the affirmative procedure.Ó. (6) After schedule 2, insertÑ ÒSCHEDULE 2ZA (introduced by section 36B) PERSONS TO BE CONSULTED IN RESPECT OF THE CODE OF ETHICS FOR POLICING IN SCOTLAND 1 The Scottish Ministers. 2 The Lord Advocate. 3 His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland. 4 The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner. 5 The Scottish Commission for Human Rights. 6 The Commission for Equality and Human Rights. 7 The joint central committee of the Police Federation for Scotland. 8 Such persons as appear to the chief constable to be representative of senior officers. 9 Such persons as appear to the chief constable to be representative of superintendents (including chief superintendents). 10 Such persons as appear to the chief constable to represent the collective interests of police staff. 11 Such persons as appear to the chief constable to represent groups of individual constables or members of police staff, or both, characterised by reference to one or more of the following characteristicsÑ (a) disability, (b) race, colour, nationality, or ethnic or national origins, (c) religion, (d) sex, (e) sexual orientation, (f)