and the person pulled by it, then it is too long. This means that the development/growing of a beard must take place during rest days or annual leave. Where an individual needs to maintain a long beard for diversity needs, this will be accommodated subject to a risk assessment being undertaken in relation to the specific role. Eyebrow hair must not be shaved or styled to portray any pattern or design. Non uniformed officers and staff should reflect the professional image of Wiltshire Police. Armed Policing This section applies only where an officer is an Armed Policing Authorised Firearms Officer (AFO) (inc ARV-O) or National Firearms InstructorÕs (NFI) and there is reasonable likelihood that individual may be deployed as part of the operational Armed Policing capability, or as an Armed Officer in response to any operational incident. Officers must parade at the commencement of each duty as clean shaven with no stubble or beard growth. Moustaches may be worn provided they are neatly groomed and do not extend beyond the upper lip or give rise to a reason to believe that it may pose a risk of interference with the seal of the respirator of a type approved and issued to AFO/NFI. Table of Contents Officers must not parade wearing hair, including sideburns, in manner that would give rise to a reason to believe that it may pose a risk of interference with the seal of the respirator of a type approved and issued to AFO/NFI - Side burns must not extend below the lower portion of the ear and earlobe. Officers must not parade wearing cosmetic products, including makeup, gels and creams applied to the face, nor apply such products during the course of their duties. An exception is permitted for the application of cosmetic products to the eyelids, nose and mouth (inc. lips) provided it complies with other sections of this policy and provided it does not give rise to a reason to believe that it may pose a risk of interference with the seal of the respirator of a type approved and issued to AFO/NFI. No officer may parade, or wear at any time whilst on duty, any other jewellery, adornment or any other thing on or around the face, head or neck in circumstances where there is reason to believe that it may pose a risk of interference with the seal of the respirator of a type approved and issued to AFO/NFI. Exceptions to the AFO/NFI policy may be permitted in the following circumstances; • Where compliance with this policy would lead to discrimination against a person with a protected characteristic. (subject to a risk assessment being undertaken) • Where a Medial Exception has been sought and approved (see process below) A person may seek medical exception from the AFO/NFI policy via the below process. • Consultation with Occupational Health • Force Medical Advisor advice must be sought and provided to Armed Policing Portfolio Inspector. • Armed Policing Portfolio Inspector will review and authorise or decline