(7) The warrant may authorise entry to and search of premises on more than one occasion if, on the application, the justice of the peace is satisfied that it is necessary to authorise multiple entries in order to achieve the purpose for which the justice of the peace issues the warrant. (8) If the warrant authorises multiple entries, the number of entries authorised may be unlimited, or limited to a maximum. (9) A constable mayÑ (a) seize and retain anything for which a search has been authorised under subsection (1), and (b) if necessary, use reasonable force in the exercise of a power conferred by a warrant issued under this section. (10) The power to issue a warrant conferred by this section is in addition to any such power otherwise conferred. (11) In this section, section 56 and Schedule 6 Òrelevant human remainsÓ means the body or any other human remains ofÑ (a) a person who the constable making the application reasonably believes to have died in England and Wales but whose death has not been registered under section 15 of the Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953, (b) a person whose death has been registered under that Act following an investigation under section 1(5) of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009, or (c) a person in respect of whom a declaration has been made under section 2 of the Presumption of Death Act 2013. (12) In this section, section 56 and Schedule 6 the following expressions have the same meaning as in the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984Ñ (a) Òitems subject to legal privilegeÓ (see section 10 of that Act); (b) Òexcluded materialÓ (see section 11 of that Act); (c) Òspecial procedure materialÓ (see section 14 of that Act); (d) ÒpremisesÓ (see section 23 of that Act). 64 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 56 Special procedure for access to material relating to human remains (1) Schedule 6 makes provision for a constable to obtain access to excluded material or special procedure material that consists of, or relates to the location of, relevant human remains. (2) Section 4 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Process) Act 1881 (which includes provision for the execution of process of English and Welsh courts in Scotland) and section 29 of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act 1851 (which makes equivalent provision for execution in Northern Ireland) apply to any process issued by a judge under Schedule 6 to this Act as they apply to process