do so. However, this power to require attendance should only be used by the Category 1 responders where the item for discussion is relevant to the Category 2 responder. 60 regulation 4(9)(b) 61 regulation 4(9)(a) PAGE 38 2.78. Whether a matter is of relevance or not will be determined by the Category 2 responder or its representative organisation in conversation with the LRF secretary. In cases of dispute Ð where the LRF chair can demonstrate that he or she has the agreement for this course of action of all the Category 1 responders in the local resilience area62Ð the LRF chair can require the Category 2 responder or its representative to attend. 2.79. Category 2 responders are, of course, entitled to attend any of these meetings of the LRF, its working group, sub-groups and task and finish groups if they 2.53. wish to do so.63 Membership of these groups is determined by the LRF chief officer group and Category 2 responders should be encouraged to attend them when relevant issues are tabled. Category 1 and 2 responders and information sharing 2.80. A particular aspect of co-operation examined in Annex A is the impact on Category 2.53. 2 responders of requests for information from Category 1 responders. 64 (Such requests can be directed at fellow Category 1 responders too, who may also benefit from a managed approach.) Annex A identifies two areas of major impact: o information required for the Community Risk Register; 65 and o information from infrastructure operators and main suppliers about business continuity risks. 66 A number of other areas are identified where the impact is intermittent or minor, but they should be recognised and addressed. 62 regulation 4(10)(b)(i) 63 regulation 4(10)(b)(ii) 64 regulation 47 65 regulation 15, 66 regulation 18, 19, PAGE 39 2.81. Requests for information Ð between Category 1s and Category 1s, Category 1s and Category 2s, Category 2s and Category 2s, and Category 1s and the voluntary sector Ð are suitable for a managed approach because: o the demands of a number of responder organisations are similar; o the volume of demands is great and can usefully be spread out or, alternatively, concentrated, or reduced; and o the capacity of partners to meet demand is limited. It is essential that civil protection partners seeking information from Category 2 responders (and other Category 1 responders and the voluntary sector) respect the difficulties that may be caused for the organisation receiving the request and refrain from an Òall with allÓ approach67as far as possible (see also Chapter 3 on Information Sharing). Protocols relating to information sharing have been developed in some local resilience areas to ease the difficulties. A proposal for a more comprehensive protocol governing all aspects of co-operation is made in the next section. 2.82. Even so, occasions remain when direct contact between local responders, one-on-one, to seek and provide information remains appropriate, as the Act requires. Category 1s, Category 2s and the voluntary sector, LRFs and multi-LRFs: ÒThe Right Issue, at the Right