safety training All custody staff must be trained in personal safety in accordance with ACPO (2012) Personal Safety Manual of Guidance (available via College Learn to registered users). Forces should make additional provision for joint training for groups of custody staff who regularly work together. Forces must make full personal safety training and personal safety refresher training available to custody officers and staff as appropriate to their role. Equality Act 2010 All staff should be trained to understand their obligations and duties under this Act. First aid training The Police First Aid Learning Programme (FALP) (available via College Learn to registered users) has five modules: module 1 FALP – basic life support module 2 FALP – first aid skills initial training module 3 FALP – custody first aid module 4 FALP – first aid skills initial and requalification module 5 FALP – first aid enhanced skills Police custody staff must receive training to at least modules 2 and 3 before taking up post in a custody suite. Refresher training must be completed at least every 12 months. First aid training for contracted staff All private contracts for custody staff must require contract custody staff to be trained to the same standard required for police staff. Under some existing contractual arrangements, contracted custody staff may not be trained, or adequately trained, in first aid. In such cases, contracts for custody staff should require contract custody staff to immediately report any identified need for urgent first aid to the custody officer. The custody officer will then arrange for the necessary first aid to be provided. Health and safety training All officers and staff must be trained to meet their obligations under health and safety legislation. Initial health and safety training must be specific to the role and give an overview of health and safety legislation. Clear lines of designated responsibility, thorough risk assessment and handover briefings are essential to protect the safety of detainees and custody staff. Information recorded on the custody record must be clear, accurate and completed in a timely manner. Cleaning Custody suites should have hygiene control measures similar to those found in hospitals for the control of MRSA and other infections. This includes using hygiene wipes and hand scrubs. Staff must be trained to use them properly. Food hygiene certification All staff preparing food supplied to others should hold a food hygiene certificate, unless the preparation is purely reheating sealed or pre-cooked items. Contingency planning Forces should establish protocols with other emergency services and develop local procedures that cover responsibilities for emergency situations in custody. Forces should establish contingency plans for dealing with: major incidents resulting in a high volume of arrests activation of Operation Safeguard (use of police cells to hold Home Office prisoners), or a dramatic increase in prison lock-outs death or serious injury in custody bomb threat terrorist detainees high-profile detainees likely to attract media and public attention other sensitive detainees fires chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear incidents Evacuation Contingency plans for evacuating a custody