by the Secretary of State under this paragraph is to be treated as if made by the new policing body. 242 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 12 (1) The Secretary of State may direct a new policing bodyÑ (a) to modify a transfer scheme made by that body, and (b) to submit such a scheme to the Secretary of State for approval. (2) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (5) of paragraph 10 apply to a direction under sub- paragraph (1) of this paragraph as they apply to a direction under sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 10. (3) In the application of paragraph 10(2) to (5) by virtue of sub-paragraph (2)Ñ (a) references to paragraph 10(1)(b) have effect as references to sub- paragraph (1)(b) of this paragraph; (b) references to the making of a scheme have effect as references to the modification of a scheme; (c) references to a scheme have effect as references to a scheme as modified. (4) The Secretary of State may modify a transfer scheme made by a new policing body ifÑ (a) the authority does not comply with a direction given to it under sub- paragraph (1), or (b) the Secretary of State decides not to approve the modified scheme submitted by the body. (5) A scheme modified by the Secretary of State under sub-paragraph (4) is to be treated as if modified (and made) by the new policing body. (6) A scheme modified in accordance with this paragraph is to be deemed for all purposes to have come into force with those modifications. Staff 13 (1) A transfer scheme may provide for a person employed by the new policing body to becomeÑ (a) a member of the civilian staff of the police force, or (b) a member of staff of a local authority. (2) The scheme may provide that a contract of employment which the person had before becoming a member of the civilian staff of a police force is to have effect (subject to any modifications) as if originally made between that person and the chief officer. (3) The scheme may provide that a contract of employment which the person had before becoming a member of the staff of a local authority is to have effect (subject to any modifications) as if originally made between that person and that local authority. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 243 14 (1) A transfer scheme may provide, in the