or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 11 Reports to the Secretary of State (1) As soon as practicable after the end of each of [F65the Office's] financial years, the [F66Director General and the Office must jointly] make a report to the Secretary of State on the carrying out of [F67their] functions during that year. [F68(2) The Secretary of State may also require reports to be made (at any time)Ñ (a) by the Director General about the carrying out of the Director General's functions, (b) by the Office about the carrying out of the Office's functions, or (c) jointly by the Director General and the Office about the carrying out of their functions.] [F69(2A) The Director General may, from time to time, make such other reports to the Secretary of State as the Director General considers appropriate for drawing the Secretary of State's attention to matters whichÑ (a) have come to the Director General's notice, and (b) are matters which the Director General considers should be drawn to the attention of the Secretary of State by reason of their gravity or of other exceptional circumstances.] (3) The [F70Office] may, from time to time, make such other reports to the Secretary of State as it considers appropriate for drawing his attention to matters whichÑ (a) have come to the [F71Office's] notice; and (b) are matters that it considers should be drawn to his attention by reason of their gravity or of other exceptional circumstances. [F72(3A) The Director General and the Office may jointly make reports under subsections (2A) and (3).] (4) The [F73Director General] shall prepare such reports containing advice and recommendations as [F74the Director General] thinks appropriate for the purpose of carrying outÑ (a) [F75the Director General's] function under subsection (1)(e) of section 10; or (b) any corresponding function conferred on [F74the Director General] by virtue of subsection (1)(f) of that section. (5) Where the Secretary of State receives any report under this section, he shallÑ (a) in the case of every annual report under subsection (1), and (b) in the case of any other report, if and to the extent that he considers it appropriate to do so, lay a copy of the report before Parliament and cause the report to be published. (6) The [F76Office] shall send a copy of every annual report under subsection (1)Ñ (a) to every [F77local policing body]; F78(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with