publishing a core set of tenant satisfaction measures for all social landlords. These should follow the themes set out in the social housing Green Paper, widely supported by tenants, around properties being in good repair, building safety, engagement and neighbourhood management, including measures on anti- social behaviour. They should include both objective quantitative measures and tenant perception measures. 17. These measures will provide tenants with greater transparency about their landlordÕs performance. They will also inform the regulator about how the landlord is complying with the consumer standards under a proactive consumer regulation regime. The regulator should consider the best way of publishing measures so that they are clear and accessible for all tenants, and how to ensure landlords publicise them, but we would expect an annual statement to be provided to every tenant as a minimum and, unless there are special reasons, for technology to be used (such as an app) to provide this more directly and accessibly. 18. We have worked with groups across the sector including tenant representatives, landlords, trade bodies and the regulator to develop the draft set of tenant satisfaction measures set out in Box A. We expect the regulator to do further work, engaging with tenants and landlords, to finalise these and embed them within the regulatory system. The importance of careful design of the tenant satisfaction measures was highlighted in responses to the Call for Evidence about the regulatory regime for social housing. Many respondents expressed concern about the comparability of different landlords and the regulator will need to consider this. The regulator will also work with the Building Safety Regulator as it develops performance standards and reporting requirements as part of the new building safety regime for higher-risk buildings. 8 Inside Housing Chief Executive Staff Survey 2020 (23 October 2020) https://www.insidehousing.co.uk/insight/insight/inside-housing-chief-executive-salary-survey-2020-68245 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 21 ÒWe want to ensure a culture change whereby landlords are more open with residents, beyond the information provided through tenant satisfaction measures.Ó 22 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 19. In addition, we will expect landlords to publish three financial measures alongside these tenant satisfaction measures, providing clear and accessible information on how much landlords are spending on administrative costs and executive remuneration (see Box B). These will not inform the regulatorÕs consumer regulation activity but will be made available for tenantsÕ information. The regulator separately considers the effectiveness and efficiency of private registered providers through its Value for Money standard, as part of its economic regulation regime. Box B: Draft Financial Measures Theme Draft financial measures Executive remuneration Chief Executive or equivalent salary, relative to the size of the landlord Executive remuneration, relative to the size of the landlord Efficiency and effectiveness Management costs, relative to the size of the landlord New access to information scheme 20. We want to ensure a culture change whereby landlords are more open with tenants, beyond the information provided through tenant satisfaction measures. Local authority tenants can already