be confused with the emergency plan, which is a statement of what you will do if there is a fire. The plan of action should include what you intend to do to reduce the hazards and risks you have identified and to implement the necessary protection measures. You will need to prioritise these actions to ensure that any findings which identify people in immediate danger are dealt with straight away, e.g. unlocking fire exits. In other cases where people are not in immediate danger but action is still necessary, it may be acceptable to plan this over a period of time. Before admitting the public to your premises you need to ensure that all of your fire safety provisions are in place and in working order, or, if not, that alternative arrangements are in place. Constant checks are needed while the public are present, and again after they have left. Detailed recommendations are given in BS 5588-12.52 The guidance in Part 2 provides additional information to: • ensure good fire safety management by helping you establish your fire prevention measures, fire precautions and fire safety procedures (systems equipment and plans); and • assist you to carry out your fire safety risk assessment and identify any issues that need attention. • Section 1 Further guidance on fire risks and preventative measures This section provides further information on evaluating the risk of a fire and its prevention in your premises. You should spend time developing long-term workable and effective strategies to reduce hazards and the risk of a fire starting. At its simplest this means separating flammable materials from ignition sources. You should consider: • housekeeping; • storage; • dangerous substances storage, display and use; • equipment and machinery; • electrical safety; • smoking; • managing building work and alterations; • existing layout and construction; • particular hazards in corridors and stairways used as escape routes; • insulated core panels; • restricting the spread of fire and smoke; • fire-resisting structures; • arson; and • help for people with special needs. 1.1 Housekeeping Good housekeeping will lower the chances of a fire starting, so the accumulation of combustible materials in all premises should be monitored carefully. Good housekeeping is essential to reduce the chances of escape routes and fire doors being blocked or obstructed. Keep waste material in suitable containers before it is removed from the premises. If bins, particularly wheeled bins, are used outside, secure them in a compound to prevent them being moved to a position next to the building and set on fire. Never place skips against a building (Figure 13) Ð they should normally be a minimum of 6m away from any part of 40 the premises. If you generate a considerable quantity of combustible waste material then you may need to develop a formal plan to manage this effectively. In higher risk areas you need to make sure arrangements are in place for close down, e.g. checking all appliances are turned off and combustible waste has been