(meeting with local residents, moving children away from crime hotspots, etc). These two approaches to policing ‘value’ exist in parallel to each other and ultimately are in competition with each other for resources (although the current incarnation of BVPIs make slightly more of an attempt at including community elements, to be discussed later). While success in a community policing approach may not actually be felt for several years as the changes take root and are not easily quantified, immediate and measurable outcomes can be gained from the more traditional policing methods (Herrington and Millie 2006). And it is by success in these latter activities that police services are measured and ultimately praised for their ‘effectiveness’, thus inadvertently encouraging more orientation towards them and less towards the vague, immeasurable and long-term solutions afforded by community policing (Fielding and Innes 2006). The central UK government is in effect encouraging two competing policing ideologies, but reserving most of its praise (in terms of judging the ‘effectiveness and efficiency’ of a police force) for the one that relies upon traditional, reactionary policing methods. Police officers themselves are aware of this tension and of the pressure upon the police force to adhere to both ideologies (while community policing might be being dropped in some forces in the US, it is still a national priority in the UK, more on this later). The above points to an inherent problem of community policing mentioned before: it largely works in conflict with traditional policing methods, culture and ethos. But after more than 20 years of COP, in one form or another in the US and UK, can some changes be detected in the overall institution to address this? Surely some efforts are being made to sell the idea to new recruits? Chappell (2007) discusses police training in the US and reports that while training in the academy has started to incorporate community policing elements, these are largely missing from new recruits’ experiences in field training. The former is largely classroom based training while the latter involves the new officer out in public with a field training officer, a logical place to build upon the techniques learned at the academy. However, as Chappell argues, the field training method used in most police forces (San Jose model) has been largely unchanged since its inception in the 1970s, despite being designed to adapt to the local priorities of the agency using it. This is attributed to difficulties in changing the structure and priorities of bureaucratic police institutions, field training officers focusing on ‘the basics’, and cultural resistance to community policing. Peace (2006) analyses the initial induction period by evaluating how well andragogy is employed in training probationary officers in England and Wales and if this is successfully applied to furthering community policing skills. Andragogy theory stipulates that adults learn differently than children and has been adopted by the police service as a guiding principle for its trainers. It can also fit very well with developing skills that support a community-orientated policing