for an employer that does not offer a retirement plan.1 Many employers, especially small businesses, face cost barriers when offering retirement plans.2 About 32 million workers in small businesses did not have access to a retirement plan, compared to about 23 million in businesses with 100 or more workers.2 Workers who are not provided with a retirement plan must open their own Individual Retirement Arrangement (IRA). According to research by Life Insurance Marketing and Research Association Secure Retirement Institute, only 34% of Americans know about IRAs, and 46% of those who do not own an IRA reported that they do not understand enough about IRAs.3 Given the lack of financial literacy, these populations are at a greater risk of financial insecurity in old age. Marginalized individuals like low-wage workers, small businesses, part-time workers, and gig economy workers are typically the most affected by financial insecurity when entering older age. Without access to a retirement plan, these workers are exposed to an increased risk of financial struggle, further contributing to the wealth gap. Such a deficit in retirement funds greatly affects the overall economy. PEW Charitable Trust data estimated that six states cumulatively faced a $334.3 billion shortfall due to a lack of or inadequate retirement savings.4 Various policy efforts have attempted to address this gap. State- level automatic IRAs have been implemented across eleven states, and efforts have progressed, but national implementation has yet to occur. The implementation of federal automatic IRAs is urgently needed for the millions of Americans whose financial futures are in jeopardy. Policy idea The U.S. Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) should implement automatic IRAs for employees whose company/employer does not offer a retirement plan. The Treasury would oversee the policy framework and manage the infrastructure of the program, while the IRS would handle the enrollment and compliance aspects. The structure of the program will be based on existing statesÕ automatic IRA programs to ensure fluidity.5 Employers would enroll workers into a government-managed IRA via social security numbers, with 3- 8% of the employeeÕs salary automatically deducted. Workers could opt out or adjust contributions for flexibility. Employers would facilitate enrollment and payroll deduction, lowering administrative barriers. Compliant employers would receive tax credits to encourage participation. Workers would retain accounts even if they change jobs, ensuring continued contributions. Policy Analysis Historically, research has consistently demonstrated that automatic IRA enrollment boosts participation. Research, including projections from the National Bureau of Economic Research, indicates that when eligible workers are automatically enrolled, participation rates climb significantlyÑfrom around 66% to 92%.6 These results suggest that this policy will dramatically enhance savings among workers without current access to employer- sponsored plans and ease the burden of establishing voluntary retirement plans. This federal initiative takes inspiration from successful state-run programs, such as CaliforniaÕs CalSavers. CalSavers automatically enrolls employees who do not have retirement plans at work, making it easier for them to save through options with low administrative demands and portability across jobs. Evaluations of CalSavers show a rapid