learning. Ideally, this would be accredited in a recognisable and portable way. In doing this it could also provide an entry-point and repository for online learning aimed at teachers, complementing the work of bodies such as the NCCE, and it would encourage the growing national community of product managers retooling for the future in AI. Either separately, or integrated into the Academy, a Ôdata skills observatoryÕ to identify and address the on-going and evolving data skills deficit function that would otherwise hinder AI innovation would also be needed. While the AcademyÕs main objective would be to enable more people to live and work with AI, it would also be well placed to help connect and support local initiatives involving public engagement and public dialogue as part of responsible innovation in new AI deployments, including moonshots. This sustained and distributed resource, rather than, say, a single educational or promotional campaign, would be an integral part of negotiating the benefits and the risks of AI across different applications and publics and finding new forms of settlement and new narratives. It would help to ensure that trustworthy information, in relevant and accessible forms, informed public narratives on AI across sectors and applications. It would need to be able to reach into the forefront of research, development and innovation, such as through the Turing, and to connect people and information for discussions on opportunities, the distribution of benefits and of risks, shortcomings and uncertainties. This kind of resource would in turn underpin the regulatory infrastructure that is outlined in the next section, by ensuring that public debates were consistently well-informed. 18 Welcoming world-class Turing AI Fellows to the Institute, The Alan Turing Institute (October 2019) 19 New Turing AI fellows to deliver world-class AI research, UKRI (November 2020) 20 Short, online courses can unblock gender and other diversity issues in digital skills education, Institute of Coding (September 2020) 17 3. Data, Infrastructure and Public Trust deployment of suitable privacy enhancing technologies.22 This should be furthered by accelerating work on translating the intent of a data sharing agreement into an actionable legal framework, and establishing guidelines for legal frameworks around different data sharing structures such as trusts, cooperatives and contracts. It will be important to note that while some AI systems will continue to rely on access to the largest possible data sets, volume should not be the only priority for schemes to promote access: some of the next generation of AI technologies will be licences where possible, working better with multi-modal data (big data, small data, noisy data, unstructured data) and enforcing an agreed supporting framework on what it means ethically and for society to share data for research purposes, and who owns it. Ultimately, developers of AI applications ought to consider the opening and sharing of research, analytics and data at the fundamental design stage. This should include encouraging digital research, development and innovation infrastructure, software and tools to be open and standardised; providing access The UK should aspire to be the best