to avoid unnecessary delays in the process. For example, applicants may focus on a few well- documented examples that provide evidence that the respondent has been involved in gang- related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing in the local area. Where there is proof beyond reasonable doubt that an individual has been involved in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing, applicants should be liaising with the appropriate authorities to see whether they can assist in providing evidence for prosecution under criminal law. 7.2. Evidence for Ôwith noticeÕ hearings In compiling evidence for a Ôwith noticeÕ application, applicants are advised to provide a general background on the respondent and their history of gang involvement, as well as evidence of specific incidents of gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. It is good practice to use consultations with appropriate local authorities, police forces, YOTs (for 14 to 17 year olds or those recently turned 18 years of age) and other partners to gather evidence in support of an injunction application. 8 The Civil Procedure Rules (ÔCPRÕ) are available at http://www.justice.gov.uk/civil/procrules_fin/menus/rules.htm. 18 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 7.3. Evidence for Ôwithout noticeÕ hearings ÔWithout noticeÕ applications are likely to be made in response to specific threats of violence or gang-related drug dealing, and applicants are therefore unlikely to have adequate time to put together an extensive evidence pack before the hearing. Given that Ôwithout noticeÕ applications may be made in urgent circumstances and to tight timetables, the requirement to consult with appropriate local partners before the initial hearing is waived. However, applicants must ensure full consultation has taken place by the first hearing. Time constraints will probably mean that the evidence will be brief, but applicants would usually be expected to show the court that they have intelligence relating to a specific threat or expected act of violence. It is likely that the evidence applicants present will be in written form, and this can include written witness statements. Regardless of any time constraints, it is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure that any evidence presented at a Ôwithout noticeÕ hearing is relevant, correct and complete. 7.4. Admissible forms of evidence It is a matter for the court to decide what evidence is relevant or admissible in any particular case. However the court can determine that a wide range of evidence may be used by applicants, for example: • direct evidence from witnesses (witness statements); • hearsay evidence from community members and/or police officers; • documentary evidence; • statements from professional witnesses (for example council officials or health professionals) or other expert evidence; • photographic, video or CCTV evidence, screen captures of gang membersÕ internet pages; • previous relevant arrests or convictions; • items seized during searches, such as clothing which identifies a respondent with a particular gang, evidence of communication with other gang members, evidence of drug dealing etc.9 Although the court will decide in each case what evidence is relevant or admissible, it is advisable that applicants