But if the vehicle is in a garden or yard or other land occupied with and used for the purposes of a dwelling, the customs officer, constable or accredited financial investigator may exercise the powers under subsection (1D) only if the officer, constable or investigator has reasonable grounds for believing— that the suspect does not reside in the dwelling, and that the vehicle is not in the place in question with the express or implied permission of a person who resides in the dwelling. (1D) The customs officer, constable or accredited financial investigator may, so far as the officer, constable or investigator thinks it necessary or expedient, require the suspect to— permit entry to the vehicle, permit a search of the vehicle. (1E) Cash falls within this subsection if— it is recoverable property or is intended by any person for use in unlawful conduct, and the amount of it is not less than the minimum amount.” In subsection (4) for the words from “exercising” to the end substitute “may— in exercising powers by virtue of subsection (1D), detain the vehicle for so long as is necessary for their exercise, in exercising powers by virtue of subsection (3)(b), detain the suspect for so long as is necessary for their exercise.” In subsection (5)(c) for the words from “premises” to the end substitute “the following — premises in England, Wales or Northern Ireland (in the case of subsection (1)), vehicles and suspects in England, Wales or Northern Ireland (in the case of subsections (1D) and (4)(a)), suspects in England, Wales or Northern Ireland (in the case of subsections (2), (3) and (4)(b)).” Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 87 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Detention of seized cash In section 295(2)(a) of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) (period for which court may authorise further detention of seized cash) for “three months” substitute “ six months ”. The amendment made by subsection (1) applies in relation to cash seized before or after the commencement of this section. Forfeiture of detained cash After section 297 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 insert— “Forfeiture without court order 297A Forfeiture notice Subsection (2) applies while any cash is detained in pursuance of an order under section 295(2) made by a magistrates' court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland. A senior officer may give a notice for the purpose of forfeiting the cash or any part of it if satisfied that the cash or part— is recoverable property, or is intended by any person