of sexual violence and abuse. The IDVA also referred K to a Woman’s Trust, for specialist domestic abuse counselling that was free for K to access. 212 Davies, P, Biddle, P. Domestic Abuse Serial Perpetrator Interventions. Multi Agency Tasking and Co-ordination (MATAC): Tackling perpetrators of domestic abuse. Evaluation – Final Report: 2017 Northumbria University. 213 Information on Advance and its role within the Angelou Partnership is provided on the partnership’s website. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic Homicide Reviews A Domestic Homicide Review (a ‘DHR’) under section 9(1) of the Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004 (‘the 2004 Act’) is a review of the circumstances in which the death of a person aged 16 or over has, or appears to have, resulted from violence, abuse or neglect by a person to whom they were related or with whom they were in an intimate personal relationship, or by a member of the same household. Where a victim took their own life (suicide) and the circumstances give rise to concern, such as it emerging that there was coercive controlling behaviour in the relationship, a DHR should also be carried out. Such reviews are carried out in local areas by Community Safety Partnerships (CSP), made up of one or more of the bodies and persons bodies listed in section 9(4) of the 2004 Act. The reviews are undertaken with a view to identifying the lessons to be learnt from the death, particularly regarding the way in which professionals and organisations work together to safeguard victims. When a domestic homicide occurs, the relevant police force should inform the relevant CSP in writing of the incident. Overall responsibility for establishing a review rests with the local CSP as they are ideally placed to initiate a DHR and review panel due to their multi-agency design and locations across England and Wales. CSPs are made up of representatives from some, but not all, of the ‘responsible authorities’ listed in section 5 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (‘the 1998 Act’), which have the functions set out in section 6 of the 1998 Act in relation to a local government area who work together to protect their local communities from crime. See further guidance on conducting DHRs. It is the duty of any person or organisation listed within subsection (4) of the 2004 Act to have regard to the DHR statutory guidance. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Annex A – Support Available for Victims 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline (England) – run by Refuge, freephone: 0808 2000 247. British Sign Language access from 10am - 6pm on weekdays. The website offers a live chat service between 3pm - 10pm on weekdays. Advocacy After Fatal Domestic Abuse – an organisation that supports those who have lost a family member (or friend) through fatal domestic abuse. Age UK – an organisation that supports older people and victims of elder abuse. Ask for ANI – a codeword scheme for victims to access support from the safety of