is responsible for the girl at the time of FGM occurred will be liable under this new offence. The maximum penalty for the new offence is seven yearsÕ imprisonment or a fine or both. 17. To be ÒresponsibleÓ for a girl, the person will either have parental responsibility for the girl (such as mothers, fathers married to the mothers at the time of birth and guardians) and have frequent contact with her, or where the person is aged 18 or over they will have assumed responsibility for caring for the girl Òin the manner of a parentÓ, for example family members to whom parents might send their child during the summer holidays. 18. The requirement for Òfrequent contactÓ is intended to ensure that a person who in law has parental responsibility for a girl, but who in practice has little or no contact with her, would not be liable. Similarly, the requirement that the person should be caring for the girl Òin the manner of a parentÓ is intended to ensure that a person who is looking after a girl for a very short period Ð such as a baby sitter Ð would not be liable. 19. It would be a defence for a defendant to show that at the relevant time, they did not think that there was a significant risk of FGM being committed, and could not reasonably have been expected to be aware that there was any such risk; or they took such steps as he or she could reasonably have been expected to take to protect the girl from being the victim of FGM. The onus would then be on the prosecution to prove the contrary. Female Genital Mutilation Protection Order (ÒFGMPOÓ) 20. At the Girl Summit on 22 July 2014 the Prime Minister launched a consultation on a proposal to introduce a specific civil law measure for the purpose of protecting potential or actual victims of FGM, closely modelled on the forced marriage protection orders in the Family Law Act 1996. 85% of the respondents to the consultation supported the proposal.3 21. Section 73 of the 2015 Act provides, therefore, for FGMPOs for the purposes of protecting a girl against the commission of a genital mutilation offence or protecting a girl against whom such an offence has been committed. Breach of an FGMPO would be a criminal offence with a maximum penalty of five yearsÕ imprisonment, or as a civil breach punishable by up to two yearsÕ imprisonment. 22. The court may make a FGMPO on application by the girl who is to be protected or a third party. The court must consider all the circumstances including the need to secure the health, safety, and well-being of the girl. 3 https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/female-genital-mutilation-proposal-to-introduce-a-civil- protection-order 23. Under the new provisions an FGMPO might contain such prohibitions, restrictions or other requirements for the purposes of protecting a victim or potential victim of FGM. This could include, for example, provisions to surrender a personÕs passport or any other travel document;