that provides for effective security in depth. 6.6 At the same time this security equation has to be flexible if it is to meet the security requirements arising from the need for museums to be open to the public. In addition, circumstances may inhibit the quality of some of the elements that will dictate compensation elsewhere in the equation. 6.7 Security provision for ammunition must be similar to that for firearms and the two are to be stored separately. 6.8 The very nature and scale of the collection must be taken into account in determining the extent of defensive measures. 6.1 Perimeter Security 6.9 In a minority of cases museums may benefit from some form of perimeter security in the form of walls or fences. Although it is difficult to provide totally effective perimeter defences, full advantage should be taken if any are available but making certain that a provision for vision from outside the perimeter exists and that gates are properly secured. Lighting 6.10 The use of security lighting can be a very cost effective deterrent. Use of Dusk until Dawn lighting might be considered. Physical Security 6.11 Wherever firearms are to be kept the shell of the host building and its apertures will need to have good attack resisting qualities. However, where listing for architectural merit, aesthetics or other reasons mitigates against the unfettered use of robust physical security measures, they may have to be modified and/or limited to a defined area within the building. 6.12 If firearms are to be stored (see below) or displayed in areas that feature an external wall at ground level or where there is some form of platform to mount an attack, very careful consideration will need to be given to the qualities of that wall as well as any apertures. Taking account of the level of threat arising from the issues identified about the quality of the wall required might range from cement mortar brickwork through to reinforced poured concrete or other specialist materials. 6.13 Wherever possible the criminalÕs progress through the building to the firearms should be impeded as much as possible by locked doors or other means. 6.14 The area(s) where firearms are to be displayed may need to be separately secured according to the perceived level of threat. Stores 6.15 Museum stores often contain concentrations of material which dictate greater protection arrangements than might be appropriate elsewhere in the building. This principle is equally applicable to firearms. Therefore arrangements are needed that provide for the store to be kept in a separate secure alarmed state even when other parts of the building are in use. 6.16 Attention will have to be paid to the strength of the walls, ceiling and floor although it would be right to take account of the benefits gained from the intervening layers of the ÒonionÓ. If the store features an external wall, close attention will need to be paid to the construction. Although its replacement may not be practicable there are ways of