made by the review partner and other review partners. (5) Subsection (1) does not require a review partner to arrange for there to be a review under this section of a personÕs death if such a review of the death has already taken place, or started to take place, under arrangements made by other review partners. (6) For the purposes of this section, the homicide of a person is a qualifying homicide ifÑ (a) the person was aged 18 or over, and (a) 30 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 2 Ð Offensive weapons homicide reviews Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the death, or the events surrounding it, involved the use of an offensive weapon. (7) The Secretary of State may by regulationsÑ (a) amend this section so as to alter the meaning of Òqualifying homicideÓ, and (b) make such consequential amendments of this Chapter as appear to the Secretary of State to be appropriate. (8) In this section Òoffensive weaponÓ has the same meaning as in section 1 of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953. 25 Relevant review partners (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for identifying which review partners are to be the relevant review partners in respect of a personÕs death. (2) The regulations may provide that the relevant review partners in respect of a personÕs death areÑ (a) a chief officer of police for a police area in England or Wales of a description specified in the regulations, (b) a local authority of a description specified in the regulations or, in a case of a description specified in the regulations, a county council and a district council of a description specified in the regulations, and (c) [F1an integrated care board] or a local health board of a description specified in the regulations. (3) The regulations may, in particular, provide that, in a case of a description specified in the regulations, the relevant review partners in respect of a personÕs death areÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area in England or Wales in which the death occurred or is likely to have occurred, (b) the local authority in whose area the death occurred or is likely to have occurred or, if the death occurred or is likely to have occurred within the area of a district council whose area is within the area of a county council, both of those local authorities, and (c) the [F2integrated care board] or the local health