of Part 2 of that Act apply to proceedings under this PartÑ (a) to the extent provided by rules of court, and (b) subject to any modifications provided by rules of court. (4) Section 47 of that Act (restrictions on reporting special measures directions etc) applies with any necessary modificationsÑ (a) to a direction under section 19 of that Act as applied by this section; (b) to a direction discharging or varying such a direction. Sections 49 and 51 of that Act (offences) apply accordingly. 17 Children and young persons: disapplication of reporting restrictions Section 49 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (restrictions on reports of proceedings in which children and young persons are concerned) does not apply to proceedings under this Part. 18 Rules of court (1) Rules of court may provide that an appeal from a decision of the High Court, the county court or a youth courtÑ (a) to dismiss an application for an injunction under section 1 made without notice being given to the respondent, or (b) to refuse to grant an interim injunction when adjourning proceedings following such an application, may be made without notice being given to the respondent. (2) Rules of court may provide for a youth court to give permission for an application for an injunction under section 1 against a person aged 18 or over to be made to the youth court ifÑ (a) an application to the youth court has been made, or is to be made, for an injunction under that section against a person aged under 18, and (a) 12 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the youth court thinks that it would be in the interests of justice for the applications to be heard together. (3) In relation to a respondent attaining the age of 18 after proceedings under this Part have begun, rules of court mayÑ (a) provide for the transfer of the proceedings from the youth court to the High Court or the county court; (b) prescribe circumstances in which the proceedings may or must remain in the youth court. 19 Guidance (1) The Secretary of State may issue guidance to persons entitled to apply for injunctions under section 1 (see section 5) about the exercise of their functions under this Part. (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published. 20 Interpretation etc