a statement of accounts in such form as the Secretary of State may direct; and (c) send copies of the statement to the Secretary of State and the Comptroller and Auditor General before the end of August in the financial year of the [F628Office] following that to which the statement relates. (2) The Comptroller and Auditor General shallÑ (a) examine, certify and report on every statement received by him by virtue of this paragraph; and (b) lay copies of every such statement, and of his report on it, before Parliament. (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 167 Financial year of the [F629Office] 18 The following are financial years of the [F630Office]Ñ (a) the period beginning with the day on which the [F630Office] is established and ending with 31st March falling next after that day; and (b) every subsequent period of twelve months ending with 31st March. SCHEDULE 3 Section 13 HANDLING OF COMPLAINTS AND CONDUCT MATTERS ETC. PART 1 HANDLING OF COMPLAINTS Duties to preserve evidence relating to complaints 1 (1) Where a complaint is made about the conduct of a chief officer, it shall be the duty of the [F631local policing body] maintaining his force to secure that all such steps as are appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act are taken, both initially and from time to time after that, for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the conduct complained of. 168 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) WhereÑ (a) a complaint is made to a chief officer about the conduct of a person under his direction and control, or (b) a chief officer becomes aware that a complaint about the conduct of a person under his direction or control has been made to the [F632Director General] or to a [F633local policing body], the chief officer shall take all such steps as appear to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating