whom he wishes to provide information or documents. In addition to the general requirements at paragraph 36 this notice should include, where applicable; • whether the appropriate officer wants the respondent to provide information under section 357(4)(b) and a description of that information; • whether the appropriate officer wants the respondent to produce documents under section 357(4)(c), and the documents or class of documents required. 152. In respect of requests for information under section 357(4)(b) or documents under section 357(4)(c), the appropriate officer should keep a copy of the disclosure order together with all the notices requesting information and/or documents under the disclosure order. The appropriate officer should also keep a record of all the documents and information submitted in response to the notices. Receipts should be sent to the supplier of the material if requested. This paragraph also applies to documents produced at an interview. Interview 153. The disclosure order also contains a power to ask questions. The preferred course of asking questions is to conduct a formalised interview in accordance with the procedure set out below. 1. Invitation to interview 154. The appropriate officer should send the interviewee a notice served under the disclosure order which should set out: • the right of the appropriate officer to carry out the interview under section 357(4)(a); • the purpose of the interview, which may be as detailed as the appropriate officer thinks necessary; • the intervieweeÕs right not to have statements made by them used in evidence in criminal proceedings against t h e m other than in the circumstances specified in section 360(2); • the intervieweeÕs right to be accompanied at any interview by a solicitor and/or a qualified accountant; • the intervieweeÕs right, if they are a juvenile39, or are mentally vulnerable, have a mental disorder40 or have a learning disability, to be accompanied at any interview by an appropriate adult; • details of the place at which the interview is to take place; and • where attendance is not required at once, the time and date of the interview. Legal and Financial advice 155. In this Code, a solicitor means a solicitor who holds a current practising certificate, and in England and Wales only: a trainee solicitor, a duty solicitor representative or an accredited representative included on the register of representatives maintained by the Legal Aid Agency. A qualified accountant means a person who is a member or fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, or the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland, or the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland, or the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants or who would, for the purposes of the audit of company accounts be regarded by virtue of section 1221 of the Companies Act 2006 as holding an approved overseas qualification. 39 If anyone appears to be under the age of 18 then he or she must be treated as a juvenile for the purposes of this Code in the absence of clear evidence to show