designated person may seize anything which is on the premises if the designated person has reasonable grounds for believing— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 205 that it is evidence relating to the conduct or other matter to which the investigation relates, and that it is necessary to seize it in order to prevent the evidence being concealed, lost, altered or destroyed. The designated person may require any information which is stored in any electronic form and is accessible from the premises to be produced in a form in which it can be taken away and in which it is visible and legible, or from which it can readily be produced in a visible and legible form, if the designated person has reasonable grounds for believing— that it is evidence relating to the conduct or other matter to which the investigation relates, and that it is necessary to do so in order to prevent the evidence being concealed, lost, tampered with or destroyed. The powers conferred by this paragraph do not authorise the seizure of an item which the designated person exercising the power has reasonable grounds for believing to be an item subject to legal privilege within the meaning of the 1984 Act (see section 10 of that Act). Where a designated person has the power to seize a thing or require information to be produced under this paragraph and under section 19 of the 1984 Act (by virtue of section 97(8) of the 1996 Act or paragraph 19(4)), the designated person is to be treated for all purposes as acting in exercise of the power conferred by section 19 of the 1984 Act. In this paragraph “premises” has the same meaning as in the 1984 Act (see section 23 of that Act). Further provision about seizure under paragraph 19ZE 19ZF (1) This paragraph applies where a designated person seizes anything under paragraph 19ZE(2). The designated person must provide a notice in relation to the thing seized if requested to do so by a person showing himself— to be the occupier of the premises on which it was seized, or to have had custody or control of it immediately before the seizure. The notice must state what has been seized and the reason for its seizure. The notice must be provided within a reasonable time from the making of the request for it. In this paragraph “designated person” has the same meaning as in paragraph 19ZE. Investigations by the [F632Director General]: power of retention