of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005, which makes provision for confiscation orders to be made in magistrates? courts. These provisions, which come into force on 1 June, will be detailed in a subsequent Home Office circular to be issued in May. That circular will also cover other amendments to POCA (made by the Policing and Crime Act 2009 and the Crime and Courts Act 2013) which are similarly scheduled to come into force on 1 June. Introduction 6. Sections 1 to 3A of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 (ÒCMAÓ) provided for a number of criminal offences to tackle cyber crime as follows: Section 1 Ð unauthorised access to computer material or data (commonly known as ããhacking??); Section 2 Ð unauthorised access with intent to commit or facilitate commission of further offences; Section 3 Ð unauthorised acts with intent to impair the operation of a computer (this offence includes circulating viruses, deleting files and inserting a ããTrojan Horse?? to steal data as well as effectively criminalising all forms of denial of service attacks in which the attacker denies the victim(s) access to a particular resource, typically by preventing legitimate users of a service accessing that service, for example by overloading an Internet Service Provider of a website with actions, such as emails); Section 3A Ð making, adapting, supplying or offering to supply an article (ããhacker tools??) intending it to be used to commit, or to assist in the commission of, an offence under sections 1 or 3; supplying or offering to supply an article believing that it is likely to be used in this way; and obtaining an article with a view to its being supplied for use in this way. 7. Part 2 of the 2015 Act makes four changes to the CMA, these: Create a new offence to ensure that the most serious cyber attacks attract penalties commensurate with the harm caused; Extend the section 3A offence to cover articles (or tools) for personal use; Extend the extra-territorial reach of the CMA offences; and Clarify the savings provision for law enforcement agencies. Section 41: Unauthorised acts causing, or creating risk of, serious damage 8. Section 41 of the 2015 Act inserts new section 3ZA into the CMA creating a new offence of unauthorised acts causing, or creating risk of serious damage. It is designed to address the most serious cyber attacks, for example those on essential systems controlling power supply, communications, food or fuel distribution. A major cyber attack of this nature could have a significant impact, resulting in loss of life, serious illness or injury, severe social disruption or serious damage to the economy, the environment or national security. Elements of the Offence 9. The conduct element of the offence comprises of the following elements: a person must do an unauthorised act to a computer (as defined in section 17(8) of the CMA); and, that unauthorised act must result, whether directly or indirectly, in serious damage to the economy, the environment, national security or human