have the opportunity to become familiar with the practices and procedures of the Wiltshire Constabulary. 3.12 To allow staff members to demonstrate their ability to effectively and efficiently perform their duties. 3.2 During the probationary period the line manager has the responsibility to set the required performance standards and follow up any development needs that have been identified, either during the selection process or subsequently. Managers must ensure that staff members understand what is expected from them during their employment. 1.1 4. Principles of Probation 4.1 The probationary period is used to assess the suitability of a probationer for the post. The line manager will assess the performance and competence to ensure that the probationer is meeting the required standards. 4.2 The newly appointed staff will be given suitable guidance and support during their probationary period and will be provided with appropriate development and training opportunities. 4.3 Performance will be assessed at the 4th, 12th and 20th week of the probationary period and where areas for development are highlighted, every reasonable opportunity will be provided to assist in the improvement of performance. The line manager will make clear how and when these standards will be monitored. 4.4 Line managers should seek advice from the Human Resources Department should a probationerÕs performance or conduct give cause for concern as early as possible. It is important not to wait until the end of the probationary period to raise any concerns. 4.5 Management may extend the probationary period, in consultation with the Human Resources Department. This may be for reasons such as absence due to ill health or where a further period of training and/ or experience may establish the staff memberÕs capability to perform the requirements of the role. This extension will normally be for a maximum period of three months or in cases of ill health, by the length of time lost to sickness absence. 4.6 Employees going through their probationary period may be dismissed following adverse probationary reports on disciplinary, capability or other grounds (e.g. loss of trust and confidence, giving a false statement to gain employment) without being subject to further procedures. 5. Responsibilities 5.1 Probationer The newly appointed member of staff is responsible for demonstrating their suitability for the post and is responsible for highlighting to their line manager any training needs they may have. It is also the responsibility of the new member of staff to attend any induction or other appropriate training events that are held in order to assist with their development. 5.2 Line Manager It is the responsibility of the line manager to clearly define the set of performance standards and the required procedures to ensure the newly appointed member of staff understands what is required from him or her. The line manager is also responsible for providing guidance and support and ensuring the newly appointed member of staff receives an effective induction. 5.21 It is also the responsibility of the line manager to ensure that all probationary review reports are completed and returned