now serves as the Assistant Center Director for the Healthcare Policy Center. Zo‘Õs policy interests include the regulation of pharmaceutical development and international healthcare policy. Outside of CPG, Zo‘ is the Treasurer of the Cornell Chapter of The Diabetes Link and a member of a pre-professional chemistry fraternity. She is also an undergraduate research student in the Shaw Lab. EDITORÕS NOTE: Dear Reader, On behalf of the Cornell Policy Group, I am excited to publish the twenty-second edition of the Journal of Affairs, the successor of the former Roosevelt Review. I have had the pleasure of editing and crafting this journal during my first semester as editor-in-chief after two years under the previous editor-in-chief, Franklin Zheng. With his guidance and under new executive leadership, Cornell Policy Group wrote thirty-nine policy proposals ranging from a variety of policy fields, including but not limited to agriculture and electoral reform. Each analyst presented original, innovative solutions based on rigorous research to niche and broad-ranging issues, with each center presenting proposals personal to the analysts. Our incoming class of new analysts, the most selective class of Cornell Policy Group, has only added to the originality and new perspectives we continually seek to add to our ever-evolving group. We have added three associate editors to the editing process to oversee these new proposals and people to strengthen writing quality and standardization. With the help of our new member educators leading the new analyst training program, we can teach our new class critical writing and professional practices within and beyond Cornell Policy Group. After a successful semester of effective restructuring with additional members, I have complete faith that our group is ready to continue our success. I am confident all of our members will thrive as we continue to formulate solutions to problems in a constantly changing world. I extend my most sincere gratitude to everyone who has supported the Cornell Policy Group and this publication. I look forward to continuing my role as editor-in-chief for another semester as we prepare the twenty-third edition in Spring 2025. I hope you enjoy our policy proposals from this semester. Sincerely, Henry Han Editor-in-Chief DOMESTIC POLICY Director: Elliott Serna Assistant Director: Rachel Baron Analysts: Amani Agrawal, Elizabeth Fine, Celia Holden, Cole Laudenslager, Pari Patel, Avery Prince, Emily Snider, and Samuel Stille Pre-Release Earnings Program: Providing Incarcerated Individuals a Financial Safety Net for Reintegration By Amani Agrawal, aa2747@cornell.edu To reduce recidivism and foster equitable reintegration, New York State should implement a Pre-Release Earnings Program to provide incarcerated individuals with liveable wages for their work in prison, and thus an accessible financial safety net upon their release. Background The United States incarcerates 1.2 million people in state and federal prisons, of which 33,793 are incarcerated in New York State (NYS).1 In the US, two- thirds of these incarcerated individuals also work, performing jobs similar to those of unincarcerated individuals.2 However, the legal protections afforded to these workers differ significantly based on their incarcerated status. The Thirteenth Amendment of the US Constitution