is amended as follows. (2) In paragraph 1 (interpretation), in the definition of Òappropriate courtÓ in sub- paragraph (1)Ñ (a) after paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(aa) if the community order qualifies for special procedures for the purposes of section 217A, the court that made the order;Ó; 340 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Community and suspended sentence orders: special procedures relating to review and breach Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in paragraph (b), after the second ÒorderÓ insert Òand does not fall within paragraph (aa)Ó. (3) In paragraph 8 (issue of summons or warrant by justice of the peace), in sub- paragraph (3)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), omit the final ÒorÓ; (b) after paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(aa) in the case of a community order that qualifies for special procedures for the purposes of section 217A, before the court that made the order, orÓ. (4) After paragraph 9 insertÑ ÒIssue of summons or warrant after review hearing 9A (1) This paragraph applies whereÑ (a) a community order is in force, (b) on a review hearing under section 217B a magistratesÕ court or the Crown Court (Òthe courtÓ) is of the opinion that the offender has without reasonable excuse breached a community order requirement of the order, and (c) the court does not deal with the case forthwith by virtue of section 217B(5). (2) The court may at any timeÑ (a) issue a summons requiring the offender to appear at the place and time specified in it, or (b) issue a warrant for the offenderÕs arrest. (3) A summons or warrant issued under this paragraph must direct the offender to appear or be brought before the court which issued it. (4) WhereÑ (a) a summons is issued under this paragraph, and (b) the offender does not appear in answer to the summons, the court may issue a warrant for the arrest of the offender.Ó (5) In paragraph 10Ñ (a) in sub-paragraph (1), after Òparagraph 8Ó insert Òor 9A or by virtue of section 217B(5)Ó; (b) in sub-paragraph (5), after paragraph (b) insertÑ Ò(ba) if the community order qualifies for special procedures for the purposes of this paragraph, by ordering the offender to be committed to prison for such period not exceeding 28 days as the court considers appropriate (but see also paragraph 13A);Ó. (6) In paragraph 11Ñ (a) in sub-paragraph (1)(a)Ñ (i) after Òparagraph 9Ó insert Òor 9AÓ; (ii) after Ò10(3)Ó insert Òor section 217B(5)Ó; (b) in sub-paragraph (2), after paragraph (b) insertÑ (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32)