. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Power of deputy to exercise functions of chief constable In section 12 of the 1996 Act (assistant chief constable), subsections (4) to (6) shall be omitted. After that section, there shall be inserted— Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 95 Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “12A Power of deputy to exercise functions of chief constable A deputy chief constable of a police force may exercise or perform any or all of the powers or duties of the chief constable of that force— during any absence, incapacity or suspension from duty of the chief constable, during any vacancy in the office of the chief constable, or at any other time, with the consent of the chief constable. A police authority responsible for maintaining a police force may designate a person holding the rank of assistant chief constable in that force to exercise or perform any or all of the powers or duties of the chief constable of that force— during any absence, incapacity or suspension from duty of both the chief constable and the deputy chief constable, or during any vacancy in the offices of both the chief constable and the deputy chief constable. Only one person shall be authorised to act at any one time by virtue of a designation under subsection (2). The power to act by virtue of subsection (1)(a) or (b) or subsection (2) shall not be exercisable for a continuous period exceeding three months except with the consent of the Secretary of State. The provisions of subsections (1) and (2) shall be without prejudice to any other enactment that makes provision for the exercise by any other person of powers conferred on a chief constable.” Chief superintendents In section 9H(2) of the 1996 Act (ranks that shall be prescribed for the metropolitan police force), after “those of” there shall be inserted “ chief superintendent, ”. In section 13(1) of that Act (ranks that shall be prescribed for other police forces), after “ranks of” there shall be inserted “ chief superintendent, ”. In the provisions of that Act that are set out in subsection (4), before the word “superintendent”, wherever occurring, there shall be inserted “ chief ”. Those provisions are— section 50(3) (meaning of “senior officer” for the purposes of proceedings in which a member of a police force may be dismissed etc.); F249. . . . . .