the making of the order, the period of 3 months beginning with the day on which the appeal is finally determined, abandoned or withdrawn. (8) A notice under this section must also inform the tenant that, if the tenant needs help or advice about the notice and what to do about it, the tenant should take it immediately to a Citizens' Advice Bureau, a housing aid centre, a law centre or a solicitor. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 71 PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (9) The noticeÑ (a) must also specify the date after which proceedings for the possession of the dwelling-house may be begun, and (b) ceases to be in force 12 months after the date so specified. (10) The date specified in accordance with subsection (9)(a) must not be earlier thanÑ (a) in the case of a periodic tenancy, the date on which the tenancy could, apart from this Part, be brought to an end by notice to quit given by the landlord on the same day as the notice under this section; (b) in the case of a secure tenancy for a term certain, one month after the date of the service of the notice. (11) Where a notice under this section is served with respect to a secure tenancy for a term certain, it has effect also with respect to any periodic tenancy arising on the termination of that tenancy by virtue of section 86; and subsection (10)(a) does not apply to the notice.Ó 96 Review requirements for new ground After section 85 of the Housing Act 1985 (extended discretion of court in certain proceedings for possession) there is insertedÑ Ò85ZA Review of decision to seek possession on absolute ground for anti- social behaviour (1) A tenant may request a review of a landlord's decision to seek an order for possession of a dwelling-house under section 84A if the interest of the landlord belongs toÑ (a) a local housing authority, or (b) a housing action trust. (2) Such a request must be made in writing before the end of the period of 7 days beginning with the day on which the notice under section 83ZA is served. (3) On a request being duly made to it, the landlord must review its decision. (4) The landlord must notify the tenant in writing of the decision on the review. (5) If the decision is to confirm the