Owners will assign individuals access privileges. Information abstracted from records or record metadata may be subject to legislation requiring it to be either withheld or made more widely available outside normal business needs, or even outside the Force itself. For example, compliance with Data Protection & Freedom of Information legislation. All records are part of the corporate memory. Unless restricted/limited due to legislation or as a result of judgement/sensitivity (need to know and use principle), they should be made readily available within force. This may be subject to volume restrictions because of technical limitations or copyright reasons. Any access arrangements will be made for a specified duration and these will be reviewed according to a schedule identified during appraisal. All personnel must be security cleared / vetted before being allowed access to information. This need for security clearance / vetting will be reflected in the role profile. It may be necessary to grant third parties access to Force records. There may be a requirement for third parties to be security cleared / vetted prior to accessing certain Force records and some records may require redaction prior to sharing. Third party access to Force information will be managed by the business area which created and owns the records in question. Information for Law Enforcement Purposes will be shared in accordance with Information Sharing Agreements set up between the Force and its partner agencies under MoPI. Review, Retention and Disposal The principles of review, retention and disposal will apply to all Force and OPCC records (operational and business) and will be assigned a retention/disposal schedule. MoPI guidance on review, retention and disposal relates to information held on all police systems other than PNC. The review, retention and disposal of information on the PNC must be conducted in accordance with the PNC Retention Guidelines. Specific guidance on the review, retention and disposal of MoPI defined information is available in the Force Procedure for MoPI Review, Retention and Disposal. The Review process is the examination of a record to ensure: * there is a continuing lawful or business purpose to retain * the record is adequate, accurate, relevant, up to date and not excessive Ð records that are found to be inaccurate will, where systems allow, be corrected * all records containing personal data are compliant with data protection principles * a future date is set to review the record if appropriate The Retention process will incorporate the continued storage of and controlled access to information held following a review. The main principles supporting this process are: • all records will be held in line with the Force retention/disposal schedule, any decisions to retain for longer than that specified will be fully documented for audit purposes • • due regard will be given to the requirements and implications of relevant legislation (for example the Criminal Procedures Investigation Act 1996) The Disposal process will incorporate the removal of information from all police systems to the extent that the information cannot be restored. As a general