or take other action in connection with an emergency. 1 7.3. Arranging for publication means that the Category 1 responders do not necessarily have to publish these documents themselves but they must arrange for them to be published. 7.4. The duty is not necessarily to arrange to publish the whole of a risk assessment or a complete plan but only those parts which it is necessary or desirable to publish where this will add value in raising public awareness and would assist in dealing with an emergency. 7.5. Category 1 responders meet these requirements by publishing a Community Risk Register (CRR), which provides an agreed assessment of the risks affecting a local area and an agreed position on the planning and resourcing priorities required to prepare for those risks. 7.1. 1 s. 2(1)(f) PAGE 3 7.6. The more information the public has access to, and the better educated they therefore become before an event, the more open they are likely to be to the warnings and advice they are given at the time of an emergency. A well informed public is better able to respond to an emergency and this will minimize the impact of an emergency on the community. Responses to a number of emergencies over recent years have highlighted the need to encourage individuals and communities (including businesses) to be better prepared and more self reliant during emergencies. This allows the authorities to focus on those areas and people in greatest need. 7.7. The duty to make the public aware of the risks of emergencies does not extend to a requirement to assist individuals/organisations in developing community resilience or to promote community resilience. However, responders should recognise the benefits of engaging with the community and promoting individual and community resilience. Avoid alarming the public unnecessarily 7.8. At the same time, when publishing assessments and plans, the Regulations require Category 1 responders to have regard to the need not to alarm the public unnecessarily. 2 7.9. There is a similar duty to avoid alarming the public unnecessarily when making arrangements to warn, inform and advise them.3 Sensitive information 7.10. Where risk assessments or plans contain sensitive information,4 then only edited or summary versions of all or part of the document should be published. 2 regulation 27 3 regulation 30 4 See regulation 45 and the discussion in Chapter 3 PAGE 4 Joint discharge of functions and other forms of collaborative working 7.11. The duty to arrange for the publication of all or part of assessments and plans falls on all Category 1 responders but the Regulations permit them to collaborate with others in delivering the duty. It should be noted that voluntary sector and community groups may help responders to fulfil this duty but cannot discharge it on their behalf. Private sector organisations should also be encouraged to provide necessary advice and information where relevant (see also paragraph 7.25). 7.12. There are several options for Category 1 responders in deciding how best to discharge their responsibility. They may decide