include provision under section 190A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against— the decision to refuse the application, or any decision made on an appeal against that decision. 195M Further detention in other cases This section applies if— property is detained under section 195J, no restraint order is in force in respect of the property, and no application has been made for a restraint order which includes provision under section 190A authorising detention of the property. A magistrates' court may by order extend the period for which the property or any part of it may be detained under section 195J if satisfied that— any of the conditions in section 195B is met (reading references in that section to the officer as references to the court), the property or part is realisable property other than exempt property (within the meaning of section 195C(4)), and there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that— the property may otherwise be made unavailable for satisfying any confiscation order that has been or may be made against the defendant, or the value of the property may otherwise be diminished as a result of conduct by the defendant or any other person. An application for an order may be made by— the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, a constable, an accredited financial investigator, or the prosecutor. If the property was seized in reliance on the first or second condition in section 195B, “the prosecutor” means a person who is to have conduct of any proceedings for the offence. An order under this section must provide for notice to be given to persons affected by it. In this section “part” includes portion. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 73 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 195N Discharge, variation and lapse of detention order An order under section 195N may be discharged or varied. An application for variation or discharge of the order may be made by— a person mentioned in section 195M(3), or any person affected by the order. On an application under this section the court must discharge the order if— the order was made on the ground that the first or second condition in section 195B was met but proceedings for the offence mentioned in that condition have not been started within a reasonable time, the order