between racial/gender disparities and policy. Outside of CPG, Keten is the Vice President of New Member Development for the Black Ivy Pre-Law Society, an Institute of Politics and Global Affairs Scholar, a Brooks School course assistant and a Cornell Tradition’s Fellow. She also conducts legal review and sustainable development projects as a Research Analyst for Regenerative Africa Consulting. Ava Boris ‘27, Director of External Affairs Ava is a Sophomore studying Public Policy and International Relations at Cornell University. As a member of CPG Ava serves as an analyst for the Healthcare Center and the Director of External Affairs for the organization. Ava has focused her studies on understanding national security issues through the lens of gender and interpersonal relationships. Outside of CPG Ava is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta and Pi Lambda Sigma. She also is a teaching assistant for PUBPOL 2301: Introduction to Policy Analysis. Lilia Mitra ‘26, Advocacy Director Lilia is a junior studying Health Care Policy in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst in the Healthcare Center and now serves as Advocacy Director. Lilia’s policy interests include eliminating health disparities, protecting access to reproductive care, and improving public education. Outside of CPG, Lilia is a member of Phi Delta Epsilon and Tri Delta and works as an LSC organic chemistry tutor. Grace Chen ‘24, New Member Educator Grace is a senior, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in Fall 2021 as an analyst for the Economic Center and has previously served as the Economic Center Director and the Co-President. Grace’s policy interests lie within the economic analysis of social welfare programs, policing and racial discrimination, and education. Outside of CPG, Grace is in Social Business Consulting, Asian American InterVarsity, and is a pre-doctorate fellow for Professor Daniela Scur in Dyson. She also loves to dance, bake, and blog. Sahithi Jammulamadaka ‘25, New Member Educator Sahithi is a senior, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG as an analyst for the Economic Center in Spring 2022. She previously served as Assistant Center Director for the Economics Center before her current role as one of the New Member Educators. Her policy interests lie in education and housing policy, specifically in researching creative financing opportunities in those fields. Outside of CPG Sahithi is in International Business Consulting, Cornell Undergraduate Economic Review, a teaching assistant for both PUBPOL 2301 and INFO 1200, and a member of a dance team. Franklin Zheng ‘25, Senior Advisor Franklin is a senior studying Information Science with minors in International Relations and German Studies. He joined CPG in Fall 2021 as an analyst in the Center for Environmental and Technology Policy and served as the Editor-in-Chief from 2022 to 2024. Outside of CPG, Franklin conducts research on global police force violence in the Gender and Security Sector Lab and works on artificial intelligence integration in the open-source