content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) An order under subsection (1) may in particularÑ (a) apply to a person recalled before the day on which the order comes into force (as well as to a person recalled on or after that day); (b) amend this Chapter.Ó (3) In section 330(5)(a) (orders subject to affirmative procedure), at the appropriate place insertÑ Òsection 256AZB,Ó. 138 Imprisonment for public protection etc: duty to refer person released on licence to Parole Board (1) Section 31A of the Crime (Sentences) Act 1997 (imprisonment or detention for public protection: termination of licences) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (6). (2) In subsection (2)(a), after ÒChapterÓ insert Ò(whether or not the prisoner has subsequently been recalled to prison under section 32)Ó. (3) For subsection (3) substituteÑ Ò(3) WhereÑ (a) the prisoner has been released on licence under this Chapter (whether or not the prisoner has subsequently been recalled to prison under section 32); (b) the qualifying period has expired; and (c) if the Secretary of State has made a previous reference of the prisonerÕs case under this subsection, the period of twelve months beginning with the day of the disposal of that reference has expired, the Secretary of State must refer the prisonerÕs case to the Parole Board under this subsection.Ó (4) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) in the words before paragraph (a), for Òan applicationÓ substitute Òa referenceÓ, and (b) in paragraph (b), for ÒapplicationÓ substitute ÒreferenceÓ. (5) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) A reference under subsection (3) must be made, and a reference under that subsection must be determined by the Parole Board under subsection (4), even if at the time of the reference or determination the prisoner is in prison having been recalled under section 32. (4B) If at the time of the determination the prisoner is in prison having been recalled under section 32Ñ Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 151 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) subsection (2) does not apply, and (b) subsection (4)(a) has effect as if it required the Parole BoardÑ (i) to determine whether it is satisfied that it is not necessary for the protection of the public for the prisoner, when released, to be released on licence in respect of the preventative sentence or sentences, and (ii) if it is so satisfied, to direct the Secretary of State accordingly. (4C) Where the Parole Board gives a direction under subsection