housing stock than in most other major economies Ð it is nothing short of a scandal. And itÕs one this government is going to deal with. The proposals in this White Paper will make clear the standards that every social tenant in England is entitled to expect from their landlords. They will ensure that people feel safe and secure in their homes, can get problems fixed before they spiral out of control, and see exactly how good their landlord is at dealing with complaints. Above all, it will give social housing tenants a voice, and ensure that it is listened to. WeÕre levelling up this country, making it fairer for everyone Ð and that includes making sure social housing tenants are treated with the respect they deserve, so that nobody should ever again feel as hopeless as the man I met all those years ago. The Rt. Hon. Boris Johnson MP Prime Minister ÒWeÕre levelling up this country, making it fairer for everyone Ð and that includes making sure social housing tenants are treated with the respect they deserve.Ó The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 5 Foreword from the Secretary of State One of the privileges of my time as Secretary of State has been meeting with the bereaved and survivors of the Grenfell Tower tragedy. Their courage and grace shone through on each encounter, however harrowing and heart breaking the stories they told. Time and again, former residents would return to two themes: firstly, that they didnÕt feel listened to when they raised concerns and complaints and could only wonder what might have been avoided if their voices had been heard. And secondly, a broader sense that they had not been treated with the dignity and respect they deserved. Indeed, the same dignity and respect they themselves have exhibited, in unimaginable grief and distress since the night of 14 June 2017. These conversations with me and my predecessors were the genesis of this White Paper. Those most affected by the events at Grenfell Tower understandably seek answers and justice and that is what an independent public inquiry aims to provide. But, it is clear to me they also seek positive action and change for the benefit of others. I do not presume to assert that this White Paper alone answers that desire, but it is in that spirit that we publish it and will ensure its aims and ambitions are realised. 6 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper This Charter for Social Housing Residents sets out to raise the standard of social housing and meet the aspirations of residents throughout the country, today and in the future. It speaks to safety, to quality, to family, to life free from the blight of crime and anti- social behaviour, to the opportunity to move from rent to ownership, where this is possible. I want housing associations and local councils to ensure that those who live in social housing are treated with