accordance with drawing reference M100634 and batch certified in accordance with the CATRA procedure HO/S with a value of ² 4.5 N. Prior to use, each spike shall be wiped clean with an alcohol based degreasing wipe or similar. A spike shall be used only once; following each stab it shall be replaced. 7.5.7. Stab dampers The dampers shall be cut from a sheet of closed-cell polyethylene foam Plastazote¨ LD33 that has been stored flat for a minimum of 24 hours prior to use. The dampers shall be cut to leave a smooth, parallel edge. The dampers, individually, when cut shall have the following specification: • Diameter: 50 ± 0.5 mm • Thickness per damper: 30 ± 1 mm Each set of two dampers used within the stab sabot shall have a collective thickness of 60 ± 1 mm. These dampers shall be used for a maximum of five stabs prior to replacement. 7.5.8. Test table The test table is a rigid component in the stab test assembly supporting the stab backing materials; it shall be positioned on a flat, rigid surface. The test table shall be adjustable to enable the protective panel to be raised or lowered to ensure that it is positioned in accordance with the test requirements. An example of such a test table is shown in Figure 24. Figure 24: Example of adjustable table for stab testing 7.5.9. Stab backing container Stab backing materials shall be placed into a rigid surround such as the container in Figure 25. The top layer of the backing material shall be level with the surround to form a continuous surface that extends a minimum of 60 mm in each direction. Figure 25: Stab backing material container 7.5.10. Velocity measurement All velocities shall be recorded when the tip of the knife or spike is 25 ± 2 mm from the surface of the armour. The velocity of each strike shall be recorded in metres per second (m.s-1), reported to two decimal places. It is recommended that a light gate system is adopted with a minimum sample rate of 30 kHz and a base length of 50 ± 2 mm. Alternative systems may be used, however, details of the system must be submitted to CAST and approved as an appropriate method prior to use. 7.5.11. Depth of penetration measurement To measure the depth of penetration of the knife into the armour following a strike, a calibrated rule and a digital microscope are required. The rule shall be accurate to 1 mm, whilst the microscope shall possess a minimum zoom of 20? and a minimum resolution of 1,024 ? 1,024 pixels; it shall permit measurements to an accuracy of 0.01 mm. 7.6. Sample preparation 7.6.1. Conditioning panels All armour shall be placed in an environment held at a temperature of 20 ± 3¡C and 40 to 70% relative humidity for a minimum of 12 hours prior to testing. Protective panels shall be laid flat at all times when conditioning and stacked in piles