an application under this section is dismissed, the party by which the dismissed application was made may make no further application under this section withoutÑ (a) the consent of the court, or (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 7 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) Section 3 applies to additional requirements included under subsection (3)(a) above as it applies to requirements included in a new injunction. Breach of injunctions 9 Arrest without warrant (1) Where a power of arrest is attached to a provision of an injunction under section 1, a constable may arrest the respondent without warrant if he or she has reasonable cause to suspect that the respondent is in breach of the provision. (2) A constable who arrests a person under subsection (1) must inform the person who applied for the injunction. (3) A person arrested under subsection (1) must, within the period of 24 hours beginning with the time of the arrest, be brought beforeÑ (a) a judge of the High Court or a judge of the county court, if the injunction was granted by the High Court; (b) a judge of the county court, ifÑ (i) the injunction was granted by the county court, or (ii) the injunction was granted by a youth court but the respondent is aged 18 or over; (c) a justice of the peace, if neither paragraph (a) nor paragraph (b) applies. (4) In calculating when the period of 24 hours ends, Christmas Day, Good Friday and any Sunday are to be disregarded. (5) The judge before whom a person is brought under subsection (3)(a) or (b) may remand the person if the matter is not disposed of straight away. (6) The justice of the peace before whom a person is brought under subsection (3)(c) must remand the person to appear before the youth court that granted the injunction. 10 Issue of arrest warrant (1) If the person who applied for an injunction under section 1 thinks that the respondent is in breach of any of its provisions, the person may apply for the issue of a warrant for the respondent's arrest. (2) The application must be made toÑ (a) a judge of the High Court, if the injunction was granted by the High Court; (a) 8 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all