on delivery by 35 Probation Trusts in 2012/13. • Unit costs are calculated from the total fully apportioned cost of relevant services divided by starts in that year and do not consider which elements of cost are fixed and which will vaiy based on service volumes. Majar changes to the volume, Iength or content of community sentences or the characteristi cs of the offender population could affect the unit cost. • The costs consist of costs for both (a) managing the sentence and. (b) delivering court-ordered r_e_q_uirements. Excludescentrally .. -- ---á-ááááá - Trust Unit Costs, Financial Year 2012-13. Source: MoJ internal analysis, 2013. áI ! Title: Serious Crime Bill: Amendments to Computer Misuse Act 1990 IA No: Lead department or agency: Home Office Other departments or agencies: Ministry of Justice Summary: Intervention and Options -á--- áá-- -- á- --á-á - - Impact Assessment (IA) Date: 03/03/2014 Stage: Final Source of intervention: Domestic Type of measure: Primary legislation Contact for ennuiries: Shabana Fazal RPC Opinion: N/A Cost of Preferred (or more likely) Option Total Net Present Value Business Net Present Value Net cost to business per year {EANCB on 2009 prices) In scope of One-In, Measure qualifies as One-Out? Negli9ible N/A N/A No IN/A - What is the problem under consideration? Why is government intervention necessary? - The EU adopted the Directive on attacks against information systems (2013/40/EU) in August 2013_ The UK is compliant with the Directive save for two points: • tools used for committing offences and • jurisdiction rhe relevant legislation in the UK is the Computer Misuse Act (1990). The Computer Misuse Act do not prevent individuals from obtaining tools such as malware with the intention to personally commit a cyber crime. It also does not enable UK law enforcement agencies to take action against UK citizens committing cyber crime offences whilst physically outside the UK on the basis of their nationality alone, =quired rrv he EU Directive. - - - - - hat are the policy objectives and the intended effects? Implement the EU Directive on Attacks against Information Systems as referenced in objective one of the r UK Cyber Security Strategy; 12 Contribute to the Home Secretary's commitment in the Serious and Organised Crime Strategy to relentlessly disrupt organised crime; and 3_ Reduce the threat and impact of cyber crime by ensuring our legislation is up to dale and so bring offenders to justice and deter individuals from committing cyber offences in the first instance_ - - ! I have read the Impact Assessment and I am satisfied that (a) it represents a fair and reasonable view of the expected costs, benefits and impact of the policy, and (b) that the benefits justify the costs. Signed by the responsible Minister: Date: '6 IG.I l'-f Summary: Analysis & Evidence Description: FULL ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT Policy Option 2 .Price Base . PV Base Time Period Net _Elenefit (Present Value (PV)) (£m) l Year Year Years Low: I High: Best Estimate: Negligible COSTS (£m) Low High Best Estimate Total