within section 37(2). (6) The authorised person must, to be satisfied that the exercise of the power is proportionate, be satisfied thatÑ (a) there are no other means of obtaining the information sought by the authorised person which avoid that risk, or (b) there are such other means, but it is not reasonably practicable to use them. (7) Subsection (8) applies if the authorised person thinks that, in exercising the power in subsection (1), there is a risk of obtaining confidential information. (8) The authorised person must, to be satisfied that the exercise of the power is proportionateÑ (a) have regard to the matters in subsection (9), and (b) be satisfied thatÑ (i) there are no other means of obtaining the information sought by the authorised person which avoid that risk, or (ii) there are such other means, but it is not reasonably practicable to use them. (9) The matters referred to in subsection (8)(a) areÑ (a) the amount of confidential information likely to be stored on the device, and (b) the potential relevance of the confidential information to a purpose within subsection (2) or section 37(2). (10) An authorised person must have regard to the code of practice for the time being in force under section 42 in exercising, or deciding whether to exercise, the power in subsection (1). (11) This section does not affect any power relating to the extraction or production of information, or any power to seize any item or obtain any information, conferred by an enactment or rule of law. 46 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 42 Code of practice about the extraction of information (1) The Secretary of State must prepare a code of practice containing guidance about the exercise of the powers in sections 37(1) and 41(1). (2) The code may make different provision for different purposes or areas. (3) In preparing the code, the Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) the Information Commissioner, (b) the Scottish Ministers, (c) the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland, (d) the Commissioner for Victims and Witnesses, (e) the Domestic Abuse Commissioner, (f) the Commission for Victims and Survivors for Northern Ireland, and (g) such other persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. (4) Subsection (3)(f) does not apply on or after the day appointed under Article 4(4) of the Victims and Survivors (Northern Ireland) Order 2006 (S.I. 2006/2953 (N.I. 17)) (power to revoke Article 4).