and approved (see process below) A person may seek medical exception from the AFO/NFI policy via the below process. • Consultation with Occupational Health • Force Medical Advisor advice must be sought and provided to Armed Policing Portfolio Inspector. • Armed Policing Portfolio Inspector will review and authorise or decline the medical exception in writing. Arbitration The final arbiter of compliance with these standards is the Armed Policing Supervisor for that shift on which the officer concerned is parading, or where no such person is available to Operational Firearms Commander. Where an individual is found to have failed to comply or meet the standards concerned, immediate rectification must be directed. Where an individual fails to meet the policy on 3 or more occasions, a report must be made in writing to the Armed Policing Portfolio Inspector who may consider further action in line with the Wiltshire Police Policy and Code of Ethics (Standards of professional behaviours, orders and instructions). Make up, Cosmetics, Perfume (also to mean aftershave and body deodorant products) and Sunscreen Uniformed officers and staff who choose to do so should apply makeup, cosmetics and perfume in moderation so as not to become excessive or obtrusive. An exception shall be made where make up is used to conceal a physical disfigurement or blemish. Nail polish of a natural colour consistent across all the nails may be worn but jewellery or attachments to nails are not permitted. Sunscreen should be worn by staff on duty that are outside and exposed to the sun. The type chosen by the individual should not include vivid coloured sun blocks. Undercover officers may wear makeup commensurate with their role. Non uniformed officers and staff may wear makeup, cosmetics and perfume appropriate to their role which must remain smart and professional. Table of Contents Sunglasses Uniformed officers and staff may wear sunglasses / reactive lenses when driving or on foot patrol in conditions of bright sunlight. The frame type must be plain and appropriate for police duty. Sunglasses must always be removed when speaking to or dealing with a member of the public. Wiltshire Police will accept no liability for any damage to or loss of sunglasses. All officers and staff should adopt a sensible approach when wearing sunglasses, spectacles or contact lenses, ensuring that they are not offensive or likely to present a negative image of the organisation. Chewing Gum Chewing gum is not permitted when in the public view when representing Wiltshire Police. Chewing gum out of the public view is permitted subject to the correct disposal of wrappers and used gum so as not to cause an environmental nuisance. Jewellery, including Wrist Watches and Pins No jewellery should be worn which might cause offence or give reason for a member of the public to the doubt professionalism of the individual. This includes words, letters, symbols or pictures that might cause offence to individuals or our diverse communities. Uniformed officers and staff may wear wrist watches, plain rings, small tie pins. The