be detected at a concentration as low as 30 mg%. At these levels, the individual may not be aware of any impairment, but it may nevertheless be present. 4.2 In line with these experimental observations, a workplace alcohol limit of 29 mg% in blood has been adopted in respect of safety critical areas, where any risk of impairment is unacceptable. 4.3 An alcohol limit of 29 mg% in blood does not preclude moderate drinking, for example during the evening before a period of duty that commences the following morning. The relationship between alcohol consumption and blood alcohol concentration will depend on many variables, such as the pattern of consumption, the type of beverage consumed, and the individualÕs body mass, metabolism and gender. Nevertheless, as with guidance given in relation to the 80 mg% blood alcohol limit for driving, broad indications can be provided to help individuals avoid situations in which they might exceed a workplace alcohol limit. 4.4 An average 70 kg male consuming 2 units of alcohol (e.g. one pint of moderate strength beer, 3.5% v/v) could achieve a theoretical maximum blood alcohol concentration of 30 mg%. (The actual concentration is likely to be lower, as the alcohol is not absorbed instantaneously.) The body eliminates alcohol at about the rate of 15 mg% per hour; thus an average person might expect a blood alcohol concentration of 30 mg% to fall to zero over a period of approximately 2 hours. It must be emphasised that these figures are only illustrations and provide only broad indications of alcohol levels for an average individual. Table of Contents DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Professional Standards Procedure Owner/Author: Supt. Head of Professional Standards Technical Author: D.Insp CCU Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Deputy Chief Constable Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 25.05.2018 2.0 Data Protection section amended to reflect implementation of GDPR and new DPA. 15.03.2021 3.0 Minor amendments: Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020, Counter- Corruption Unit updated, further clarity provided regarding reporting processes. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 15.03.2021 3.0 Head of Professional Standards 15.03.2021 3.0 JNCC (Not required for all procedures) N/A Minor amendments only Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: SharePoint Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this procedure (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Procedure: Training Requirements No additional training required. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required. WILTSHIRE POLICE TRAINING AND PROBATIONARY PROCEDURAL GUIDANCE FOR STUDENT OFFICERS Department People Development & People Services Version 3.0 Date of Publication April 2021 Review Date April 2023 Technical Author Natalie Strong Table of Contents 1.1 Glossary of Terms 4 1.2 Related Policies, Procedures and Other Documents 4 1.3 Authorised Professional Practice 4 1.4 Law Relating to this Document 4 1.5 Data Protection 4 1.6 Freedom of Information Act 2000 4 1.7 Monitoring &