remit of the regulation in any way, it must be brought up to the specification of the regulation. Double submissions will be required in all cases where the certifying body cannot readily inspect the arm to ensure that all work has been carried out in compliance with the regulation. Additional UK specific requirements (noted throughout) apply under Article 6, Directive (EU) 2015/1535 of the European parliament and of the council. 2010: Adapting shotgun magazines and deactivating firearms 2010 specifications for the deactivation of firearms These specifications still apply to firearms that fall outside the scope of Implementing Regulation 2018/337 including, but not limited to flare pistols, launchers, mortars and artillery pieces. Details: The Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 defines the types of smooth- bore guns which may be held on a shotgun certificate. This document describes how another type of firearm may be classified as a shotgun if it is adapted in an approved way. It also contains guidance on deactivating firearms. From 8 April 2016 the deactivation of firearms is covered by EU Implementing Regulation 2015/2403, ÔEstablishing common guidelines on deactivation standards and techniques for ensuring that deactivated firearms are rendered irreversibly inoperableÕ. Changes in the law Firearms Act 2023 When commenced, the Firearms Act 2023 will require operators of a miniature rifle range or shooting gallery, operating under section 11(4) of the Firearms Act 1968, to hold a firearms certificate. A new o?ence on the possession of component parts of ammunition with intent to illegally manufacture complete rounds will also be introduced. A Home O?ce Circular setting out the legislative arrangements will be published in due course. Home O?ce circulars Circular 005/2023: The Firearms (Air Weapons) (Eng land and Wales) Rules 2023, sets out changes to the Firearms Rules 1998 from 31 July 2023 relating to the storage of air weapons to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, access to the air weapon by a person under the age of eighteen. Contact the Firearms and Weapons Policy Unit Email public.enquiries@homeo?ce.gov.uk for queries about UK firearms legislation and other firearms questions. Published 19 December 2012 Last updated 2 May 2024 + show all updates Explore the topic Crime prevention Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Guide on Firearms Licensing Law November 2022 © Crown copyright 2022 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open- government-licence/version/3 Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned. Contents Guide on Firearms Licensing Law