process and shears to remove clothing. Equipment as and when used should be replaced as soon as practicable with replacement equipment being issued from Wiltshire Police Stores, Devizes. 9. Employee responsibilities Public facing employees must ensure they: • Protect themselves at all times with personal protective equipment available to them. As a minimum gloves should be worn when approaching or treating a person suspected of being the victim of an acid attack. • Inform Force Control Room as soon as practical to instigate appropriate response from other agencies relevant information where possible should include state of casualty, areas affected by burns and risk to other personnel entering area. • Staff must have a basic first aid understanding of acid attacks and the initial phase of managing their own safety and that of affected casualties. • Remain in-date and competent with first aid training • Operate within the policies and protocols of Wiltshire Police at all times when operational; this should include completing any relevant paperwork relating to the injury / care delivered for the First Aid Working Group to review. 10. Policy Review and Clinical Governance Given the infancy of acid attack awareness across the County this whole policy will be reviewed in six monthsÕ time as it is expected incidents will have evolved and the Operational capability to respond to incidents of this nature may well have changed. There will be quarterly meetings of members of the First Aid Working Group to ensure Compliance with Force Policy, Audit of incidents where first aid skills of officers have been utilised and a report prepared for the quarterly Health and Safety Meeting. Any complaints / incidents relating to officers and their actions will be dealt with swiftly, robustly and in- line with Wiltshire Police Complaints Policy. With the staffing structure we have in place one of our key aims is to be transparent, learn from any incidents and ensure compliance with local and national Policies / Requirements. Wiltshire Police have the added benefit of having a Consultant in Emergency Medicine who can review incidents and if necessary offer support and advice on incidents. With an effective governance structure in place Officers and staff should feel supported in making decisions and not in fear of retribution / disciplinary action. Appendix A Operational Response to Acid Attacks WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE PROCEDURE First Aid Scope of Practice Procedure Effective from: 14.02.2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Identification 3 Ownership 3 Revision History 3 Approvals 3 Distribution 3 Equality Impact Assessment 4 Consultation 4 Implications of the Procedure 4 Training Requirements 4 IT Infrastructure 4 STRATEGIC PRIORITIES 5 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS 5 DATA PROTECTION 5 FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 5 MONITORING and REVIEW 5 WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE 5 Identification Procedure Title: First Aid - Scope of Practice Procedure Version: V2 Ownership Department Responsible: Health and Safety, People Services Procedure Owner: Sarah Somers, Head of Health and Safety Dr Rachel Oaten, Consultant in Emergency Medicine Revision History Effective From 14.02.2020 Next