are only supported by panels which have been designed and installed to perform this function. • Check that the inner and outer skins are adhering tightly to the core. • Ensure that the panels are correctly secured to the structure or are designed to be independently structurally secure. One solution is to ensure the retaining brackets bolt the panel to a support frame through the outer and inner skins; • Ensure large roof cavities are appropriately protected, e.g. escape routes are clear, signed and have limited travel distance, and fire warning systems are audible. The use of combustible panels in areas of buildings with a high life risk, e.g. where large numbers of people are present, should be carefully considered. Your fire risk assessment may need to be revised to ensure that any increased risk resulting from this type of construction is considered. The potential for fire development involving mineral fibre cores is less than that for panels containing polymeric cores. Therefore, in areas where there is considerable life risk, it may be appropriate to consider replacing combustible panels, providing a fire suppression system or installing non-combustible fire breaks within or between the panels at suitable intervals. Insulated core panels should be installed by a competent person in accordance with industry guidance. Guidance on the design, construction, specification and fire management of insulated core panels has been published by the International Association of Cold Storage Contractors.59 1.11 Restricting the spread of fire and smoke To reduce the risk to people if there is a fire, you need to consider how to control or restrict the spread of fire and smoke. The majority of people who die in fires are overcome by the smoke and gases. It is important ensure that, in the event of fire, the rate of fire growth is restricted in its early stages. It should also be noted that most measures which restrict the rate of fire growth in its early stages will also serve to restrict the fire spread in its later stages. Display materials and decorations Displays are often located in corridors, entrance foyers and shop floors, and generally comprise materials such as paper, cardboard and plastic which provide a means for the rapid spread of fire. You should assess how these materials could contribute to the development of a fire in the area where they are located. To reduce the risk of fire spread, you should consider the following: • avoid the use of displays in corridors and foyers; • minimise the size and number of display areas to discrete, separated areas; • treating displays with proprietary flame- retardant sprays; • the use of display boxes; • keep displays away from curtains, light fittings and heaters; • keep displays away from ceiling voids which may lack fire barriers; and • ensure that there are no igntion sources in the vicinity. Staff information should be confined to appropriately located display boards in areas away from escape routes. Display boards may be used on escape routes