property, or has held property that was recoverable property or associated property at the time, or the property specified in the application for the order is recoverable property or associated property; • there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that, in the case of a confiscation investigation, the person specified in the application for the order has benefited from his criminal conduct; • there are reasonable grounds for believing that: o the person the application specifies as appearing to be in possession or control of the material so specified is in possession or control of it; o the material is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by itself) to the investigation for the purposes of which the order is sought; and o it is in the public interest for the material to be produced or for access to it to be given, having regard to the benefit likely to accrue to the investigation if the material is obtained, and to the circumstances under which the person the application specifies as appearing to be in possession or control of the material holds it. Particular action to be taken in making an application 150. An application for a disclosure order should state: • the identity of the person who is subject to a confiscation 38 See the Proceeds of Crime (Disclosure Orders: Confiscation Investigations) (Specified Person) Order 2014, SI 2014/3207. investigation , or the identity of the person or details of the property which is subject to a civil recovery investigation; • that the order is sought for the purposes of that investigation; • whether the appropriate officer is likely to require answers to questions and/or information and/or documents; • if applicable and practicable, the name of the person or persons against whom the power may be used; • the grounds on which the application is made (including details of the investigation); and • why a disclosure order is required in preference to the other powers of investigation. Providing of information and production of documents 151. Production of documents or information in response to a disclosure order must follow, so far as relevant, the processes set out for production orders in paragraphs 55 to 73 above. The appropriate officer should give notice in writing to anyone whom he wishes to provide information or documents. In addition to the general requirements at paragraph 36 this notice should include, where applicable; • whether the appropriate officer wants the respondent to provide information under section 357(4)(b) and a description of that information; • whether the appropriate officer wants the respondent to produce documents under section 357(4)(c), and the documents or class of documents required. 152. In respect of requests for information under section 357(4)(b) or documents under section 357(4)(c), the appropriate officer should keep a copy of the disclosure order together with all the notices requesting information and/or documents under the disclosure order. The appropriate officer should also keep a record of all the documents and information submitted in response to the notices.