line supervisor or line manager to inform them if they are undertaking overtime within a different role or area of the Force. Compliance This policy complies with the following legislation and policy: • Working Time Regulations 1998 • Police Regulations 2003 Glossary of Terms Term Meaning JNCC Joint Negotiation and Consultation Committee OPCC/PCC Office of the Police Crime Commissioner/Police Crime Commissioner Related Policies, Procedures and Other Documents This Overtime and Working Time tracking policy and procedure should be read in conjunction with current existing policies on: • Working Time • Duty Time • VSA (Variable Shift Arrangements) • Rest Day Working • Shortchanges to working patterns • Bank Holiday working • Working during annual leave • Police Regulations • Police Staff Handbook • Law Relating to this Document Leading statutory authority Working Time Regulations 1998 Health & Safety Act Work Act 1974 Equality Act 2010 Police (Health and Safety) Act 1997 Data Protection Act/Access to Medical Records Act 1998 The General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 Data Protection Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The General Data Protection Regulation requires employers to comply with principles for processing personal data, including to protect against unauthorised access of personal data. Personal data that is inappropriately accessed or disclosed may constitute a data breach. The GDPR requires organisations to keep a record of all data breaches and, where the breach is likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, the organisation must notify the Information Commissioner within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach. If the data breach results in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, those individuals must be notified without undue delay. Freedom of Information Act 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. Monitoring and Review Monitoring the effectiveness of the procedure will be undertaken in conjunction with Human Resources to establish the type of queries that arise. It is the responsibility of Human Resources to ensure this procedure is updated in line with any legislative changes and will ensure it is reflective of best practice. Who to Contact About This Procedure HR are responsible for this procedure. All queries should be via the People Services Centre. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership Department Responsible: People Services Procedure Owner/Author: Head of People Services and Change Technical Author: Graham Cooper Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Director of People and Change Revision History Revision Date Version Summary of Changes Approvals This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Force Policy Office 14.05.2021 2.0 Head of People Services & Diversity 14.05.2021 2.0 JNCC 04.02.2021 2.0 Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Diversity Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc.): Name & Title Date Consulted