or a public sector body in England, Wales and Northern Ireland (similar legislation exists in Scotland) Ð the FOIA imposes certain duties to communicate information which is requested by any person (subject to procedural requirements and exemptions). These duties are not affected by the Act. 3.63. Although as a matter of law the FOIA could be used by one public authority to extract information from another, the FOIA is not primarily intended to be used for that purpose. Public authorities have an implicit duty of co-operation in the discharge of public functions which should facilitate information flow. As such, public authorities which are Category 1 or 2 responders should not regard the FOIA as the principal basis for making requests from each other about civil protection matters. Category 2 responders which are not public authorities should also not rely on the provisions of the FOIA as the principal basis to acquire information for civil protection purposes. 3.64. Instead, Category 1 and 2 responders should follow the two-stage process set out in earlier paragraphs. In the first instance, they should consider whether it is possible to get the information they seek through other means. 3.1. 3.65. It is only if the information is not publicly or informally available that Category 1 or 2 responders should seek to use the formal mechanisms set out above. But this remains a last resort. 3.66. In most respects, the information sharing provisions in the Act and Regulations are broader than those in the FOIA. The FOIA recognises that the information will enter the public domain. The Act recognises that the information stays within the civil protection community. As a result, the Act allows certain types of sensitive information to be shared which would be unlikely to be disclosed under FOIA. 3.67. It is important however that WRF, LRFs and any multi LRF group agree protocols for dealing with individual FOIA requests. This will ensure that multi-LRF, WRF or LRF responders who receive the same individual FOIA request from the public or media can produce a co-ordinated response to the request. The process may mean identifying a lead responder to deal with specific FOIA requests on behalf of the multi LRF/WRF or LRF responders bearing in mind what can and cannot be disclosed under the CCA. 3.68. Detailed guidance on the FOIA can be found on the Ministry of Justice website at www.justice.gov.uk Environmental Information Regulations 2004 3.69. The EIR provide for the freedom of access to information on the environment, subject to certain conditions. 3.70. Further information is available through the website of the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, at www.defra.gov.uk 3.1. Data Protection Act 1998 3.71. The DPA provides certain rights to individuals to request information from public bodies about personal data held by them which relates to that individual. It also provides limits on the use or processing of such data by public authorities. The Data Protection Act must be considered in relation to the duties imposed under the Act