the costs of up to £235k per prosecution. Risks • As the threat of cyber crime changes and individuals have greater access to malware, there is a risk that there could be an increase in prosecutions under section 3A. • The changes to the legislation will only lead to a reduction in the number of cyber attacks if the police are able to arrest the offenders when they obtain the tools but before they carry out the attack. • There is also a risk that there could be a greater increase than expected in.extradition cases particularly in relation to section 3A which is not currently covered by extra territorial jurisdiction provisions. This could incur significant cost to the Criminal Justice System. • See Annex A for assumptions and risks for Criminal Justice costs. Consultation Cross-government consultation and parliamentary scrutiny took place during the negotiations related to the Directive. Following adoption, further consultation has taken place in relation to compliance with the _ Directive. Within Government: • Ministry of Justice • Crown Prosecution Service • Attorney General's Office • Cabinet Office • Security and Intelligence Agencies Outside Government: • A selection of police forces in England and Wales • National Crime Agency Summary and preferred option with description of implementation plan In summary, the threat from and impact of cyber crime is growing and the nature of these crimes are changing. We need our legislation to be up to date with emerging technical capabilities and to operate across geographical boundaries, as do many of these crimes. We are also required to implement the EU Directive, which we are compliant with save for two elements. Amending the Computer Misuse 'Act as outlined will support us in these' aims. Implementation plan The government plans to implement these changes through the [Serious Crime Bill] (expected to be introduced in parliament in [June] 2014). Dependant on its safe passage, commencement would need to be in September 2015. Monitoring We expect to monitor the number of prosecutions under the amendments and the range of sentences handed down. In addition the EU has committed to evaluating the EU Directive within 5 years of entering into force; the UK will contribute to this review. Annex A: Assumptions and risks/limitations of Criminal Justice costs f- ------------A_s_s_u_m p t_io_n I::::::_-_á_á-ááá_á-_á-_á_R:i-sks/Limitation_s _ Progression of a case through the courts (e.g., proportion proceeded against in the Magistrates v. Crown) Section 3A offence In the absence of robust proxy data for the new offence of procuring malware for personal use to commit offences under section 1 or 3 of the 1990 Computer Misuse Act, two scenarios were estimated. One where all cases progress through the Magistrates court and the otherwhere all progress through the Crown Court. It is unlikely in reality that all cases will progress through one court. There is a risk that more/fewer offenders may be tried in the Magistrates' Courts or the Crown Courts Extension of extra territorial jurisdiction For the lower cost estimate, data from 2012 was used across