University London and Equality Now http://openaccess.city.ac.uk/12382/ 13 Macfarlane A, Dorkenoo E. (2015) Prevalence of Female Genital Mutilation in England and Wales: National and local estimates. London: City University London and Equality Now http://openaccess.city.ac.uk/12382/ 14 http://openaccess.city.ac.uk/12382/ (see dataset) 15 https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/publications/statistical/female-genital-mutilation 16 https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/clinical-audits-and-registries/female-genital-mutilation-datasets Names for FGM FGM is known by a variety of names, including Ôfemale genital cuttingÕ, ÔcircumcisionÕ or ÔinitiationÕ. The term Ôfemale circumcisionÕ is anatomically incorrect and misleading in terms of the harm FGM can cause. The terms ÔFGMÕ or ÔcutÕ are increasingly used at a community level, although they are not always understood by individuals in practising communities, largely because they are English terms. See Annex G for terms used for FGM in different languages and Annex C for advice about how to talk about FGM. 2.5. FGM and Other Forms of Violence Against Women and Girls FGM is a form of violence against women and girls which is, in itself, both a cause and consequence of gender inequality17. Whilst FGM may be an isolated incident of abuse within a family, it can be associated with other behaviours that discriminate against, limit or harm women and girls. These may include other forms of honour- based abuse (e.g. forced marriage) and domestic abuse. There have been reports of cases where individuals have been subjected to both FGM and forced marriage18. If a professional has a concern about an individual who may be at risk of forced marriage, they should consult the multi-agency practice guidelines on handling cases of forced marriage19. Further information about FGM, including the motives for and consequences of it, can be found in Annex A. 17 Violence prevention: the evidence (who.int) 18 Civil protection for (potential) victims of forced marriage is covered by the Forced Marriage (Civil Protection) Act 2007. 19 www.gov.uk/forced-marriage#guidance-for-professionals Chapter 3: The Law in England and Wales This chapter provides information for heads of organisations and front-line professionals who have a statutory responsibility to protect children and vulnerable adults. Key points FGM is illegal in England and Wales under the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003. As amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015, the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 now includes: • An offence of failing to protect a girl from the risk of FGM; • Extra-territorial jurisdiction over offences of FGM committed abroad by UK nationals and those habitually (as well as permanently) resident in the UK • Lifelong anonymity for victims of FGM; • FGM Protection Orders which can be used to protect girls at risk; and • A mandatory reporting duty which requires specified professionals to report known cases of FGM in under 18s to the police. In England and Wales, criminal and civil legislation on FGM is contained in the Female Genital Mutilation Act 200320 (Òthe 2003 ActÓ). 20 Parts of the 2003 Act also apply in Northern Ireland. In Scotland, FGM legislation is contained in the Prohibition of Female Genital Mutilation (Scotland) Act 2005. 3.1. Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 Under section 1(1) of the 2003 Act, a person