vacancy, the vacancy is to be regarded as occurring on the date mentioned in subsection (1)(e).] (3) The appropriate officer must give public notice of a vacancy in the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area. (4) The appropriate officer must give notice of a vacancy in the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area to the police area returning officer. (5) Any notice under subsection (3) or (4) must be given as soon as practicable after the date on which the vacancy is to be regarded under this section as occurring. 60 Declaration of vacancy in certain cases (1) Subsection (2) applies whereÑ (a) a police and crime commissioner for a police area becomes disqualified (whether by virtue of this or any other Act)Ñ (i) from being a police and crime commissioner, or (ii) from being the police and crime commissioner for the police area, (b) the person elected as police and crime commissioner for a police area fails to make and deliver a declaration of acceptance of office in accordance with section 70, or (c) a vacancy arises under section 63 (incapacity of commissioner: acting commissioner acting for 6 months). (a) 58 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) The appropriate officer must forthwith declare the office of police and crime commissioner for that police area to be vacant, unlessÑ (a) it has been declared vacant by the High Court, or (b) an application has been made to the High Court for a declaration under section 71 and the grounds in issue include any ground on which the appropriate officer would (but for this paragraph) make the declaration. 61 Resignation of commissioner (1) A police and crime commissioner may at any time resign office by giving notice to the appropriate officer. (2) Any such resignation takes effect on the officer's receipt of the notice. Vacancy or incapacity 62 Appointment of acting commissioner (1) The police and crime panel for a police area must appoint a person to act as police and crime commissioner for that area (the Òacting commissionerÓ) ifÑ (a) no person holds the office of police and crime commissioner for that area, (b) the police and crime commissioner for that area is incapacitated, or (c) the police and crime commissioner for that area is suspended in accordance with section 30. (2) The police and crime panel may appoint a person as acting commissioner only if the person is a member of the police and crime commissioner's staff at the time of the appointment. (3) In appointing a person as acting commissioner in a case where the police and crime commissioner is incapacitated, the