e.g. locked cabinets, and that access to relevant keys is controlled. At the end of a working day, you must: • Logoff your PC or laptop; • Clear your desk, and lock all sensitive computer media and documents away in a drawer or cabinet with suitably restricted access; • If you are a user of a laptop or handheld device, and you are not taking it with you, you must lock it away in a drawer or cabinet with suitably restricted access. 15. REMOTE WORKING Remote workers include all users who use the ForceÕs information and information processing facilities whilst not located on the ForceÕs premises, e.g. workers who are located in other organisationsÕ offices, working remotely and travelling. Home workers are users who have been authorised to use the ForceÕs information and information processing facilities whilst based at home. All remote/home working must comply with the Agile Working and Remote Computing Policy. 16. REPORTING INFORMATION SECURITY INCIDENTS In order for Wiltshire Police and OPCC to be able to manage and deal with security incidents successfully, they must be captured and logged. If you suspect or have knowledge of a security incident or security event, or a breach of the ForceÕs information security policies or procedures, or a software malfunction, or a security weakness in any Force building, network or information system, you must report the concern immediately to the Information Security Officer or ICT Security Officer and/or your line manager. If out of office hours and urgent, i.e. theft of ICT device, notify the FIM immediately. Examples of a security incident include: • Physical damage to the ForceÕs IT equipment; • Compromise/loss of sensitive documents and information, e.g. personal data; • Unauthorised use of another userÕs account (masquerading of user identity); • • Divulging a password to another user without authority; • Improper use of e-mail or the Internet, e.g. harassing e-mails, downloading or distribution of pornographic images; • Unauthorised copying of the ForceÕs information; • Damage to the ForceÕs property that could impact information security; • Access to the ForceÕs premises without authority; and • Theft of the ForceÕs IT equipment. It is vital that you report all security incidents. Withholding information and failing to report an incident could result in you being held personally liable. Staff must not attempt to deal with the security incident (other than reporting the incident). If in doubt, please contact the Information Security Officer, ICT Security Officer or your line manager for advice. 17. SECURE DISPOSAL AND RE-USE OF EQUIPMENT All of the ForceÕs information and software must be securely wiped from ForceÕs IT equipment before disposal or re-use of the equipment. All equipment intended for disposal and re-use must be returned to the ICT Department who shall securely wipe ForceÕs information and software from the equipment. 18. PROTECTION AGAINST MALICIOUS CODE Computer viruses, spyware and other forms of malicious code exploit vulnerabilities in software programs and can cause loss and damage to the ForceÕs and OPCC information, software and IT equipment.