case of an application for an account monitoring order, only point (a) is applicable. be based on generalisations or stereotypical images of certain groups or categories of people being more likely to be involved in criminal activity. Reasonable suspicion should normally be linked to accurate and current intelligence or information. It can sometimes exist without specific information or intelligence and on the basis of some level of generalisation stemming from the behaviour of a person. However, reasonable suspicion cannot be founded retrospectively. Appropriate officers should therefore be able to explain the basis for their suspicion by reference to intelligence or information about, or some specific behaviour by, the person concerned. 24. In respect of each order or warrant to be granted, there is a statutory requirement that there must be reasonable grounds for believing that the material or information is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by itself) to the investigation. The appropriate officer must be satisfied that the material or information will progress the investigation. 25. There is also a statutory requirement that there must be reasonable grounds for believing that it is in the public interest that the material or information is obtained or accessed by the appropriate officer. The appropriate officer should make sure that the public interest in obtaining the order outweighs the disadvantages to the person against whom the order is being made. For example, an application for an account monitoring order against a bank should not normally be sought unless the appropriate officer considers that this may lead to the identification of monies greater than the anticipated cost to the bank in complying with the order13, or that the appropriate officer suspects that the information will be of substantial benefit with regards to the serious nature of the investigation. The appropriate officer must satisfy themselves that all of these statutory requirements are satisfied before making the application. Action to be taken in making an application 26. All the applications for the powers of investigation may be made to a judge in chambers without notifying the respondent. In deciding whether the application should be without notice, the appropriate officer must consider the benefit of not notifying the respondent of the contemplated order or warrant. An obvious and probably most common reason would be so as not to alert the person connected to an investigation that such is ongoing. Providing notification of the proceedings might enable the person to move material o r i n f o r m a t i o n and thereby frustrate the investigation. However, where an order is directed at a financial institution (who would be the respondent), the institution should normally be notified of the intention of making an application for an investigation order and given the opportunity to be represented at the application hearing. 27. An application in respect of a civil recovery investigation should be made to a judge of the High Court in accordance with any relevant civil procedure rules and Practice Direction.