how their engagement of the voluntary sector in the planning process might dovetail with work to meet that specific requirement. Engaging the voluntary sector at the local level By establishing the appropriate organisational framework, the voluntary sector can be properly factored into the planning process. This will ensure that the voluntary sector have the capability to carry out duties and are not used to replace statutory authorities and statutorily funded capabilities. Sound co-operation through the Local Resilience Forum (LRF) processes and directly with individual Category 1 responders should be based on an agreed framework. This structure needs to suit local circumstances, be understood by all concerned and have clearly identified points of contact. These contact arrangements must be kept up to date by regular formal and informal dialogue between each of the participants at local level. 14.10. There are several different models that can be applied at the local level. None is mandatory, but these models, either individually or in combination, can help Category 1 responders to discharge their duties under the Act. Model 1: Engagement through the LRF 14.11. At the local level, each LRF should consider including a voluntary sector representative. The representative should be able to speak on behalf of all the major voluntary organisations operating in the area, as well as any smaller, local voluntary organisations. Model 2: Establishing a voluntary sector subgroup of the LRF 14.12. Setting up a voluntary sector co-ordinating group at local level can help co- operation between the statutory services and local voluntary organisations. A representative from the local authority civil contingencies team will normally chair such a group. The group can bring together representatives from the voluntary sector organisations with an interest in civil protection which are active in the LRF area. The principal advantage of such a group is that it should enable all Category 1 responders to have a good understanding of the strengths and limitations of local voluntary sector organisations, and to consider including them in their planning to an extent that is realistic. 14.1. Model 3: Bilateral links on the basis of functions 14.13. One method of involving voluntary organisations in civil contingency planning is to group them where appropriate on the basis of their functions, and link them with the Category 1 responder responsible for those functions. This functional grouping can clarify the contributions which individual voluntary organisations can make. It can prevent duplicated demands on their services and enable Category 1 responders and voluntary organisations to make the best use of the voluntary contribution. Voluntary organisations can also be involved in functional planning and response matters by giving them representation at working groups associated with LRFs and wider groupings. 14.14. In some cases, there will be one Category 1 responder and one voluntary organisation linked to a specific function, for example, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) and the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI). In other cases, where a voluntary organisation performs a range of functions, it would need to be associated with more