the dispute. In particular, the Secretary of State may require a person mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b) to provide the Secretary of State or another person mentioned in that subsection with such information as the Secretary of State may specify. Subsection (7) applies if, in determining a dispute about security planning, the Secretary of State— provides information to a person mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b), or requires such a person to provide information to another person under subsection (5). The Secretary of State may require the person to whom the information is provided not to disclose the information without the consent of the Secretary of State. 24AQ Dispute resolution: powers This section applies where the Secretary of State has considered a dispute about security planning at an aerodrome. Where the dispute is about the contents of an aerodrome security plan, the Secretary of State may— make a declaration that a provision specified in the declaration is or is not to be included in the plan; make a declaration varying the plan. Where the dispute is about the implementation of a plan, the Secretary of State may do any or all of the following— make a declaration as to how any provision of the plan is to be construed; make a declaration as to how any provision of the plan is to be, or ought to have been, implemented; make a declaration varying the plan. In relation to any dispute, the Secretary of State may (whether or not the Secretary of State exercises any other power under this section) do either or both of the following— determine that a relevant person must pay to any other relevant person (“B”) a specified sum, or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner, in respect of costs reasonably incurred by B in connection with any security measures taken by B in relation to the aerodrome; make an order requiring a relevant person to pay costs. Subsection (4)(a) does not apply in relation to security measures taken by the chief officer of police for the relevant police area. 118 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In subsection (4)(b) “costs” means— the legal or other costs incurred by the Secretary of State (including costs attributable to the work of officials of the Secretary of State), and the legal or other costs incurred by any members of the security executive group or any of the relevant persons. 24AR Dispute resolution: appeals and enforcement etc. A relevant person may appeal