per year. Note that as some of these offenders would currently be given additional days through the existing adjudication system, this potentially overstates the impact on prison places. Without robust data on the outcome of adjudication, it is not possible to calculate the net impact on prison places, however overall we expect the impact will be similar to our estimate. 32. Using existing adjudication and incident reports, NOMS estimate that the new offence could lead to an additional 160 to 480 referrals to the police per annum for finds directly attributable to a prisoner. See annex A for a fuller outline of how this estimate was derived. The police 33. These additional referrals would impose downstream costs on the police of investigating reported incidents. There is some uncertainty about how long these investigations would take, however police force estimates3 suggest that they could last between 8 and 14 hours. Assuming that all referrals directly attributable to an individual are investigated, we estimate yearly costs to the police of between £50,000 and £250,0004. This is based on the average hourly opportunity cost of a SergeantÕs time. Wider CJS (including the Crown Prosecution Service, Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunal Services, the Legal Aid Agency and National Offender Management Services). 34. A proportion of the defendants referred will be prosecuted and these additional prosecutions will have costs on the wider CJS as they progress through the system. Using the estimated number of referrals for knife/weapon possession (NOMS), and data from the proxy offence of possession of a mobile phone in prison, we estimate that there will be around 30 to 80 additional prosecutions per year for the proposed new offence. The remaining cases of finds of weapons would not be referred either because there is insufficient evidence to prove possession; because there are 3 Estimates are based on data and experience of one police force only and therefore may not be fully representative of all forces. 4 In 2013/14 prices, rounded to nearest £50,000 1 insufficient aggravating factors in the circumstances of the crime to warrant referral or there is likelihood that the case would be discontinued by the police or CPS on public interest grounds. 35. To estimate the progression of a case through the Criminal Justice system and the associated costs to each agency (including CPS, HMCTS, LAA and NOMS) we use three proxy offences: i. Offences relating to having an article with blade or point in public place,5 ii. Possession of offensive weapons in a public place without lawful authority or reasonable excuse,6 iii. Offence of unauthorised possession inside a prison of an item [mobile phone] specified in section 40D(3B) of the Prison Act 1952. 36. Using data for proxy offences one and two from 2013, we estimate that approximately 80% of all cases will be tried in the magistratesÕ court and 20% in the Crown Court where the CPS, HMCTS and LAA costs tend to be higher. Proxy offences one and two were used because experience suggests that the