regulator needs to deliver proactive consumer regulation are additional and that the people doing it have the appropriate skills, we will ensure that robust economic regulation is maintained. Adapting to new challenges 83. The Call for Evidence specifically asked about areas of economic regulation that might not be working or may face future challenges. Most respondents did not specify areas in which regulation should change. Rather, they identified potential risks to its effectiveness. These aligned with the regulatorÕs own assessment of sector risk and where the greatest challenges were likely to be going forward. These are: • Sector diversity and development risk; • New business models (for example lease- based providers of supported housing); • The impact of for-profit providers on the sector and tenants; • The potential impact on economic regulation of changes to consumer regulation. 84. The social housing sector has changed significantly over recent years. The regulator has adapted its approach to keep ahead of these changes. Its annual Sector Risk Profile20 which sets out the range of strategic and financial challenges facing the social housing sector is valued by providers. 85. In terms of sector diversity and development risk, the regulator actively highlights areas where it believes risks are increasing. The regulator is using its oversight and regulatory powers to assess the risks associated with lease-based models. It has set out the challenges commonly associated with this business model in its addendum to its Sector Risk Profile and signalled clearly that it will continue to do all it can to protect tenantsÕ homes and, where possible, keep them in the social rented sector.21 86. For-profit providers have existed in the social housing sector for some time, and their presence has increased significantly in the last two years. There are clearly opportunities brought by new and increased sources of investment to fund social housing. These providers can bring with them new ideas and ways of working that could present opportunities for specialisation, operating or financial efficiencies, and improved quality for tenants. In response to the Call for Evidence we heard some concerns that profit maximisation could result in a poor service to tenants. As the for-profit sector continues to grow, we will continue work to ensure we understand its impact properly. However, the reforms to consumer regulation set out above will address the risk of poor service delivery for all providers, with new tenant satisfaction measures and a new inspection regime driving landlords to deliver high quality services to tenants. 87. We have concluded it is not necessary to make significant changes to the economic regulation regime at this time. However, we will continue to consider whether there are any further refinements to the existing regulatory framework that are necessary to retain robust economic regulation. 88. There are some changes that can be made to the legislation to improve the ability of the Regulator of Social Housing to monitor all housing associations and other private registered providers. We will: • Tighten the definition of Ônon-profitÕ in relation