(MoJ), 2013. More cases will be tried in the Crown where the costs tend to be higher. Proportion of defendants found guilty * Around 80% of defendants are convicted (from proxy offence three). We assume this will be the same for the proposed offence. Source: Further breakdown of Criminal Justice Statistics, Ministry of Justice (MoJ), 2013. * Fewer/more defendants will be convicted. Disposals given: * All offenders are given a custodial sentence. * All custodial sentences are served consecutively. Average custodial sentence length: * We use latest data from proxy offences 1 and 2 to estimate the ACSL give. This is because they have the same maximum penalty as the proposed offence. * Data from 2013 shows that across both offences the ACSL given was around six months, we assume this will be the same for the proposed offence. Source: Further breakdown of Criminal Justice Statistics, Ministry of Justice (MoJ), 2013. * Risk that the time between charge and conviction means that some offenders are sentenced whilst out of custody and therefore are given a disposal other than a custodial sentence. * Possibility that custodial sentences are served concurrently and pose no additional costs on the prisons service. This is a judicial decision. * That the ACSL given is shorter or longer. * Offenders given less than 12 months in custody are not currently subject to supervision on release. Under the Offender Rehabilitation Act 2014 this will change but for the purposes of this IA we have based estimates of cost on current 8 In section 139 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988. Triable either way offence with a maximum penalty of four yearsÕ imprisonment. 9 In section 1 of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953. Triable either way offence with a maximum penalty of four yearsÕ imprisonment. * As the ACSL is less than 12 months we assume that offenders served half of their sentence in custody and have no post-release licence requirements. Source: MoJ Internal Analysis 2014. practice. * Our analysis does not take into account the possible interaction with other policies that have not yet been commenced. * There is the risk that such policies, once commenced, could have an impact on the base case set out in this impact assessment. As a result, the associated impacts may be under or over estimated. Cost assumptions CPS costs, advocacy costs: * The estimated CPS costs consist of two broad categories, advocacy costs and Activity Based Costings (ABC).The primary purpose of the ABC model is resource distribution, and has several limitations (see risks). The range of costs reflects the different ABC and advocacy costs for guilty plea and effective trials, as well as the assumption that 80% of the cases would be prosecuted in the magistratesÕ courts and 20% in the Crown Court. Source: CPS 2014; MoJ internal analysis, 2014. * The key limitation of the ABC model is that it is built purely on staff time and excludes accommodation and other ancillary costs (e.g. those associated with complex