before [F32 May 2022], the reference in subsection (2)(a) to [F4the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] is to be read as a reference to 6 months. (5) In consequence of subsections (1) to (3), in section 39 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 (which provides for common assault and battery to be summary offences punishable with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months)Ñ (a) the existing text becomes subsection (1); (b) after that subsection insertÑ Ò(2) Subsection (1) is subject to section 1 of the Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018 (which makes provision for increased sentencing powers for offences of common assault and battery committed against an emergency worker acting in the exercise of functions as such a worker).Ó (6) This section applies only in relation to offences committed on or after the day it comes into force. F52 Aggravating factor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 Meaning of Òemergency workerÓ (1) In sections 1 and 2, Òemergency workerÓ meansÑ (a) a constable; (b) a person (other than a constable) who has the powers of a constable or is otherwise employed for police purposes or is engaged to provide services for police purposes; (c) a National Crime Agency officer; (d) a prison officer; (a) Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018. (See end of Document for details) (e) a person (other than a prison officer) employed or engaged to carry out functions in a custodial institution of a corresponding kind to those carried out by a prison officer; (f) a prisoner custody officer, so far as relating to the exercise of escort functions; (g) a custody officer, so far as relating to the exercise of escort functions; (h) a person employed for the purposes of providing, or engaged to provide, fire services or fire and rescue services; (i) a person employed for the purposes of providing, or engaged to provide, search services or rescue services (or both); (j) a person employed for the purposes of providing, or engaged to provideÑ (i) NHS health services, or (ii) services in the support of the provision of NHS health services, and whose general activities in doing so involve face to face interaction with individuals receiving the services or with other members of the public. (2) It is immaterial for the purposes of subsection (1) whether the employment or engagement is paid or unpaid. (3) In this sectionÑ Òcustodial institutionÓ means any of the followingÑ (a) a prison; (b) a young offender institution, secure training centre, secure college or remand centre; (c) a removal centre, a short-term holding facility or pre-departure accommodation, as defined by section 147 of the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999; (d) services custody premises, as defined by section 300(7) of the Armed Forces Act 2006; Òcustody officerÓ