The terms and conditions must also provide for the deputy police and crime commissionerÕs appointment to end when, following an election held under section 51 to fill a vacancy in the office of the appointing police and crime commissioner, the person elected makes and delivers a declaration of acceptance of office under section 70(1). (3B) Subject to sub-paragraphs (3) and (3A), the terms and conditions may make such provision about termination as the appointing police and crime commissioner thinks appropriate.] (4) Section 7 of the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 (appointment of staff on merit) does not apply to the deputy police and crime commissioner. F197(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (6) For the purposes of this paragraph, a person is subject to a relevant disqualification if the person is disqualified from being elected as, or being, a police and crime commissioner underÑ (a) section 65(1) (police officers, police-related employment etc), other than paragraph (e)(ii); or (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 155 (b) section 66(1), (3)(a)(iii) or (iv), (3)(c) or (3)(d) (citizenship, bankruptcy, criminal convictions & corrupt or illegal election practices). Scrutiny of senior appointments 9 (1) A police and crime commissioner must notify the relevant police and crime panel of each proposed appointment by the commissioner ofÑ (a) the commissioner's chief executive, (b) the commissioner's chief finance officer, or (c) a deputy police and crime commissioner. (2) In a case where the police and crime commissioner notifies the relevant police and crime panel of such an appointment (Òa proposed senior appointmentÓ), the commissioner must also notify the panel of the following informationÑ (a) the name of the person whom the commissioner is proposing to appoint (Òthe candidateÓ); (b) the criteria used to assess the suitability of the candidate for the appointment; (c) why the candidate satisfies those criteria; and (d) the terms and conditions on which the candidate is to be appointed. 156 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 10 (1) This paragraph applies if a police and crime panel is notified under paragraph 9 of a proposed senior appointment. (2) The panel must review the proposed senior appointment. (3) The panel must make a report to the commissioner on the proposed senior appointment. (4) The report must include a recommendation