to o?er an alleged o?ender the option to discharge liability through an FPN. However, it can be more proportionate than prosecution through the courts. The duty of care requires occupiers of domestic property to take all reasonable measures that are available to them in the circumstances, to make sure that they only transfer household waste produced on their property to an authorised person. This reduces the chance of waste ending up in the hands of those who would fly-tip it. More detail on this duty of care is set out in section 5 of the Waste Duty of Care Code of Practice. You should follow this guidance when giving fixed penalties for breaches of the household waste duty of care as an alternative to prosecution. You should also follow the g eneral guidance on the use of fixed penalty notices. 2. When you can give fixed penalties You may give the FPN when an individual appears to have failed to comply with their duty of care under section 34(2A) of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 in England. For example: where fly-tipped waste can be traced back to an individual who is found to have failed to take reasonable steps to ensure that they transferred the waste to an authorised person where an unauthorised carrier is found to be carrying household waste that was directly transferred to them by the occupier of a domestic property where an individual is found to have transferred their household waste to an unauthorised person at a site that does not have a permit or exemption An authorised person may still fly-tip waste so tracing fly-tipped waste to a household does not necessarily demonstrate a breach of the duty of care. An individual should be given an opportunity to demonstrate that they took reasonable steps to determine the person that took their waste was authorised to do so. If fly-tipped waste is traced to an individual and they are unable to identify who took their waste, or the carrier they identify is unauthorised, then it is reasonable to believe their duty of care was not met. 3. When you should not or cannot issue fixed penalties Enforcement should focus on those who, as a result of not meeting their duty of care, enable their waste to be fly-tipped or otherwise inappropriately disposed of. Individuals should not be penalised for minor breaches which do not lead to waste being inappropriately disposed of. This includes where an individual uses an authorised carrier that disposes of their waste appropriately but doesnÕt check that they are authorised. 3.1 Proportionate use The government wishes to encourage a balanced approach to enforcement. The principles of the Regulators Code apply to the enforcement of the household waste duty of care. An e?ective environmental o?ences enforcement regime is one that is proportionate, consistent, targeted, transparent and accountable. Under the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Act 2006, you have a duty to carry out regulatory activities in a way which is transparent, accountable, proportionate and consistent,