respect of victims over 18 or to suspected victims in any age group. The power to extend the categories of regulated professionals to whom the duty is applied is therefore narrowly drawn, albeit that the power could, in principle, be used to apply the duty to any class of person operating in a professional capacity and subject to some level of regulation (for example, youth workers). By virtue of subsection (10) of the new clause, the regulation-making power is subject to the affirmative procedure. This is considered appropriate given the ‘Henry VIII’ nature of the power. It also recognises that in adding the new clause to the Bill Parliament will have agreed a particular set of regulated professions to whom the duty should apply and will ensure that both Houses have the opportunity to consider and approve any changes to the range of regulated professionals before such changes can take effect. New clause “Guidance about female genital mutilation”: Power to issue guidance in relation to the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 Power conferred on: Secretary of State Power exercisable by: Statutory Guidance Parliamentary procedure None The FGM Act already provides for offences in relation to FGM. Clauses 69 to 72 of the Bill make a number of amendments to the FGM Act to further strengthen the criminal and civil law to tackle FGM. These provisions extend the extra-territorial reach of the offences in the FGM Act so that they apply to offences involving habitual (as well as permanent) UK residents; introduce a new offence of failing to protect a girl at risk of FGM, grant lifelong anonymity to victims, and provide for a civil order (the FGM protection order) to protect potential victims. And, as indicated above, new clause “Duty to notify police of female genital mutilation“ further amends the FGM Act to place a duty on specified regulated professionals to notify the police when, in the course of their work, they discover that an act of FGM appears to have been carried out on a girl who is aged under 18. To complement these provisions, new clause “Guidance about female genital mutilation” enables the Secretary of State to issue guidance about any of the provisions in the FGM Act, as amended, or other matters relating to FGM. In preparing the guidance, the Secretary of State is under a duty to consult the Welsh Ministers so far as the guidance is to a body exercising devolved Welsh functions, and such other persons as she considers appropriate. Persons exercising public functions to whom the guidance is given will be under a duty to have regard to the guidance when exercising such functions. The intention is to place relevant aspects of the existing multi-agency practice guidelines on FGM1, updated to reflect the provisions in the Bill, on a 1 Available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/380125/MultiAg encyPracticeGuidelinesNov14.pdf statutory footing. That guidance provides information on identifying when a girl or young women may be at risk of FGM and responding appropriately to protect them, identifying when a