2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to provide the interested person with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the investigation is being carried out and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (9). (8) Where subsection (7) applies, it shall be the duty of the [F249Director General] to give the appropriate authority all such directions as [F262the Director General] considers appropriate for securing that that authority complies with its duty under that subsection; and it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to comply with any direction given to it under this subsection. [F263(8A) In any case in whichÑ (a) the complaint is being handled in accordance with paragraph 6(2A) of Schedule 3 otherwise than by the appropriate authority making arrangements for the complaint to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf, or (b) the recordable conduct matter or DSI matter is being handled in a manner determined by the appropriate authority in accordance with paragraph 10(4D), 11(3E), 14(2) or 14D(2) of Schedule 3 otherwise than by the appropriate authority making arrangements for the matter to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf, it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to provide the interested person with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the complaint, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter is being handled and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (9).] [F264(9) The matters of which the interested person must be kept properly informed areÑ (a) the progress of the handling of the complaint, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter; (b) the outcome of the handling of the complaint, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter; (c) such other matters as may be specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (9A) The generality of subsection (9)(a) and (b) is not affected by any requirement to notify an interested person that is imposed by any other provision of this Part.] (10) The duties imposed by this section on the [F249Director General] and the appropriate authority in relation to any complaint [F265, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter] shall be performed in such manner, and shall have effect subject to such exceptions, as may be provided for by regulations made by the Secretary of State. (11) Subsections (6) to (9) of section 20 apply for the purposes of this section as they apply for the purposes of that section. [F266(11A) In any case in which there is an investigation of