supervision order, meansÑ (a) in a case where the order imposes a curfew requirement and an electronic monitoring requirement, but does not impose an activity or supervision requirement, the person who under paragraph 6(4) is responsible for the electronic monitoring; (b) in any other case, the member of the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order who, as respects the defaulter, is for the time being 69 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing responsible for discharging the functions conferred by this Schedule on the responsible officer. (2) Where a supervision order has been made, it is the duty of the responsible officerÑ (a) to make any arrangements that are necessary in connection with the requirements contained in the order, and (b) to promote the defaulterÕs compliance with those requirements. (3) In giving instructions in pursuance of a supervision order, the responsible officer must ensure, so far as practicable, that any instruction is such as to avoid the matters referred to in paragraph 2(4). (4) A defaulter in respect of whom a supervision order is made mustÑ (a) keep in touch with the responsible officer in accordance with such instructions as the responsible officer may from time to time give to the defaulter, and (b) notify the responsible officer of any change of address. (5) The obligations imposed by sub-paragraph (4) have effect as a requirement of the supervision order. Amendment of operative period 8 (1) The appropriate court may, on the application of the injunction applicant or the defaulter, amend a supervision order by substituting a new period for that for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5) (subject to paragraph 2(6)). (2) The court may, on amending a supervision order pursuant to sub-paragraph (1), make such other amendments to the order in relation to any requirement imposed by the order as the court considers appropriate. Amendment on change of area of residence 9 (1) This paragraph applies where, on an application made by the injunction applicant or the defaulter in relation to a supervision order, the appropriate court is satisfied that the defaulter proposes to reside, or is residing, in the area of a youth offending team other than the team for the time being specified in the order. (2) If the application is made by the defaulter, the court to which it is made may amend the order by substituting for the youth offending team specified in the order the youth offending team for the area referred to in sub-paragraph (1) (or, if there is more than one such team for that area, such of those teams as the court may determine). (3) If the application is made by the injunction applicant, the court to which it is made must, subject as follows, so amend the order. (4) Where a court amends the supervision order pursuant to sub-paragraph (2) or (3) but the order contains a requirement which, in the opinion of the court, cannot reasonably