the emergency. Specific plans relate either to a particular emergency or kind of emergency, or to a specific site or location. Specific plans are a detailed set of arrangements designed to go beyond the generic arrangements when they are likely to prove insufficient in a particular case. A specific plan usually builds on a generic plan. For example, organisations which deal with hazardous materials may need specific plans for responding to a chemical spillage. Some organisations may have specific plans for conducting specific functions in response to an emergency. For instance, the emergency services will have plans for mass evacuation of an urban area and mass decontamination. Organisations should use their risk assessments to decide whether specific plans are necessary or desirable. Exercising plans and training staff Organisations should test the effectiveness of their emergency plans by carrying out exercises, and should ensure that staff involved in the planning for or response to an emergency receive appropriate training. Training plans should also consider other people who have a role in the emergency plans such as contractors and civil protection partners. The plans themselves should explicitly identify the nature and frequency of training and exercising required. The guide Emerg ency planning and preparedness: exercises and training (https://www.gov.uk/emerg ency-planning-and- preparedness-exercises-and-training) provides more information. Emergency planning at the local level Emergency planning is at the heart of the civil protection duty on Category 1 responders under the Civil Contingencies Act. The Act requires Category 1 responders to maintain plans for preventing emergencies; reducing, controlling or mitigating the effects of emergencies; and taking other action in the event of emergencies. These should draw on risk assessments and should have regard for the arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public at the time of an emerg ency (https://www.gov.uk/preparation-and-planning-for-emerg encies-the-capabilities- programme#warning-and-informing-the-public). The Regulations require plans to contain a procedure for determining whether an emergency has occurred; provision for training key staff; and provision for exercising the plan to ensure it is effective. Procedures should also be put in place to ensure that the plan is reviewed periodically and kept up to date. Category 1 responders should involve Category 2 responders - and other organisations which are not subject to the ActÕs requirements - as appropriate throughout the planning process. Category 1 responders are specifically required to have regard to the activities of relevant voluntary organisations when developing plans. The Regulations permit Category 1 responders to collaborate with other organisations in delivering the emergency planning duty. Category 1 responders also have a statutory duty to publish their emergency plans, to the extent necessary or desirable for the purpose of dealing with an emergency. Emergency planning at the sub-national level Planning at a multi-LRF level is different from planning at the local level. For more information on the sub-national tier, see the Arrangements in England (https://www.gov.uk/preparation-and-planning-for-emerg encies-responsibilities-of-responder- agencies-and-others#arrangements-in-england) section. Emergency planning in the devolved administrations It is equally important that organisations within the devolved administrations conduct effective emergency planning. The devolved administrations section below provides more detail