criminal proceedings by the Director of Public Prosecutions in any case in which it appears to him that there are exceptional circumstances which make it undesirable to delay the bringing of such proceedings. 212 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F795Accelerated procedure in special cases [F79620A(1) This paragraph applies where— at any time before the completion of an investigation of a complaint or recordable conduct matter, the person investigating [F797or, in the case of an investigation by a designated person under paragraph 19, the Director General,] believes that the appropriate authority would, on consideration of the matter, be likely to consider that the conditions in sub-paragraph (2) are satisfied, or at any time before the completion of an investigation of a complaint or recordable conduct matter being carried out by a person appointed under paragraph 18, the [F632Director General] determines that the appropriate authority would, on consideration of the matter, be likely to consider that the conditions in sub-paragraph (2) are satisfied. The conditions in this sub-paragraph are that— there is sufficient evidence, in the form of written statements or other documents, to establish on the balance of probabilities that conduct to which the investigation relates constitutes gross misconduct, and it is in the public interest for the person whose conduct it is to cease to be a member of a police force, or to be a special constable, without delay. Where this paragraph applies the person investigating, the appropriate authority and [F798(where the person investigating is not also the Director General carrying out an investigation under paragraph 19 personally)] the [F632Director General] must proceed in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 213 Regulations under sub-paragraph (3) may (amongst other things) make provision— for the person investigating to continue the investigation (whether to its full extent or to such lesser extent as is provided) or to stop investigating; for the person investigating to submit a report on the investigation [F799or, where