seriously as it should be, the Housing Ombudsman has published a new Complaint Handling Code. This promotes consistency across landlordsÕ complaints procedures and learning from complaints to drive service improvements. The new Code sets out what residents can expect from their landlord when they complain, how to make a complaint and how to progress it through the landlordÕs complaints procedure. The Code emphasises the importance of resident involvement in complaint handling through the formation of resident panels. Landlords have been asked to self-assess against the Code by 31 December 2020 and publish the results. Non- compliance with the Code could result in the Housing Ombudsman issuing complaint handling failure orders which will outline the details of any failure, be notified to the landlordÕs governance body, the responsible person or the Regulator of Social Housing (Òthe regulatorÓ) and be published on the OmbudsmanÕs website. The Housing Ombudsman has published guidance9 on these new orders that will be implemented from 1 January 2021. 29. To support this change, we have approved new powers for the Housing Ombudsman to identify best practice, outlined in the new Code, with which landlords will be expected to comply (see Box C: The Housing Ombudsman). In addition, the strengthened Housing Ombudsman Scheme includes new requirements on landlords to publish their complaints procedures on their websites and in correspondence to residents, and to deal with complaints in accordance with published procedures or within a reasonable timeframe. Resolving complaints more quickly Accelerating resolution of complaints by landlords 30. We want to see landlords putting things right for residents as quickly as possible before the Housing Ombudsman has to be involved. Residents told us that some complaints took weeks, and even months, for landlords to resolve. We also heard the experiences of residents who had been delayed in accessing the Housing Ombudsman Service as landlordsÕ complaints processes were slow and ineffective. To tackle this, landlords will be required to comply with the Housing OmbudsmanÕs Complaint Handling Code, ensuring that they have good processes in place to respond swiftly and effectively to complaints. 31. Resolving complaints within a landlordÕs own process can provide quicker outcomes for residents than a formal investigation by the Housing Ombudsman and can improve relationships between residents and landlords. The Housing Ombudsman can help to support the resolution of disputes before they reach the formal investigation stage. In 2019/20, 80% of complaints and enquiries were closed at this early stage by the Housing Ombudsman 9 https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Guidance-on-complaint-handling-failure-orders.pdf 10 The Housing OmbudsmanÕs role is set out in the legislation (Housing Act 1996) and the Housing Ombudsman Scheme. As at 31 March 2020, 2,303 landlords were members of the Scheme. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 27 28 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper without needing to go onto further, formal investigation.11 We want the Housing Ombudsman to use its increased resources to support improved complaint handling by landlords and to resolve a greater proportion of formal complaints quickly using