when certificate holders have the firearm with them for cleaning, repairing or testing it or in connection with its use, transfer or sale; or iii. for some other purpose connected with its use, transfer or sale; or iv. the firearm or ammunition is in transit in connection with any of these purposes. 18.3 Under the circumstances in paragraph (b) the certificate holder must take reasonable precautions for the safe custody of the firearms or ammunition. Further detail is set out below in Appendix 7 of this guidance and in the Firearms Security Handbook, produced jointly in 2020 by the Firearms and Explosives Working Group, the National Police Chiefs Council in England, Wales and Scotland, and the British Shooting Sports Council. 18.4 A similar safekeeping condition appears on a shot gun certificate. The only difference is that the condition does not extend to shot gun cartridges, although it is advisable to store them safely. Secure Storage 18.5 The Firearms Security Handbook referred to above provides advice on security measures appropriate to different types of firearms and ammunition in different circumstances. While the requirements to keep firearms securely are statutory, there are no statutory provisions on how this duty should be discharged. 157 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law The Firearms Rules 18.6 The Rules do not prescribe the form of safekeeping or security. As with most aspects of crime prevention, the police must look at the individual circumstances of each case and at the overall security arrangements that will be in place. The level of security should be proportionate to the risk and each case must be judged on its merits. A firearm is like any other property which needs protecting from the burglar/housebreaker or thief. Advice should be balanced and reasonable as well as comprehensive. 18.7 Section 24ZA of the 1968 Act, as inserted by section 46 of the Crime and Security Act 2010, makes it an offence for a person in possession of an air weapon to fail to take Òreasonable precautionsÓ to prevent someone under the age of eighteen from gaining unauthorised access to it. This does not require the holder to use gun cabinets, but they must take reasonable steps to prevent those under the age of eighteen from having unsupervised access to their air weapons. Those aged fourteen to seventeen may use air weapons unsupervised on private premises where they have permission (see Chapter 7). Factors for consideration 18.8 These include the following: a) A risk assessment based on the levels of property crime in the area. These may be subject to sudden temporary changes and it is helpful to look at the longer-term trends of property crime in an area, which are the more important factors; b) The remoteness or otherwise of the premises, and the potential response to calls for assistance, either by police or neighbours; c) The manner in which the property is overlooked and/or illuminated. These levels of natural surveillance afford the property a degree of protection; d) The amount of time during