particular injunction are significant and that publicity is appropriate. The following considerations are important to this decision: • Age Ð where the respondent is aged 14 to 17, applicants should be aware of the discretional reporting restrictions that may apply under section 39 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 to proceedings in respect of gang injunctions that are heard in the Youth Court. Section 39 provides that in any proceedings, other than criminal proceedings, the court may direct that reporting restrictions should apply. • Safety Ð would public disclosure of the respondentÕs name and other personal details generate risks to their personal safety (or that of family, partner(s) or associates) by, for example, identifying them with a particular gang and so risking reprisal attacks from rival gangs? • Human rights Ð would public disclosure of a respondentÕs details breach their human rights or cause data protection issues? The aims of the injunction and rights of the community should always be balanced against the rights of the respondent. • Enforcement Ð would public disclosure of a respondentÕs details reduce the likelihood of breach and improve enforcement? • Deterrence Ð would publicity about particular injunctions act as a significant deterrent to other potential perpetrators? Would the respondent be less likely to breach the injunction and encouraged to leave the gang as a result of the communityÕs awareness about the injunction? • Public reassurance Ð where sections of a community have been particularly affected by the behaviour of the respondent, they may be reassured that the police and local authorities are taking action against this violence or drug dealing. 50 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 15. Monitoring and review 15.1. The importance of case file management The case file is used to record all available and relevant information pertaining to a particular injunction. This should include: • the injunction, including all the prohibitions, requirements, duration and powers of arrest; • personal information about the respondent, including their name, age, address, a recent photograph and summary of past conduct; • a list of all involved partners, including individuals and their contact details; • any publicity strategy developed by the applicant; • breach information, including all reported evidence of breach and the reasoned decision(s) of the applicant as to whether to pursue breach hearing(s); • information on the variation, discharge, appeal and review of the injunction; and • any other information deemed relevant to the injunction. Effective case file management is essential if accurate and current information about the respondent and associated injunction is to be maintained. Accurate information will support effective and efficient enforcement, information sharing and court proceedings. It will ensure against wrongful arrests and misinformation through publicity activities. The local authority, police and other partners should circulate new information for the applicant to add to the case file. It is the responsibility of the applicant to manage and update the case file. It is particularly important for up to date information on the injunction