LRF general working group. It is likely that senior civil protection professionals will attend, who can help determine the most useful agenda for the chief officer group. Chief Officers may of course nominate appropriate senior managers to attend if they wish. These working group meetings should be held regularly and they are likely to be convened more frequently to prepare the business of the LRF before chief officer group meetings and to act on its decisions afterwards and between meetings. 2.54. Arrangements for the LRF Ð including the frequency of meetings of its groups and sub-groups Ð should be agreed between the Category 1 responders within a local resilience area and in consultation with the Category 2 responders which exercise functions within the LRF area. 49 2.55. Regardless of the way in which organisations are represented in the LRF process, all papers for discussion at the chief officer group meetings should be copied to all Category 1 and 2 responders in the LRF area and any standing members which are not Category 1 or 2 responders, such as voluntary sector and military representatives. All local responders should also be invited to submit agenda items to chief officer group meetings. These procedures will allow Category 1 and 2 responders not regularly attending the meeting to know what the issues are and to submit their contribution through their representatives if they wish. They may also request to attend the meeting, or part of the meeting, because of particular concerns they have. Where appropriate, LRFs should consider publishing papers into the public domain to inform their local communities of discussions held within meetings and upcoming agenda items. 49 regulation 4(5)- 4(7), 4(10) The general working group, sub groups and task and finish groups 2.56. A typical structure for a Local Resilience Forum is shown in Figure 2: Figure 2: Structure for a Local Resilience Forum 2.57. The general working group is likely to be a permanent group. In the first instance, it should be made up of officers from the organisations represented on the LRF chief officer group Ð though these may be augmented from other responder organisations. In some areas, the chairs of sub-groups are members of the general working group. The group takes forward business such as LRF multi-agency plans and training and exercise programmes. 2.53. 2.58. Supporting the general working group will be various sub-groups. Some of these may be permanent groups, such as the risk group which co-ordinates the production of the Community Risk Register. Task and finish Groups should also be considered with a finite life to deliver a defined outcome. One role of the sub- groups and task and finish groups is to provide an opportunity for organisations which do not attend the main LRF meetings (but which are represented there) to make their contribution. These groups also provide an opportunity for responder organisations which are not involved in the whole range of civil protection work, such as Category 2 responders and the voluntary sector, to be