the judge could have reasonably considered appropriate. 1 ? if the offender has been given permission to appeal against the conviction, sentence or point of law; ? the date, time and location of any hearing, and any changes to this information (within 1 working day for all victims); ? if the offender is to be released on bail pre-appeal or if the bail conditions have been changed (within 1 working day for all victims); ? the name of a contact for the Criminal Appeal Office or UK Supreme Court staff; ? the outcome of the appeal, including any changes to the original sentence, and ? how to request a copy from the Criminal Appeal Office or UK Supreme Court staff of the courtÕs judgment in the case once it has been published. 9.11 If you wish to attend the appeal, you have the Right for court staff or UK Supreme Court staff to arrange for: ? wherever possible, to wait and be seated in court in an area separate from the offender and their family and friends; and ? special arrangements to be made for you if the offender is present and you do not wish to sit in the courtroom (it is rare for the offender to attend hearings in the Supreme Court). 9.12 Following a decision to give the offender permission to appeal, if you are a bereaved close relative, you have the Right to be offered a meeting with the Crown Prosecution Service to explain the nature of the appeal and the court processes. 9.13 In determining an appeal against a sentence, the court will always take into account any Victim Personal Statement that was considered by the sentencing court. 9.14 It is not normally necessary for a further personal statement to be provided to the Court of Appeal. However, if there is information that the court should know about the continuing impact the crime has had on you, a new or further Victim Personal Statement may be sent to the Court through the police or the Crown Prosecution Service. Criminal Cases Review Commission 9.15 The Criminal Cases Review Commission investigates alleged miscarriages of criminal justice in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. An offender can apply to the Commission to review their convictions and/or sentence if there is some new information or new argument which might mean the conviction is unsafe or the sentence too long. 9.16 The Commission, when reviewing a case, will assess the potential impact on you and decide if you should be notified. 9.17 The Commission will not usually try to contact you just because they have received an application. This is because most reviews will not lead to a referral to the Court of Appeal, and therefore there is no need to warn you that the offender has applied. However, the Commission will tell you if they think there is a reasonable chance that you may find out that they are looking at a case though the media or through another source.