with normal or corrected vision throughout its product life expectancy (plus two years). Manufacturers should assess the longevity of labels prior to production. If labels degrade and become unreadable in service, they shall be replaced immediately at the cost of the manufacturer. It is the responsibility of the end-user to ensure the product continues to meet these requirements. 3.5. Certification process Figure 2 outlines the key elements involved in the submission of armour for testing in order to achieve certification to this standard. Any testing completed outside of this process will be considered as development testing only and results will not be accepted as part of the certification process. Figure 2: Process map for certification to the 2017 Home Office Body Armour Standard 3.6. Declaration of construction For each model of armour, a completed declaration of construction (Appendix A), shall be submitted via email to declarations@homeoffice.gsi.gov.uk. This shall be supported by both a comprehensive technical file and redacted technical file. The subject of the email shall follow the naming convention: [Manufacturer] Ð [Armour Model Unique Identifier] Ð [Protection Level] Ð [Chosen Test Facility].6 3.6.1. Technical file The technical file shall be submitted in a PDF file format on company headed paper and detail the following information as a minimum: • Company details: * name; * postal address; * named point of contact including telephone number and email address; * proof of accreditation to a recognised quality standard (e.g. ISO 9001). • Details of any subcontractors used: * company details (as above); * proof of accreditation to a recognised quality assurance standard (e.g. ISO 9001); * details of process or products supplied; * full technical file for products supplied.7 • Armour model unique identifier (model reference). • Protection level(s). • Panel construction material lay-up (from strike face to body side). • Carrier designs (examples). • Full details of all materials used within the construction: * material manufacturer company details (as above); * location of manufacturing facility for material; * material data sheets Ð details in Appendix B. • Technical drawings of armour design (including both formed and unformed as applicable): * complete details of the size roll anticipated by manufacturer at point of certification (full size roll) including scale drawings with key dimensions and areal coverage. * detail of any feathering (if applicable). • Labelling templates and example (Section 3.4): * wording; * fixing methods; * fixing location. • Product life expectancy Ð specified duration over which armour materials are known to provide the protection level it is being tested for and evidence to support this. Acceptable evidence must include destructive testing on the particular combination of 6 It is the responsibility of the manufacturer, prior to submission of the technical file, to arrange testing with one of CASTÕs approved test facilities (Appendix C). 7 May be supplied directly to CAST from sub-contractor if required. materials in the armour construction evaluated over at least the period of time specified in the product life expectancy.8 • Internal batch testing regime Ð details