means authorisation given in relation to all prisons or prisons of a specified description by the Secretary of State or by the Prison Rules and in relation to a particular prison by the Secretary of State, by the governor or director of the prison, or by a person working at the prison authorised by the governor or director. Section 40E(1) therefore differs from authorisations in respect of List A articles under section 40B(3) in that, in relation to a particular prison, authorisations may be given by persons authorised by the governor or director, as well as by the governor or director. Authorisations may be given to persons generally or to specified persons or persons of a specified description and on such terms as may be specified (section 40E(2)). 6. The Secretary of State currently authorises the conveyance or possession of articles in relation to the existing offences through Prison Service Instruction PSI 10/2012 (Conveyance and Possession of Prohibited Items and Other Related Offences); these authorisations apply to all prisons1. Authorisations in relation to individual prisons may also be given by governors or directors and, except in relation to the conveyance of List A articles, by a person working at the prison authorised by the governor or director. 7. As indicated above, new section 40CA(5) applies the existing authorisations framework in section 40E of the 1952 Act to the new offence. So possession of the specified articles may be authorised in relation to all prisons or prisons of a specified description by the Secretary of State or by the Prison Rules and in relation to particular prisons by the Secretary of State, the governor or director of the prison or by a person working at the prison who is authorised by the governor or director. The intention is that, consistent with current practice under section 40E, the Secretary of State will continue to issue authorisations in respect of all prisons, or prisons of a specified description, through Prison Service Instructions, and authorisations in respect of individual prisons will be issued where appropriate by governors or directors or a person working at a prison who is authorised by the governor or director. 8. The delegation is considered necessary to provide for the flexibility to deal with operational issues as they arise. It would not be appropriate to set out authorisations on the face of the Bill as it is important to ensure these can be developed in response to operational issues and the constantly changing prison environment. As mentioned above, the intention is that in most cases authorisations will be issued administratively by the Secretary of State through Prison Service Instructions. This administrative mechanism is considered appropriate given the operational focus of any authorisation. As with the existing authorisation regimes under sections 40B and 40D of the 1952 Act, the authorisations applicable to all prison establishments to be specified under new section 40CA(5) will be generally be routine and reflect the reality that, in some specified circumstances, it will be 1 http://www.justice.gov.uk/offenders/psis/prison-service-instructions-2012