you submit a period of leave notice requesting one continuous period of leave, you will be entitled to take that period of leave. 7.34 Discontinuous periods of shared parental leave You may submit a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave. For example, both you and your partner could request a pattern of leave from your respective employers that allows you to alternate childcare responsibilities. If you submit a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave, the organisation, in the two weeks beginning with the date the period of leave notice was given, can: • consent to the pattern of leave requested; • propose an alternative pattern of leave; or • refuse the pattern of leave requested. If agreement is reached within those two weeks, you are entitled to take the leave on the dates agreed. If no agreement has been reached within that two-week discussion period, you are entitled to take the leave as one continuous period of leave. In that event, you must choose a start date for the leave that is at least eight weeks from the date on which the period of leave notice was originally given. You must notify the organisation of that date within five days of the end of the two-week discussion period. If you do not choose a start date within five days of the end of the two-week discussion period, the period of continuous leave will start on the date of the first period of leave requested in the period of leave notice. Alternatively, if the organisation has refused the request or no agreement has been reached during the two-week discussion period, you may withdraw a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave. You can withdraw a period of leave notice at any time on or before the 15th day after the period of leave notice was given. A notice for discontinuous leave that has been withdrawn before it is agreed does not count towards the total number of requests for leave that you can make. 7.35 Shared Parental leave pay Wiltshire Police are offering both occupational and statutory shared parental pay for eligible parents to share between them while on shared parental leave. The number of weeks' pay available to the parents will depend on how much adoption leave pay or allowance has been paid when adoption leave or pay period ends. During shared parental leave, all terms and conditions of your contract except normal pay will continue. Salary will be replaced by statutory shared parental pay or pay under Wiltshire PoliceÕs enhanced shared parental pay scheme (if you are eligible for it). Whilst salary will cease, other benefits will remain in place. For example, holiday entitlement will continue to accrue. 7.36 Maintaining contact Wiltshire Police reserves the right to maintain reasonable contact with you during shared parental leave. This may be to discuss your plans for your return to work, to discuss any special arrangements to be made or training to be given