has the opportunity to plead guilty; (b) But the court may consider that it would be reasonable to have expected an indication of willingness even earlier, perhaps whilst under interview. For (a) and (b) to apply the court will need to be satisfied that the defendant (and any legal adviser) would have had sufficient information about the allegations.2 1 Criminal Justice Act 2003 2 Reduction in Sentence for a Guilty Plea Ð Sentencing Guidelines Council, Definitive Guideline 2007. A core issue is whether the use of Sentencing Guidelines to initiate an early admission could be a potential breach of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE) 1984 by being construed as an inducement, or whether such use may unduly influence an innocent or suggestible person to make false admissions rendering the interview unreliable and inadmissible. It is important to recognise the danger of formulating a prescriptive Òone size fits allÓ process for this reason. In addition sentencing is ultimately at the discretion of the court and can be a complex issue including consideration regarding the dangerousness of the offender, their overall criminality, the weight of evidence balanced against the guilty plea and a range of other factors including whether the sentence is fixed by law.. Balanced against this is the duty of the solicitor to act in the best interests of their client as well as their role as defined in PACE i.e. ÒThe solicitorÕs only role in the police station is to protect and advance the legal rights of their client. On occasions this may require the solicitor to give advice which has the effect of their client avoiding giving evidence which strengthens a prosecution caseÓ (extract from PACE Code C, note 6D). Acting in the best interest of their client includes looking for the most favourable outcome regarding disposal, such a consideration should include obtaining maximum discount for any guilty plea and providing realistic advice based on the information provided by the police, this includes factors such as remorse and assistance provided by the suspect. Due to legal privilege it is difficult to assess whether legal advisers (with varying experience) are fulfilling these obligations based on the pre interview briefing supplied to them without raising this in interview with the interviewee. The ACPO Position Based on these issues a uniformed approach should be established in each force including the following points: • That while they may be considered during the planning stage of the interview, the use of Sentencing Guidelines use should be tailored to each particular interviewee and the circumstances of their case. The blanket use of Sentencing Guidelines should be avoided. • Sentencing Guidelines should only be discussed during the pre-interview briefing with the suspectÕs legal adviser which should be delivered in written format and preferably tape recorded to preserve the integrity of the process. • A suitable form of words should be formulated for use in the briefing to the legal representative, this should not be able to be misconstrued as an inducement but be