(5) For that purpose, the London Assembly makes that decision by the required majority if at least two-thirds of the votes given in making that decision are votes in favour of making that decision.Ó Financial matters 21 Police fund (1) Each elected local policing body must keep a fund to be known as the police fund. (2) All of an elected local policing body's receipts must be paid into the relevant police fund. (3) All of an elected local policing body's expenditure must be paid out of the relevant police fund. (4) An elected local policing body must keep accounts of payments made into or out of the relevant police fund. (5) Subsections (2) and (3) are subject to any regulations under the Police Pensions Act 1976. (6) In this section Òrelevant police fundÓ, in relation to an elected local policing body, means the police fund which that body keeps. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 25 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 22 Minimum budget for police and crime commissioner (1) Section 41 of the Police Act 1996 (directions as to minimum budget) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for Òa police authority established under section 3Ó substitute Ò a police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the commissioner Ó; [F15(c) for ÒitsÓ substitute Òthe commissioner'sÓ.] (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) But the Secretary of State may not give a direction to the police and crime commissioner for a police area by virtue of subsection (1) unless the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is necessary to give the direction in order to prevent the safety of people in that police area from being put at risk.Ó. (4) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò a police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the commissioner Ó. 23 Minimum budget for Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (1) The Greater London Authority Act 1999 is amended as follows. (2) Section 95 (minimum budget for Metropolitan Police Authority) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (7). (3) In the title, for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. (1) 26 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) In subsection (1), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing