payments to other staff are reasonably foreseeable as a consequence. Time off for volunteering, whether paid or unpaid, will always be subject to the exigencies of the service and staff are expected to participate in their own time if this coincides with the day of the event. The options for shift changes or granting outstanding time off will be considered in the first instance, as with any other request for time off. All volunteer leave abstractions from duty strength must be recorded on GRS by the RMU and will only be entered once approved by their line manager. Appendix A Bank Holiday allocation is one fifth (20%) of weekly contracted hours multiplied by the number of Bank Holidays in that particular year. Full time working 40 hours per week = 8 (20%) x 8 (example no. of BHÕs) = 64 hours. Part time working 25 hours per week = 5 (20%) x 8 (example no. of BHÕs) = 40 hours. Total number of hours allocated PH falls on a working day? PH falls on a Rest Day? PH falls on a free day (part time only) Police Officer (full time) Police Officer (part time) 8 hours multiplied by the no. of PHÕs in the year. 20% of contacted hours multiplied by the no. of PHÕs in the year. e.g. 20 hour contract = 4 hours. Length of shift worked is irrelevant. Officer is initially Ôstood downÕ and full hours of shift deducted from PH account. Rest Day is re- allocated and value of re- allocated RD is deducted from PH account Hours remain in PH account for officer to choose when to use (subject to staffing) Police Staff 7.4 hours Staff member is Rest Day Hours remain (full time) multiplied by initially Ôstood is not re- in PH account no. of PHÕs in downÕ and full allocated. for staff the year. hours of shift Hours member to deducted from remain in choose when PH account PH to use account for (subject to Police Staff (part time) 20% of weekly contracted hrs x no. of PHÕs in the year staff member to choose when to use (subject to staffing) staffing) Additional Officer/staff This may not Information member may be enough still be required hours to take to work and off a whole shown back on day if the duty. If so usual working enhanced day is greater payments can than 20% of be claimed. Can contracted be stood down hrs later DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Human Resources Procedure Owner/Author: Head of People Strategy & Policy Technical Author: Helen MILNE-DAY Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Director of People and Change. Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 15/11/22 5.0 Updated to include OPCC Police Staff and OPCC Staff leave allowances updated to reflect recent increase and clarity provided around pro rata increases at key milestones. (P5) Clarity provided regarding order of priority for authorisation of leave requests (P6) Paragraph added regarding the carrying over of leave during long term sickness. Clarity provided