The [F632Director General] must either— allow the person who made the request access to the thing under the supervision of a member of the [F776Office's] staff for the purpose of photographing or copying it, or arrange for the thing to be photographed or copied. If the [F632Director General] acts under sub-paragraph (4)(b), the [F632Director General] must supply the photograph or copy to the person who made the request within a reasonable time from the making of the request. The [F632Director General] is not obliged to do anything in response to a request under sub-paragraph (2) or (3) if the [F632Director General] has reasonable grounds for believing that to do so would prejudice— any investigation being carried out in accordance with this Schedule, or any criminal or disciplinary proceedings or any inquest held under Part 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 207 [F777Special procedure where investigation relates to police officer or special constable [F77819A(1) This paragraph applies to an investigation where condition A, B or C is satisfied. Condition A is that— the investigation is an investigation of a complaint, and during the course of the investigation it appears to the person investigating [F779or, in the case of an investigation by a designated person under paragraph 19, the Director General,] that there is an indication that a member of a police force, or a special constable, to whose conduct the investigation relates may have committed a criminal offence or behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings. Condition B is that— the investigation is an investigation of a complaint being carried out by a person appointed under paragraph 18, and during the course of the investigation the [F632Director General] determines that there is an indication that a member of a police force, or a special constable, to whose conduct the investigation relates may have committed a criminal offence or behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings. Condition C is that— the investigation is an investigation of a recordable conduct matter, and the investigation relates to the conduct of a member of a police force or a special constable. Where this paragraph applies to an investigation the person investigating must proceed with the investigation in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State under this sub-paragraph. Regulations under sub-paragraph (5) may (amongst other things) make provision— 208 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints