section 42(1) of that Act (publication of reports) for “or (3)” there shall be substituted “ , (3) or (3B) ”. Directions to police authorities For section 40 of the 1996 Act (power to give directions in response to report on an inspection of a police force carried out for the purposes of that section) there shall be substituted— “40 Power to give directions to a police authority Where a report made to the Secretary of State on an inspection under section 54 states, in relation to any police force maintained under section 2, or in relation to the metropolitan police force— that, in the opinion of the person making the report, the whole or any part of the force inspected is, whether generally or in particular respects, not efficient or not effective, or Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 5 Part 1 – Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes that, in that person’s opinion, the whole or a part of the force will cease to be efficient or effective, whether generally or in particular respects, unless remedial measures are taken, the Secretary of State may direct the police authority responsible for maintaining that force to take such remedial measures as may be specified in the direction. Those remedial measures must not relate to any matter other than— a matter by reference to which the report contains a statement of opinion falling within subsection (1)(a) or (b); or a matter that the Secretary of State considers relevant to any matter falling within paragraph (a). If the Secretary of State exercises his power to give a direction under this section in relation to a police force— he shall prepare a report on his exercise of that power in relation to that force; and he shall lay that report before Parliament. A report under subsection (3)— shall be prepared at such time as the Secretary of State considers appropriate; and may relate to more than one exercise of the power mentioned in that subsection. The Secretary of State shall not give a direction under this section in relation to any police force unless— the police authority maintaining that force and the chief officer of that force have each been given such information about the Secretary of State’s grounds for proposing to give that direction as he considers appropriate for enabling them to make representations or proposals under the following paragraphs of this subsection; that police authority and chief officer have each been given an opportunity of making representations about those grounds; that police authority has had an