the sealed ÒBÓ sample will be sent to an independent accredited laboratory of the donorÕs choice. The donor is required to meet the cost of the transfer and subsequent analysis, but these costs will be reimbursed in the event that the test on the ÒBÓ sample is negative. 2.4 The top copy of the Chain-of-Custody form is forwarded with the specimen to the analysis laboratory while copies of the form go to the donor, the collector and to the responsible manager in the Force. A further copy of the form, bearing the details of recent medications goes to the Medical Review Officer. 2.5 The general principles of Chain-of-Custody oral fluid (saliva). Hair and urine collection are the same. The major difference is that an oral fluid (saliva) Hair specimen does not have to be provided in privacy, which reduces the measures that need to be adopted to minimise the risk of ÒcheatingÓ. A further difference is that the small volume of the sample means that specimens are not always split, so an alternative approach may be taken to providing the donor with an opportunity to have an independent specimen analysis. Table of Contents 3. Principles of Laboratory Drug Analysis 3.1 Sample reception 3.1.1 On arrival at the laboratory the specimens and their packaging are examined to check that the security seals on the containers are intact, and that there are no other signs of tampering. Further checks establish that the Chain-of-Custody paperwork has been fully completed. Once these sample integrity checks have been done, one of the specimens (the ÒAÓ sample) is opened ready for analysis. 3.2 Drug analysis 3.2.1 The analysis of drugs in urine or oral fluid (saliva) at the laboratory must be conducted using appropriate high quality scientific techniques. This generally involves an initial immunoassay screening test followed by a confirmation analysis using mass-spectrometry. This not only confirms the exact identity of any drug present, but also indicates how much is present. 3.3 Quality standards 3.3.1 Any drug testing laboratory used by a police force, or nominated by an officer for the independent testing of a sample, must be specifically accredited for drug-testing work through appropriate national standards (UKAS and BSI). 3.3.2 Any drug testing company used by a police force must satisfy the minimum chain of custody requirements set out above. 4. Guidance to Alcohol Testing Procedures 4.1 Impairment of judgement increases with increasing blood alcohol concentration. Different people can demonstrate very different degrees of impairment with comparable concentrations of alcohol in their bodies. Experimental studies have shown that for most people some degree of impairment can be measured at a blood alcohol concentration of 40 to 50 mg%, and for some individuals first impairment could be detected at a concentration as low as 30 mg%. At these levels, the individual may not be aware of any impairment, but it may nevertheless be present. 4.2 In line with these experimental observations, a workplace alcohol limit of 29 mg% in blood has been adopted in respect of