officer (including special constables) / staff member resigns or retires whilst under investigation for an allegation of gross misconduct, they will be entered onto the advisory list. There they will remain until such time as disciplinary proceedings have concluded. If a hearing then determines that the individual would have been dismissed from their role had they still been serving, then they will be transferred onto the barred list. If the determination is that the allegation is unproven or proven but a sanction short of dismissal would have been given, the individual will be removed from the advisory list. The advisory list is a private list that policing bodies are expected to consult when deciding whether to make an offer of employment, although it does not act as an absolute bar to policing. 14.1 Further advice and assistance A copy of the Police Barred List and Police Advisory List Regulations 2017 can be found at: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2017/1135/contents/made. Home Office Guidance to accompany the above regulations can be found at the following website address. Annex H and annex I give detailed guidance on the two lists: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/circular-0122017-new-former-police-officer- and-barred-list-regulations-an-amended-determination-on-retirement-and-amended-home- office- guidance. Table of Contents Police Staff Code of Conduct Below is an overview of the standards which are included within the code of conduct. A full version is available on the HR Intranet. Honesty and Integrity Police staff are honest, act with integrity and do not compromise or abuse their position. Authority, Respect and Courtesy Police staff act with self-control and tolerance, treating members of the public and colleagues with respect and courtesy. Police staff do not abuse their powers or authority and respect the rights of all individuals. Equality and Diversity Police staff act with fairness and impartiality. They do not discriminate unlawfully or unfairly. Use of Restraint Police staff only use restraint as part of their roles and responsibilities to the extent that it is necessary, proportionate and reasonable in all the circumstances. Instructions Police staff only give and carry out reasonable instructions. Police staff follow all reasonable instructions and abide by Organisation policies. Work and Responsibilities Police staff are diligent in the exercise of their work and responsibilities Confidentiality Police staff treat information with respect and access or disclose it only in the proper course of their work. Fitness for Work Police staff when at work are fit to carry out their duties. Discreditable Conduct Police staff behave in a manner which does not discredit the police service or undermine public confidence in the police service. Police staff report any conviction or caution against them for a criminal offence. Challenging and Reporting Improper Conduct Police staff whilst at work report, challenge or take action against the conduct of colleagues which have fallen below the standards of professional behaviour expected. (See Police Staff Code of Conduct Policy for more detail). Table of Contents Police Code of Ethics - that normally result in disciplinary action may include: • Absence from work without required authorisation or regard to the appropriate procedures • Failure to