Miscellaneous offences). * We assume one defendant per case. One defendant instructs one solicitor who submits one bill. As such, we use the cost per solicitor bill from the 2013/14 data as a proxy for the cost per defendant. Source: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/leg al-aid-statistics-april-2013-to-march-2014 Firstly, an individual may refuse legal aid. Secondly, an individual may be required to contribute to legal aid costs. Lastly, the size of this contribution can vary. * There is more than one defendant prosecuted per case and therefore more solicitors and barristers per case than assumed thus understating the actual cost. Prison costs: * We assume that an offender serves half of their given custodial sentence (in this case that they serve approximately three months in prison, on average). * The cost per prison place is approximately £28,000. Source: NOMS management accounts addendum (2012/13). * The cost of additional prison places is also dependent on the existing prison population, as if there is spare capacity in terms of prison places then the marginal cost of accommodating more offenders will be relatively low due to existing large fixed costs and low variable costs. Conversely, if the current prison population is running at or over capacity then marginal costs would be significantly higher as contingency measures will have to be found. Probation costs: * We assume there are no probation costs associated with this offence. This is because we assume all offenders are given a custodial sentence of less than 12 months imprisonment and therefore they are not subject to post custodial release licence conditions. * We have based our estimates on current practice. However the Offender Rehabilitation Act 2014 includes provisions to introduce post release licence conditions for offenders given a custodial sentence of less than 12 months. * After the commencement of these provisions, there will be costs associated with post release licence for offenders convicted of this offence who are sentenced to immediate custody. The wider costs of extending post-release supervision to any offenders released from short custodial sentences will be met through savings realised from the Transforming Rehabilitation reforms to probation services. ANNEX A Estimating the number of referrals to the police Referrals were estimated to be in the range of 160 to 480 per annum. The 160 is a minimum estimate based on those incidents where the weapon was used as part of an assault but those assaults are not currently referred to the police. The new offence would make this far more likely. The 480 figure draws from a wider range of incidents including more ÒpassiveÓ finds of such weapons where they can be attributed to an identified prisoner. The actual number of finds of weapons in prison is greater than this but in many cases they are not found in the possession of a person or possession cannot be proved. In other cases it would be inappropriate to refer to the police (self harm, for example). The number of referrals was estimated using a variety of information, including: * Published numbers of