reputation of the profession. When initiating a conversation about FGM, professionals should: • ensure that the conversation is opened sensitively; • be aware of the specific circumstances of the individual when a discussion about FGM needs to take place; and • be non-judgmental. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 45 Creating and maintaining a good rapport with the girl or woman is essential. This can be achieved by: • allowing the girl or woman to speak - actively listening, gently encouraging, and seeking the girl or womanÕs permission to discuss sensitive areas; • not being afraid to ask about FGM, using appropriate and sensitive language. It is not unusual for women to report that professionals have avoided asking questions about FGM, and this can lead to a breakdown in trust. If a professional does not give a girl or woman the opportunity to talk about FGM , it can be very difficult for a girl or woman to bring this up herself; • asking only one question at a time Ð it can be difficult to think through the answers to several questions at the same time; • making sure there is appropriate time to listen; a girl or woman may relate information she has not disclosed previously. Interrupting her story part way through because of a lack of time is likely to cause distress and may either damage the relationship with her, or affect her relationship with professionals in future; and • preparing by understanding what written materials are available to support conversations, and what other community and third-sector organisations are able to offer support and additional information within the area. For resources and advice on how to find services, see Annex I and Annex H. It is important that professionals understand the appropriate language to use and maintain a professional and non-judgmental approach to engage with the individual effectively in what may be a challenging and upsetting situation. Professionals should: • ensure sensitive language is used and that the girl or womanÕs wishes, culture and values are recognised and respected; • be aware that different communities may have different terms for FGM (see Annex G); • remember that women or girls may not be aware that they have had FGM; professionals may need to explain that FGM is the cause of symptoms; and • consider some of the following ways to start a discussion about FGM: ÒI can see in your notes from the obstetrician or midwife that you have been cut. Could you tell me a bit more about this?Ó ÒI know that (some) women in your country have been cut. How do you feel about this? Could you tell me a bit more?Ó ÒYou have talked about your cutting and the traditions in your country. Is there anything else you want to tell me about this?Ó 46 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation ÒHow do you, and how does your partner, feel about female genital cutting? How do the people around you