give the appointed person's opinion as to the circumstances and manner in which the powers conferred by sections 127C, 127D, 127E and 127F are being exercised in cases where the officer who exercised them is required to give a report under section 127H. The report may make any recommendations the appointed person considers appropriate. The appointed person must send a copy of the report to the Scottish Ministers. The Scottish Ministers must— publish any report received under subsection (5), and lay a copy before the Scottish Parliament. Before acting under subsection (6) the Scottish Ministers must exclude from the report any matter which the Scottish Ministers think is likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. If the Scottish Ministers exclude any matter from the report they must comply with subsection (6) in relation to the whole of the report as soon as they think that the excluded matter is no longer likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. 127J Initial detention of seized property This section applies if an appropriate officer seizes property under section 127C. The property may be detained initially for a period of 48 hours. The period of 48 hours is to be calculated in accordance with section 127H(7). 127K Further detention pending making of restraint order This section applies if— property is detained under section 127J, and no restraint order is in force in respect of the property. 62 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes If within the period mentioned in section 127J an application is made for a restraint order which includes provision under section 120A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against (or review of)— the decision to refuse the application, or any decision made on an appeal against (or review of) that decision. In subsection (2) the reference to the period mentioned in section 127J includes that period as extended by any order under section 127M. 127L Further detention pending variation of restraint order This section applies if— property is detained under section 127J, a restraint order is in force in respect of the property, and the order does not include provision under section 120A authorising the detention of the property. If within the period mentioned in section 127J an application is made for the