a local government election in an electoral area wholly or partly comprised in the police area, and (c) the address in respect of which the person is registered in the register of local government electors for that electoral area is within the police area.] (2) A person is not entitled to vote as an elector more than once in the same police area at any election of a police and crime commissioner. 53 Public awareness about elections: role of Electoral Commission The Electoral Commission must, in relation toÑ (a) each ordinary election of police and crime commissioners under section 50, (b) each election to fill a vacancy in the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area under section 51, (a) 50 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) take such steps as it considers appropriate to raise public awareness about the election and how to vote in it. Conduct of elections 54 Returning officers etc (1) The returning officer for an election of a police and crime commissioner for a police area (Òthe police area returning officerÓ) is to be a person whoÑ (a) is an acting returning officer by virtue of section 28(1) of the Representation of the People Act 1983 (acting returning officer for parliamentary election) for a constituency falling wholly or partly within the police area, and (b) is designated for the purposes of this subsection by order of the Secretary of State F32.... (2) The Secretary of State F33... may by regulations confer functionsÑ (a) on police area returning officers, and (b) on local returning officers. (3) Regulations under subsection (2) may apply or incorporate, with or without modifications or exceptions, any relevant provision. (4) Each relevant local authority must place the services of its officers at the disposal of any person on whom functions are conferred under subsection (2) in relation to the police area for the purpose of assisting that person in the discharge of those functions. (5) In this sectionÑ Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) a district council, (b) a county council in England for a county in which there are no district councils, (c) the Council of the Isles of Scilly, (d) a county council or county borough council in Wales; Òlocal electionÓ means an election of members of a local authority; Òlocal returning officerÓ means a person who, by virtue of section 35 of the Representation of the People Act 1983, is a returning officer for any local elections; Òrelevant local authorityÓ, in relation to a police area, means a local authority whose area falls wholly or partly within the police area; Òrelevant provisionÓ means any provision (whenever passed or made) of, or