is then waived consequently the officer will only be paid up until their actual last day (which may be less 12.1 than 1 month). The option to resign remains until the commencement of the appearance before the Chief Constable. 13.2 Should a Student Officer indicate their intention at any time whilst they are subject to Support Plans that they wish to resign, their notice will be accepted by the Training Delivery Manager and the Head of People Development to be informed. The officer will not perform operational duty but may be required to complete any outstanding work under close supervision. The Apprenticeship Manager and HEI should be informed. 13.3 Resignations by Student Officers under circumstances unrelated to Support Plans will be dealt with in the usual way and on a case-by-case basis. Depending on the circumstances, consideration may be given to re-appointing a Student Officer to their former Police staff role with Wiltshire Police should there be a vacancy. Student Officers should be invited to consult the Police Federation and if appropriate Welfare, Human Resources or friends and family. In terms of notice and pay, the normal requirement for one monthÕs notice may be waived (depending on the need to complete any outstanding work) therefore an officer will only be paid up until the actual last day (which may be less than 1 month) in this scenario. The Apprenticeship Consultant and HEI should be informed. 13.4 Where a Student Officer wishes to resign whilst under investigation for potential gross misconduct under the Police Conduct Regulations, they will be made aware that should their resignation be accepted, a post-employment hearing will take place to which they will be invited to attend. Should they decline this invitation, the hearing will be conducted in their absence. Should the hearing find that the Student Officer Òwould have been dismissedÓ, they will be included on the Barred List as detailed within 11.3. 14. Training Staff All trainers involved in PEQF delivery will receive Recognised Teaching Status awarded by the USW and will be working towards or have achieved a recognised training qualification at level 4 or above, or other significant and relevant experience authorised by the Head of People Development. 15. Tutors 15.1 All Tutors will have completed a Tutor course and relevant CPD. SOAT assessors will be working towards or qualified with an assessor qualification (TAQA). 15.2 All Tutors should be confirmed in the office of Constable and be recommended by their line manager for the role. They will have completed a Tutor course and the annual CPD events. Please see the College of Policing role profiles for more details. 16. Flexible Working Flexible working arrangements for all officers are laid out in the Force Policy. Student Officers may apply for flexible working arrangement subject to the following constraints: a. Any application for flexible or part time working will only be considered after the completion of the tutorship phase. b. The application will be discussed with the HEI partner and the Apprenticeship Consultant to