to take fingerprints or sample), for Òor sampleÓ substitute Ò, sample or photographÓ. (7) In paragraph 15Ñ (a) for Òor a sampleÓ substitute Ò, a sample or a photographÓ, and (b) for Òor sampleÓ, in both places it occurs, substitute Ò, sample or photographÓ. (8) In paragraph 16(2) (date and time of attendance), for Òor sampleÓ substitute Ò, sample or photographÓ. 53 Power to specify date of attendance at police station for fingerprinting etc (1) Paragraph 16 of Schedule 2A to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (attendance at police station for fingerprinting and taking of samples: date and time of attendance) is amended as follows. (2) For sub-paragraph (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) A requirement under this ScheduleÑ 58 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) must direct the person to attend the police station on a specified date, and (b) may either direct the person to attend the police station at a specified time on that date or direct the person to attend the police station between specified times on that date.Ó (3) In sub-paragraph (2), for Òperiod or time or times of dayÓ substitute Òdate, time or timesÓ. (4) Omit sub-paragraphs (3) and (4). (5) In sub-paragraph (5), for Òany period within which, or date or time at which,Ó substitute Òany date, time at which or times between whichÓ. (6) The amendments made by this section apply only in relation to a requirement to attend a police station given under Schedule 2A to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 after the coming into force of this section. 54 PACE etc powers for food crime officers (1) In the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, after section 114B insertÑ Ò114C Power to apply Act to food crime officers (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations apply any provision of this Act which relates to investigations of offences conducted by police officers to investigations of offences conducted by food crime officers. (2) The regulations may apply provisions of this Act with any modifications specified in the regulations. (3) In this section Òfood crime officerÓ means an officer of the Food Standards Agency whoÑ (a) is acting for the purposes of the performance by the Food Standards Agency of its functions under the Food Standards Act 1999 or any other enactment (including functions relating to the investigation of offences), and (b) is authorised (whether generally or specifically) by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section. (4)