was present and exactly what was said must be recorded at the time. Suggestibility Children are especially vulnerable to suggestibility, and the SIO should be aware of contamination by either inappropriate questioning or by the influence of others. The logistics of interviewing several children and/or their carers who have witnessed the same event will need detailed planning so the risk of contamination can be minimized. Consent Where the witness is under 188 the consideration should be given to the guidelines set out by Lord Fraser in Gillick v West Norfolk and Wisbech AHA [1985] 3 All ER 402. The effect of these guidelines is that a child can consent in their own right if they are capable of understanding the implications of being interviewed as witness9. If a child cannot understand these implications the consent of a parent or guardian is required. It is important to note that Achieving Best Evidence deals with the issue of informing a childÕs parents/guardians separately to consent: other than in wholly exceptional circumstances parents/guardians should be informed even where the child has the capacity to consent. If parental consent is not forthcoming consideration may be given to obtaining an Emergency Protection Order that includes a direction in respect of interviewing under Section 44 Children Act 1989 provided that circumstances are such that the child may be at risk of Ôsignificant harmÕ In situations where an 6 See 2.29 of ABE 2007 Initial Contact with Child Witnesses 7 However there will be limited occasions where it appropriate to approach the child without parental consent Ð see the section on Consent below. 8 The Mental Capacity Act 2005 also applies where the witness is over 16. approach to the child without first obtaining parental consent is being considered, or where parental consent has, or is anticipated will be, declined then it is strongly recommended that a multi-agency stratgey meeting with social services takes place.10 Further Interviews It is permissible to conduct additional interviews with child witnesses, but this should only be done where the SIO considers significant further information will be of considerable benefit to the investigation without any detrimental effect to the witness. Consideration should be given to consulting the Crown Prosecution Service before conducting a further interview with a child witness. Further Guidance Further guidance can be obtained from your local interview adviser, Child Abuse Investigation Team supervisor, the ACPO Approved Interview advisor for your area or the National Vulnerable Witness Adviser for the NPIA Specialist Operations Centre. Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by DS Jez Prior, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser from Sussex Police. In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk 10 Local Authority Legal Services will usually apply to the court for such orders. ACPO Position Statement: Necessity to Arrest National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) November 2012 Introduction The revised Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE), Code G (implementation date 12th November 2012)