the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 3 of Schedule 5 to the Terrorism Act 2000 (c. 11), and the power of seizure conferred by paragraphs 15 and 19 of Schedule 5 to that Act of 2000, so far only as the power in question is conferred by reference to paragraph 1 of that Schedule, “special procedure material” means special procedure material consisting of documents or records other than documents. [F103(7) In relation to the powers of seizure mentioned in subsection (8), this section (and section 59(3)(c)) have effect as if— references to excluded material or special procedure material were to confidential material within the meaning of Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the National Security Act 2023, but not including items subject to legal privilege, and subsection (6) of this section did not apply. (8) The powers of seizure referred to in subsection (7) are the powers conferred by— paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to the National Security Act 2023, and paragraph 12 of that Schedule, so far as conferred by reference to paragraph 2 of that Schedule.] 46 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Property seized by constables etc. The retention of— property seized on any premises by a constable who was lawfully on the premises, property seized on any premises by a relevant person who was on the premises accompanied by a constable, and property seized by a constable carrying out a lawful search of any person, is authorised by this section if the property falls within subsection (2) or (3). Property falls within this subsection to the extent that there are reasonable grounds for believing— that it is property obtained in consequence of the commission of an offence; and that it is necessary for it to be retained in order to prevent its being concealed, lost, damaged, altered or destroyed. Property falls within this subsection to the extent that there are reasonable grounds for believing— that it is evidence in relation to any offence; and that it is necessary for it to be retained in order to prevent its being concealed, lost, altered or destroyed. Nothing in this section authorises the retention (except in pursuance of section 54(2)) of anything at any time when its return is required by section 54. [F104(4A) Subsection (1)(a) includes property seized on any premises— by a person authorised under section 16(2) of the 1984 Act to accompany a constable executing a warrant, or by a person accompanying a constable under section 2(6) of the Criminal Justice Act