notify the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question of the determination, and send to it a copy of the record of the determination prepared under paragraph (a).] Where the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question is notified under sub-paragraph (2), it must record the matter under paragraph 11 of Schedule 3 to this Act as a conduct matter. Where a matter is, in accordance with sub-paragraph (3), recorded under paragraph 11 of Schedule 3 as a conduct matter— the person in charge of the investigation under section 29D(1) must (subject to any determination made by the [F973Director General] under paragraph 15(5B) of Schedule 3) continue the investigation as if appointed or designated to investigate the conduct matter, and the other provisions of Schedule 3 apply in relation to that matter accordingly (subject to regulations under sub-paragraph (5)). 252 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3A – Whistle-blowing investigations: procedure Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision modifying Schedule 3 in relation to an investigation of a matter that, in accordance with sub-paragraph (3), is recorded under paragraph 11 of that Schedule as a conduct matter but only for the purpose of making provision for the protection of the anonymity of whistle-blowers. Procedure where DSI matter is revealed during investigation (1) If, during the course of an investigation under section 29D(1), [F980the Director General determines] that the matter may be a DSI matter, [F981the Director General must proceed under sub-paragraph (2)]. [F982(2) The Director General must— prepare a record of the determination, notify the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter, and send to it a copy of the determination prepared under paragraph (a).] Where the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter is notified under sub- paragraph (2), it must record the matter under paragraph 14A of Schedule 3 to this Act as a DSI matter. Where a matter is, in accordance with sub-paragraph (3), recorded under paragraph 14A of Schedule 3 as a DSI matter— the person in charge of the investigation under section 29D(1) must (subject to any determination made by the [F973Director General] under paragraph 15(5B) of Schedule 3) continue the investigation as if appointed or designated to investigate the DSI matter, and the other provisions of Schedule 3 apply in relation to that matter accordingly (subject to regulations under sub-paragraph (5)). The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision modifying Schedule 3 in relation to an investigation that, in accordance with sub-paragraph (3),