material provision, requirements for information made under the powers of investigation take precedence in spite of any restriction on the disclosure of information, however imposed19. They therefore take precedence over any contractual duties of confidentiality and the common law duty of confidence. Action to be taken on receiving an application for an extension of a time limit 46. It is for the appropriate officer to set the time limit for replies to requirements made under disclosure orders and customer information orders, and this should be reasonable with regards to the circumstances of the case. Where the subject of one of these orders asks for more time to comply with a requirement made under one of these orders, the appropriate officer should carefully consider the request. When a decision has been made, the appropriate officer should normally set this out and the reasons for it in a letter to the subject of the order. The circumstances in which it would be suitable for appropriate officers to consider an extension will vary from case to case but may include the need to obtain legal or other professional advice, difficulty in obtaining requested information and/or documents and unavailability. The letter conveying the appropriate officerÕs decision should normally be served in the same way as the original notice under the order was served. 47. Where a solicitor acting on behalf of the subject of the order makes the application for an extension of time, the letter should be served on the solicitor and may also be served on the subject. 48. Time limits for compliance with a production order and an account monitoring order are set out on the face of the order Ð see sections 345(5) and 370(6) and (7). Therefore, they cannot be extended unless the subject of the order applies to the court for a variation of the order. If the appropriate officer receives a request for an extension of the time limit to comply with a production order or an account monitoring order, he or she should direct the 18 Section 379. 19 Sections 348(4), 361(6), 368 and 374. subject of the order to the court. An appropriate officer should request a reasonable time limit when making their application for a production order or an account monitoring order in the first place. The appropriate officer should liaise, where possible, with the subject of the order when seeking a time period for compliance in order to minimise applications to the court for extensions of time. Record of Proceedings 49. The appropriate officer or appropriate person should keep or cause to be kept a written record of the exercise of the powers conferred by the provisions of Chapter 2 of Part 8 of POCA. 50. The written record must, in relation to each requirement, include: • a copy of the order or warrant and copies of notices given under an order; • a copy of the application for the order or warrant; • the date on which the order, warrant or notice