section 36 of that Act. Section 50 of that Act applies in relation to any such substance as if the reference in subsection (1)(b) to the police or customs officer who seized it were a reference to the CSO or CSV who seized it. A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed under sub-paragraph (3) is guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. In this paragraph, “police or customs officer” and “psychoactive substance” have the same meaning as in the Psychoactive Substances Act 2016. Powers to detain pending arrival of a constable etc (1) A CSO or CSV may require a person to wait with the CSO or CSV, for a period not exceeding 30 minutes, for the arrival of a constable where— the CSO or CSV has required the person to give his or her name and address (whether in consequence of paragraph 3, 4(6), 5(3) or 6(3) or in consequence of provision included in his or her designation in reliance on section 38(6B) (a)), and either— the person has failed to comply with the requirement, or the CSO or CSV has reasonable grounds for suspecting that the person has given a name or address that is false or inaccurate. Sub-paragraph (1) does not apply if the requirement to give a name and address was imposed in connection with a relevant licensing offence mentioned in paragraph 3(4) (a), (c) or (f) which the CSO or CSV believes to have been committed on licensed premises (within the meaning of the Licensing Act 2003). A CSO or CSV may require a person to wait with the CSO or CSV, for a period not exceeding 30 minutes, for the arrival of a constable where— the CSO or CSV has reason to believe that the person is committing an offence under section 3 or 4 of the Vagrancy Act 1824, the CSO or CSV requires the person to stop doing whatever gives rise to that belief, and the person fails to stop as required. A person who has been required under sub-paragraph (1) or (3) to wait with a CSO or CSV may, if requested to do so, elect that (instead of waiting) he or she will accompany the CSO or CSV to a police station in the relevant police area. Where the person does not elect to accompany the CSO or CSV to the police station, and the constable arrives within the period of 30 minutes, the CSO or CSV is under a duty to remain with the person and the constable until the CSO or CSV has transferred control of the person to the constable. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C – Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on