and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) An order under section 185(7) may include provision requiring the first members of the Police Remuneration Review Body to be, or to include, persons of a particular description. 133 Consultation about regulations: England and Wales (1) After section 52 of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ Ò52A Regulations about hours, leave or pay: consultation etc (1) This section applies where the Secretary of State is proposing to make regulations under section 50 or 52 on a matter that relates toÑ (a) hours of duty, (b) leave, (c) pay and allowances, or (d) the issue, use and return of police clothing, personal equipment and accoutrements. (2) In the case of regulations under section 50 concerning members of police forces of or below the rank of chief superintendent, or regulations under section 52, before making the regulations the Secretary of State shall (subject to subsection (5))Ñ (a) refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body under section 64B(1), and (b) consider that body's report on the matter. (3) In the case of regulations under section 50 concerning members of police forces above the rank of chief superintendent, before making the regulations the Secretary of State shall (subject to subsection (5))Ñ (a) consider advice on the matter from the Senior Salaries Review Body, or (b) where subsection (4) applies, refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body under section 64B(1) and consider that body's report on the matter. (4) This subsection applies whereÑ (a) the regulations would affect members of police forces who are not above the rank of chief superintendent as well as those who are, and (b) the Secretary of State thinks that it would be preferable for the matter to be considered by the same body. (5) The duty to consider advice from the Senior Salaries Review Body or to refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body does not apply if the Secretary of State considers thatÑ (a) there is not enough time to do so because the need to make the regulations is so urgent, or (a) 112 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with