supervisor, and in the case of an amending order which substitutes a new local justice area, provide a copy of the amending order to a magistrates' court acting for that area. If the court that revokes or amends the order is a magistrates' court acting in a local justice area other than the area specified in the order, the proper officer must provide a copy of the revoking or amending order to a magistrates' court acting in the local justice area specified in the order. Where the proper officer acts under sub-paragraph (2)(b), the officer must also provide to the court such documents and information relating to the case as it considers likely to Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 149 be of assistance to a court acting for that area in the exercise of any function in relation to the order. In this paragraph “proper officer” means the designated officer for the court.” SCHEDULE 2 Section 21 Closure orders After Part 2 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c. 42) insert the following new Part— “Part 2A Closure orders Basic definitions Meaning of specified prostitution offence etc. 136A(1) This section applies for the purposes of this Part. The specified prostitution offences are— an offence under section 47 of this Act or Article 37 of the Sexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 2008 (“the Northern Ireland Order”); an offence under section 48 of this Act, or Article 38 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by causing or inciting a child to become a prostitute; an offence under section 49 of this Act, or Article 39 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by controlling the activities of a child relating to the child's prostitution; an offence under section 50 of this Act, or Article 40 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by arranging or facilitating a child's prostitution; an offence under section 52 of this Act or Article 62 of the Northern Ireland Order; an offence under section 53 of this Act or Article 63 of the Northern Ireland Order. The specified pornography offences are— an offence under section 48 of this Act, or Article 38 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by causing or inciting a child to be involved in pornography; an offence under section 49 of this Act, or Article 39 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by controlling the activities of a child relating to the child's involvement in pornography; an offence under section 50 of this Act, or Article 40 of the Northern Ireland Order,