prosecution if they experience a lack of communication, empathy and support. HMICFRS has noted a huge variation between forces in the proportion of cases discontinued on the grounds that “victim does not support police action”. This varied across forces from less than 10 to over 40 per 100 domestic abuse related offences in the year ending March 2020.180 The quality of the policing response plays a significant part in victim engagement in domestic abuse cases and can impact charge and conviction rates. The Government has committed to review the data in cases closed due to evidential difficulties or where the victim does not support police action. The report found that delays in investigations, lack of contact and lengthy court processes more generally result in high levels of disengagement. Access to justice, 177 ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and trends, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): data year ending March 2021. 178 Bates, l., Hoeger, K, Stoneman M-J, Whitaker, A. Vulnerability Knowledge and Practice Programme (VKPP): Domestic Homicides and Suspected Victim Suicides During the Covid-19 Pandemic 2020-2021: Home Office, VKPP, NPCC, College of Policing: 2021. 179 HMICFRS reports, including update reports, on domestic abuse are published on the organisation’s website. 180 HMICFRS. Police response to violence against women and girls: Final inspection report: 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance including long waiting times between a charge being made and a case being heard at court increase the risk of victims disengaging with the process. The College of Policing has developed guidance – Authorised Professional Practice – which sets out principles and standards for officers in investigating domestic abuse. The guidance outlines the duty of officers to take positive action in all stages of the police response to domestic abuse to ensure that victims, including children are protected; criminal proceedings are pursued where appropriate; and that there is effective perpetrator management where criminal proceedings are not possible or suitable.181 Relevant CPS guidance on domestic abuse and associated offences is referenced in the ‘Crown Prosecution Service’ section where topics related to police investigation are covered and are therefore applicable to officers as well as other professionals working on domestic abuse within the criminal justice system. Controlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or familial relationship has been a criminal offence since 2015 by virtue of section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 where the requirements of the offence are set out. Further information can be found in the statutory guidance issued to police and criminal justice agencies under section 77 of that Act about investigations of this offence. This guidance should be considered when investigating the offence. See also section on ‘Controlling or coercive behaviour’. The police should adopt a trauma-informed and trauma-responsive approach182 and take into account the following when supporting victims of domestic abuse: An awareness of protected characteristics (as set out in section 4 of the Equality Act 2010) and any vulnerabilities that may impact on the victim and how they seek support, avoiding making assumptions