Lay out an ethical framework for all Wiltshire Police employees and third parties, which clearly identifies inappropriate associations and relationships, outlines staff responsibilities relating to intelligence, enforcement and prevention and gives clear guidance and support. • To highlight to all employees and third parties the risks involved in becoming improperly beholden to those outside the organisation and the vulnerability such associations pose. • Manage the risks presented to and prevent the compromise of individuals and the organisation by inappropriate associations. • Identify deliberate attempts by criminal elements who would benefit in any way from corrupting, manipulating or placing unnecessary or unwarranted pressures on members of Wiltshire Police and to protect members of Wiltshire Police from those criminal elements. • Protect the most vulnerable people in society from inappropriate behaviour by Wiltshire Police employees. • Maintain high standards of professional behaviour with employees who act with honesty and integrity, thus protecting the reputation of Wiltshire Police and the confidence the public have in it. • To preserve the operational effectiveness of Wiltshire Police. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all Police Officers, Police Staff, Special Constabulary and Volunteers. While this policy may not apply to third Party personnel, they should be made aware of their responsibility to comply with the principles enshrined in the Code of Ethics. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE This policy is aligned to the College of Policing Code of Ethics and HM Governments UK Counter- Corruption Strategy 2017-2022. These have highlighted that one of the main threats to the organisation in terms of corruption is that of criminal association leading to disclosure of intelligence. This in turn causes vulnerability to wider corruption, operational compromise and a loss of public confidence. This policy and the procedure takes its legal basis from the following principles: • Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 (s26) • The Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 for Police Officers. • The conditions of employment for Police Staff. • The principles of ECHR namely; legality, legitimacy, proportionality, necessity and accountability. • Code of Ethics • Vetting Codes of Practice RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Wiltshire Police Values College of Policing Code of Ethics NPCC Abuse of Position for a Sexual Purpose strategy Acceptable Use of Force Systems Policy Business Interests Policy Information Security Policy Gifts and Hospitality Policy and Procedure Reporting Wrongdoing Policy Ethical Interviews Procedure AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Professional Standards > Counter Corruption DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy and procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW The Counter-Corruption Unit will maintain data in relation to members of Wiltshire Police and individualÕs subject of this policy and associated procedure. This will be treated confidentially, stored securely in line with the Data Protection Act 2018/General Data Protection Regulations and Data Protection