and Public Involvement in Health Act 2007, as it has effect for the purposes of section 18(2)(b) of the Local Government Act 2003 as applied by sub- paragraph (4)(i), appliesÑ (a) with the substitution of a reference to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis for a reference to a local authority, and (b) with any other necessary modifications.Ó 142 Grants to local policing bodies (1) In section 46 of the Police Act 1996 (police grant), in subsection (1), for the words from Òfor each financial yearÓ to the end of paragraph (b) there is substituted Òfor each financial yearÑ (a) make grants to police and crime commissioners for the purposes of their functions, (b) make grants to the Common Council for the purposes of its functions as police authority, and (c) make grants to the Greater London Authority for the purposes of the functions of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime;Ó. (2) The words Òfor police purposesÓ are omittedÑ (a) in subsection (1) of section 47 of the Police Act 1996 (grants for capital expenditure); (b) in subsection (2) of section 92 of that Act (grants by local authorities). (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 127 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 143 Powers of local policing bodies to provide or commission services (1) A local policing body may provide or arrange for the provision ofÑ (a) services that in the opinion of the local policing body will secure, or contribute to securing, crime and disorder reduction in the body's area; (b) services that are intended by the local policing body to help victims or witnesses of, or other persons affected by, offences and anti-social behaviour; (c) services of a description specified in an order made by the Secretary of State. (2) An order under subsection (1)(c) may make different provision for different areas. (3) A local policing body arranging for the provision of services under this section may make grants in connection with the arrangements. A grant may be subject to any conditions (including conditions as to repayment) that the local policing body thinks appropriate. (4) In this sectionÑ Òanti-social behaviourÓ means behaviour by a person that causes or is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to one or more other persons not of the same household as that person; Òcrime and disorder reductionÓ means reduction in levels ofÑ (a) crime and disorder (including anti-social behaviour and other behaviour adversely