or pad bars fabricated to equate to the protective strength of the lock. Provision of at least 4 fixing holes to take not less than 10mm diameter fastening devices. The holes to be spaced to provide maximum binding of cabinet to structure. When ammunition or firing mechanisms are to be kept separately from the firearms, a smaller cabinet of similar construction or a separately lockable container, either as an extension of the cabinet, or internally fabricated, can be manufactured. Assuming they are physically capable of containing a firearm, commercially manufactured safes may be considered suitable for the securing of firearms. Even early models, if tight and in good condition can provide physical protection that would be above that expected on a cabinet constructed to BS7558-1992. The following considerations should be applied as appropriate: Safes weighing less than 20 cwt should be secured to the floor in accordance with the manufacturerÕs instructions, or in the case of one already possessed, that from a manufacturer or safe engineer. Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Safes have a considerable floor loading implication. Advice must be sought for any proposal to fit a safe on other than a solid ground floor. To protect those safes with thinner plate backs, they must always be installed with the back against a solid wall or be built into a wall or recess to prevent attack at the rear. Where the safe is secured by driven bolt work, a single key lock or dial lock (either combination or digital) is often provided. Unless there is some particular requirement, double locking is not necessary. Clamps Clamps which may be considered to be suitable for the security of a single firearm or shot gun should be: Steel plate construction, not less than 2 mm (14 swg), all external joints to be seam welded or of bend construction. Secured by a lock to BS3621-2017; 7 lever safe locks with not less than 38 mm x 9 mm cross section steel bolts; a lock on the HELA Tech doc 26/95; security padlocks not less than CEN 4. Configured to enclose firearm action and trigger(s). Provided with at least two fixing points to allow fixing devices not less than 10 mm diameter being used. Fixed in such a location to frustrate attack on the fixings. Cable Locks Flexible or semi-rigid devices for the secure fastening of single weapons which provide the restraint equal to: a) spun steel security cables, not less than 8 mm diameter excluding any sleeve; b) fitted with integral anchorage plate suitable for fastening with non-return security fixings; c) secured by a close fitting padlock not less than CEN 3 up to CEN 4 or in-built security locking device. Information on other security provisions are contained in the Firearms Security Handbook. Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Appendix 8: Taking of firearms (including air weapons) to Northern Ireland by visitors from Great Britain 1. The requirements for the taking of firearms (including air weapons) to Northern Ireland by persons in Great Britain