prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Publication 14 The Secretary of State shall arrange for the publication ofÑ (a) a statement of any determination made under paragraph 2 (and of any revised determination); (b) any statement of principles issued under paragraph 4 (and any revised statement); (c) any direction given under paragraph 11(2) or 12 (and any revised direction). Money 15 The Secretary of State or the Department of Justice in Northern IrelandÑ (a) may defray expenses incurred by the review body; (b) may pay remuneration and allowances to members; (c) may make payments to or in respect of a member by way of or in connection withÑ (i) a pension; (ii) an allowance or gratuity on retirement or death; (d) may pay compensation to a person who ceases to be a member if it seems to the Secretary of State or the Department to be right to do so by reason of special circumstances.Ó SCHEDULE 8 Section 147 POWERS TO SEIZE INVALID PASSPORTS ETC Interpretation 1 (1) In this Schedule Òexamining officerÓ meansÑ (a) a constable, (b) a person appointed as an immigration officer under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Immigration Act 1971, or (c) a general customs official designated under section 3(1) of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009. (2) In this Schedule Òtravel documentÓ means anything that is, or appears to be, a passport or other document whichÑ (a) has been issued by or for Her Majesty's Government, or the government of another state, and (b) enables or facilitates travel from one state to another. (3) For the purposes of this Schedule a travel document is ÒinvalidÓ ifÑ (a) it has been cancelled, (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Powers to seize invalid passports etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 223 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) it has expired, (c) it was not issued by the government or authority by which it purports to have been issued, or (d) it has undergone an unauthorised alteration. (4) In this Schedule ÒportÓ meansÑ (a) an airport, (b) a sea port, (c) a hoverport, (d) a heliport, (e) a railway station where passenger trains depart for, or arrive from, places outside the