follows. (2) Schedule 1 (football banning orders: relevant offences) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (7). (3) In paragraph 1(c) (certain offences under the Public Order Act 1986 committed at premises)Ñ (a) after Òany offence under sectionÓ insert Ò4,Ó, and (b) before ÒharassmentÓ insert Òfear or provocation of violence, orÓ. (4) In paragraph 1(k) (certain offences under the Public Order Act 1986 committed on a journey to or from a football match)Ñ (a) after Òany offence under sectionÓ insert Ò4,Ó, and (b) before ÒharassmentÓ insert Òfear or provocation of violence, orÓ. (5) In paragraph 1(q) (certain offences under the Public Order Act 1986 which the court declares to be related to a football match)Ñ (a) after Òany offence under sectionÓ insert Ò4,Ó, (b) before ÒharassmentÓ insert Òfear or provocation of violence, orÓ, and (c) omit Òor any provision of Part 3 or 3A of that Act (hatred by reference to race etc)Ó. (6) In paragraph 1, after paragraph (u) insertÑ Ò(v) any offence under any provision of Part 3 or 3A of the Public Order Act 1986 (hatred by reference to race etc)Ñ (i) which does not fall within paragraph (c) or (k), and (ii) as respects which the court makes a declaration that the offence related to a football match, to a football organisation or to a person whom the accused knew or believed to have a prescribed connection with a football organisation, (w) any offence under section 31 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (racially or religiously aggravated public order offences) as respects which the court makes a declaration that the offence related to a football match, to a football organisation or to a person whom the (w) 240 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes accused knew or believed to have a prescribed connection with a football organisation, (x) any offence under section 1 of the Malicious Communications Act 1988 (offence of sending letter, electronic communication or article with intent to cause distress or anxiety)Ñ (i) which does not fall within paragraph (d), (e), (m), (n), (r) or (s), (ii) as respects which the court has stated that the offence is aggravated by hostility of any of the types mentioned in section 66(1) of the Sentencing Code (racial hostility etc), and (iii) as respects which the court makes a declaration that the offence related to a football match, to a football organisation or to a person whom the accused knew or believed