establishing that the crime did (or did not) take place, only the personal identity documents required for making her presence in police headquarters official were examined and registered at the beginning of the "Term of statements". The commissioner was convinced about the purpose of her trip based on the Portuguese police inquiry. Thus, he merely sought to confirm and document how and by whom the young woman had been invited to travel, as well as to obtain her confession about engaging in sex work, a necessary condition for establishing that the crime took place. The witness, in turn, sought to protect her own reputation. If, by selecting what will and will not be recorded, the police officers are responsible for "simultaneously rendering certain accounts visible and invisible ? or audible and inaudible" (Vianna, 2014, p. 54), this does not mean that the documented person passively submits to the offi- cial documentation act. On the contrary, the deponent seeks to negotiate the choice of words and shape, up to a point, the architecture of the narrative that will be fixed on paper. Thus, the police inquiry can be read, against the grain, as a vehicle for her perspectives, experiences and aspirations, despite the evident deformations produced along the mediation process. The young woman, who seven years before had twice traveled to Portugal to work at the same commercial estab- lishment, recounted that, on the first time, her sister-in-law had told her that a friend had made a great deal of money at a "singles' bar", receiving 50% of the value of drinks offered to, and consumed by, customers. They decid- ed to leave together for Portugal because it was "just drinking". They were then introduced to an older woman (to- wards whom she evidently still felt anger) who was responsible for attracting women in Brazil and mediating the entire immigration process (obtaining a passport, buying plane tickets and contacting the club abroad). The com- missioner interrupts her, stating that it is of no use if it is not on paper. He then reads aloud everything that was recorded and asks that the young woman confirm the story and that she continue more slowly. The commissioner asks if there were "striptease" shows or rooms for sexual encounters at the bar, making explicit a suspicion that could have been previously ruled out had he read the inquiry documents more attentively. She de- nies, "no way, none of that! It was a bar", stating that customers went there only to drink and talk. "But the Por- tuguese are really dumb if they go to a nightclub and pay more just to talk!", the commissioner says, ironically. She corrects him, "it's not a nightclub, it's a bar", and then counters that in Brazil things might be different, but Por- tuguese men went there after companionship, because they were "needy", so much so that they would then want to have lunch, dinner, even marry the girls. She recounts that most of the Brazilian women married Portuguese