it all. In place of victim disbelief, time and attention could more usefully be placed on developing how evidence could be gathered to support (or indeed not support) victim testimony. This could include consideration of: how CCTV evidence could be improved, retained and used; how victim interviews could be better conducted to achieve best evidence; and the use of timely forensic medical examinations including photography of any needle stick injuries. Limitations of evidential drug testing for spiking One of the reasons given by those sceptical that needle spiking was happening was the lack of identi"ed drugs in peopleÕs bodies. The lack of con"rmatory toxicology reports was generally interpreted as evidence that needle spiking was not happening (such as in the Waiton 2021 article) rather than potential limitations of drug testing accuracy and availability. In another case, a student at Aberdeen University reported being needle spiked to Police Scotland but was ÔdismissedÕ by o!cers and Ôwas told there was nothing o!cers could do because she had not had blood samples taken Ð and so there was no proof she had been spikedÕ (Allen 2021, no page numbers). In our FOI data, there were indeed a very small number of drugs identi"ed (however this may have increased as more results may have come back outside of the research period and/or as testing protocols improved over time). At the time of responding to our request, just 7 incidents had drugs identi"ed in our sample. The 7 incidents related to three drugs: mamba (a form of synthetic cannabinoid), insulin and cocaine. In our interview data, there were examples of participants being passed between health and police for blood testing, and of delays to forensic tests being taken. Sometimes these were policing delays, and some were due to a time delay between falling ill and the participant suspecting they had been spiked. Our data is only from the "rst few months of the needle spiking, and testing regimes did get more organised over time. For example, the National Police ChiefÕs Council launched ÔOperation LesterÕ to gain national intelligence and provide a more coordinated forensic testing regime for all forms of spiking. In addition, some night time economy venues sourced their own testing kits including rapid testing kits for drinks (Westmarland, 2022). However, there remains signi"cant issues using existing drug testing methods as a way of ÔprovingÕ spiking. Many of these issues were explored in the Home A#airs Committee report on Spiking (House of Commons 2022a). They highlighted the lack of, and delays in, forensic testing in (all forms of) spiking cases. Giving evidence to the review, Dr Adrian Boyle (Vice President of The Royal College of Emergency Medicine) stated that health settings are not always able to test samples in a way which is admissible in a court of law and that police should take forensic samples: Victims are often ping-ponged between the health service and the police, who told us they have insu!cient forensic testing capacity and that late reporting reduces the viable testing