and the behaviour has a serious effect on the victim. This means that the behaviour causes the victim to fear violence will be used against them on two or more occasions, or it has a substantial adverse effect on the victim’s usual day to day activities and the perpetrator knows, or ought to know, that it will have a serious effect on the victim. 34 ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2020. 35 Economic abuse can be prosecuted under the offence of controlling or coercive behaviour in section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 (‘the 2015 Act’). As defined in the 2015 Act, the offence of controlling or coercive behaviour states that: An offence is committed by ‘A’ if: A repeatedly or continuously engages in behaviour towards another person, ‘B’, that is controlling or coercive; At the time of the behaviour, A and B are “personally connected”; The behaviour has a serious effect on B; and A knows or ought to know that the behaviour will have a serious effect on B. Once in force, section 68 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 will amend the definition of “personally connected’’ in section 76 of the 2015 Act to remove the “living together’’ requirement, which means that the offence of controlling or coercive behaviour will apply to partners, ex-partners or family members, regardless of whether the victim and perpetrator live together. 36 See Adams, AE, Sullivan, CM, Bybee, D, Greeson, MR. Development of the Scale of Economic Abuse: Violence Against Women: 2008: 14(5):563-588. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Examples of economic abuse might include the following: Controlling the family income; Not allowing a victim to earn or spend any money unless ‘permitted’; Denying the victim food or only allowing them to eat a particular type of food; Running up bills and debts such as credit or store cards in a victim’s name, including without them knowing; Refusing to contribute to household income or costs; Deliberately forcing a victim to go to the family courts so they incur additional legal fees; Interfering with or preventing a victim from regularising their immigration status so that they are economically dependent on the perpetrator; Preventing a victim from claiming welfare benefits, or forcing someone to commit benefit fraud or misappropriating such benefits; Interfering with a victim’s education, training, employment and career so that they are economically dependent on the perpetrator; Not allowing a victim access to mobile phone/car/utilities; Damaging the victim’s property; Not allowing a victim to buy pet food or access veterinary care for their pet; Coercing the victim into signing over property or assets; Refusing to make agreed or required payments, for example mortgage repayments or child maintenance payments; and Deliberately frustrating the sale of shared assets, or the closure of joint accounts or mortgages. Economic abuse can make a victim economically dependent on the perpetrator, and/or create economic instability, thereby limiting their ability to escape and access safety. This