a means of improving your communications, knowledge and effectiveness at work. Wiltshire Police/OPCC e-mail and Internet facilities are intended for business use, although limited personal use may be permitted, subject to approval by your line manager. Regardless, all usage of e-mail and Internet facilities is treated as the property of the Wiltshire Police/OPCC and must not be regarded as private. All staff must be aware that the Wiltshire Police and OPCC reserves the right to use monitoring tools to enforce Force policies and to produce periodic reports detailing use of its e-mail and Internet access facilities. Use of e-mail and Internet access introduces security threats such as malicious code attacks, e.g. viruses, unsolicited or undesirable e-mail, fraudulent attempts to acquire sensitive information such as passwords, police matters, unauthorised content, and breaches of legislation, e.g. computer misuse and copyright legislation. If you accidentally access any material which is not permitted, you must report this to your line manager and the ICT Service Desk immediately. E-mail is an insecure method of communication and messages may well be read by those who have no authority to do so. Before sending information via e-mail, you must first assess the classification and handling requirements of that information as detailed in the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) (see Government Security Classification Guidance Handout for details). The following guidelines should be considered when using e-mail, the Internet and social media applications: • Obtain confirmation of receipt of important e-mails, particularly those containing personal data; • Wherever possible check e-mail accounts each working day; • Reply promptly to e-mail messages requiring a response. Where prompt response is not practicable, an acknowledgement should be sent; • When sending emails, authors should be mindful that the content of their email is consistent with the Standards of Professional Behaviour. Specifically they must demonstrate respect and courtesy towards the public and colleagues and they must treat all information with respect and disclose it only in the proper course of police duties; • The sending of whole force email must be approved by an authorised person • Be mindful of the lines between professional and private/personal matters and the importance of keeping these separate; • Remember that emails are records and any content containing personal opinion should be professional. Emails can be retrieved and discussed and you could be identified as the author of said opinion; • When on annual leave or away from the office for a substantial period, the ÒOut of Office Assistant? should be activated. OOO messages should be succinct and should not include information detailing the reason for physical absence, duration of absence, your job title, contact information or detailed alternative contact information. Consider having one message for internal use and one for external use (see Mailbox Management Procedure). • It is not acceptable to send emails to personal email accounts or home computers that relate to Wiltshire Police the OPCC or criminal investigations. The use of Wiltshire Police email and social media accounts should be for work purposes