to minimise the risk of endangering uninvolved persons, and the use of such weapons should be carefully controlled.Ó ÒLaw enforcement officials, in carrying out their duty, shall, as far as possible, apply non-violent means before resorting to the use of force and firearms. They may use force and firearms only if other means remain ineffective or without any promise of achieving the intended result.Ó 1.4 Law relating to the use of force 1.4.1 This code applies within the framework of law governing the use of force by the police, which forms part of the general law of England and Wales - the relevant parts of which are summarised within the APP-AP. 1.5 Use of force and transparency 1.5.1 In the interests of accountability and transparency the APP-AP is publicly available. 1.5.2 In the interests of ensuring transparency in how police officers use force, from April 2017 police forces began to record and publish a range of data each time force is used. Data collected includes the reason force was used, injury data, the type of force used, the gender, ethnicity and age of the subject involved, and the location and outcome of the incident. 1.5.3 Police forces should analyse operational use of force data to build an evidence base to learning which can be reflected in the development of policy, training and tactics to improve safety for all. Particular attention should be given to data and information relating to those individuals and groups identified as most vulnerable. 1.5.4 Data is provided to the Home Office as part of the annual data requirement and published annually. 1.6 Secretary of State powers to prohibit or approve police forces to use specified equipment 1.6.1 The Secretary of State may, using the powers under sections 53 and 53A of the Police Act 1996 (as amended by the Police Reform Act 2002), prohibit police forces from, or approve police forces to, use specified equipment. These powers may only be used: ? if considered necessary by the Secretary of State to promote the efficiency or effectiveness of the police force ? following consultation with representatives of the interests of chief officers, PCCs and any others whose advice is considered necessary ? if the text of the regulation has been prepared or approved by the College of Policing. ? 2 Scope and status of this code 2.1 Weapons and munitions covered by this code 2.1.1 This code applies to any firearms, specialist munitions and less lethal weapons available for deployment within police forces, in the circumstances and framework described within the APP-AP. Less lethal weapons are defined as: weapon systems designed to be used by law enforcement directly against an individual or group of individuals to achieve a physical effect in order to mitigate a threat, without substantial risk3 to the subject of permanent or serious injury, or death. While the actual outcome may, on occasions, be lethal, this outcome is less likely than when conventional firearms are used. As set out in the APP-AP, the less