the premises if they live with the victim. It also protects the victim and prevents further abuse until the matter goes before a magistrate. The DVPN is followed up with an application for a DVPO in a magistrates’ court within 48 hours of service of the notice (not including Sundays, bank holidays, Christmas Day or Good Friday). The resulting DVPO, if granted, lasts for between 14 and 28 days.191 The 2021 Act introduces Domestic Abuse Protection Orders (“DAPOs”) and Domestic Abuse Protection Notices (“DAPNs”). Once brought fully into force, DAPOs will bring together the strongest elements of the existing protective order regime into a single, comprehensive order to provide flexible, longer-term protection to victims of domestic abuse. In addition to imposing negative prohibitions such as excluding a perpetrator from a specified area, the DAPO will be able to impose electronic monitoring requirements, and positive requirements such as attendance on perpetrator behaviour change programmes. DAPNs and DAPOs will initially be piloted in selected areas across England and Wales for two years to test the effectiveness and impact of the new model ahead of expected national roll-out. Separate guidance for the police on DAPNs and DAPOs will be published ahead of the pilot. DVPNs/DVPOs will continue to apply in non-pilot areas until, as expected, DAPNs/DAPOs are rolled out fully on a national basis. At that point, the existing provisions in the 2010 Act relating to DVPN/DVPO will be repealed – DVPNs/DVPOs and the guidance which underpins them will become obsolete. The following paragraphs consider some of the other protective orders that can be issued, further orders may be available dependent on the circumstances. Other protective notices and orders include: Restraining Orders Stalking Protection Orders Forced Marriage Protection Orders FGM Protection Orders Non-molestation Orders and Occupation Orders Sexual Risk Orders 191 For more information, read the guidance on Domestic Violence Protection Orders. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Sexual Harm Prevention Orders Notification Orders A table providing a summary of the orders is set out at Annex D and further details can be found in the respective College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice and CPS guidance. Police and Crime Commissioners Police and Crime Commissioners (PCCs)192 are responsible for issuing police and crime plans which set out their priorities for the police force area during their period of office. As part of the process of preparing the plan, PCCs arrange for the public and victims of crime to give their views before it is issued. In preparing plans, consideration should be given to those that may experience disparities in service outcomes or their experience of crime and policing. PCCs will need to ensure they comply with their responsibilities under the Equality Act 2010. PCCs are responsible for holding their Chief Constables to account for the exercise of the Chief Constable’s functions and the functions of the persons under the Chief Constable’s direction and control. This may include setting clear expectations on responding adequately and effectively to victims of crimes including victims of domestic abuse