Police. For those in uniform, it details the uniform and equipment to be worn and the standards required to ensure consistency with the highest professional standards. This procedure incorporates the standard of uniform, clothing and equipment set out in Regional and National Policies. It is important to note that standards of dress is the personal responsibility of all individuals within the force in line with force values and behaviours. This procedure is not designed to be exhaustive and there maybe occurrences or circumstances which are outside of this procedure however the key principles of professionalism, personal responsibility and presenting a professional image to our public will apply in all circumstances. GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning PPE Personal Protective Equipment PHE Public Health England ID Identification Standards of Dress uniform, clothing, equipment, appearance and grooming UPP Unsatisfactory Performance Procedure RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS All other Wiltshire Police Health and Safety Policies and Procedures Force Body Armour Procedure Regional and National Clothing and Equipment Procedures Issue Resolution and Dignity at Work Policy and Procedure Unsatisfactory Performance Procedure (UPP) or Misconduct Procedures College of Policing Appearance Standards National Guidance AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE AREAS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS PROCEDURE There are no associated Authorised Professional Practice areas at present. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW The Standards of Dress Procedure will be monitored and reviewed annually by the Force Clothing and Equipment Working Group. The procedure will also be reviewed annually in light of legislative change and change in Regional or National standards or best practice. The Force Clothing and Equipment Working Group will be responsible for approval and monitoring the procedure document and its implementation on a regular basis. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE Andrew Irving - Force Policy Officer. 1. Legal Requirements The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 requires every employer, so far as is reasonably practicable, to ensure the health, safety and welfare at work of their employees and anyone else affected by their undertakings. The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999 require the employer to make a suitable and sufficient assessment of the risks to the health and safety of employees to which they are exposed whilst they are at work and the risks to the health and safety of persons not in his employment arising out of or in connection with the business conduct and undertakings. The employee has a duty to take reasonable care of themselves and to do or not to do anything that could cause a risk to others as a result of their own action. 2. Standards of Dress and Appearance Introduction The appearance of staff is important to emphasise professionalism to our communities and colleagues