are informed that: • You work within an organisation that deals with sensitive matters and information, much of which is protectively marked; • You are required to maintain the highest professional and ethical standards; • To ensure that these sensitivities and high standards are maintained, communications by all users using Force information and communications systems (including but not limited to telephone, radio, communications & messaging applications and E-mail) may be intercepted, monitored and recorded; • Conversations conducted by all staff, contract employees and others who may use Force information and communication systems may not be considered to be private; • When appropriate, recorded communications will be used in administrative, misconduct and criminal proceedings. 25. BREACH OF POLICY ESCALATION PROCEDURES 25.1 Purpose of Procedures The purpose of these procedures is to ensure proportional and uniform action is taken in response to all breaches of Force Information Security Policies and associated Security Operating Procedures. They apply to both routine random monitoring and user specific monitoring requests. All breaches will be dealt with under the Police Regulations or Police Staff Discipline Procedure. 25.2 Roles and Responsibilities The Counter Corruption Unit is responsible for conducting activity and audit of Force information systems and stored data. The ICT Department will provide technical assistance as appropriate for activities requiring additional technical support. Potential policy breaches discovered by ICT Department staff during normal system administration must be reported to the Head of Information Management and Assurance in the first instance. Line managers are responsible for ensuring compliance with Force polices through routine supervision of staff use of Force information systems. The Chief Constable has authorised the Professional Standards Department to undertake routine Intelligence lead and random audit of Force systems to ensure that appropriate and proportionate compliance is in place. Requests for specific additional audit of activity of an individual member of staffÕs use of Force systems must be made through formal application (Form 840). Before the Counter Corruption Unit undertake specific auditing requests they must be authorised by the Head of the Counter Corruption Unit. Audits concerning the recovery and review of stored/Archived data are not subject to provisions under The Investigatory Powers (Interception by Businesses etc. for Monitoring and Record-keeping Purposes) Regulations 2018. See Para 2 for Monitoring and Intercept provisions and authority level. The results of audits undertaken in respect of authorised specific requests will be supplied to the requesting individual in the first instance. It is incumbent on that individual to take advice from the Head of Professional Standards or Head of Human Resources before proceeding with any form of administrative or disciplinary action. 25.3 Records In cases where criminal conduct is being investigated, Professional Standards will maintain monitoring records. 26. AUTOMATED RESTRICTIONS To enable the Head of ICT to provide an efficient service, automated restrictions are deployed on the network. These will include virus scanning and content checking of electronic data received from external sources and denying access to some Internet web sites. A small number of key post holders have unrestricted