an offence under the law of England and Wales which is for the time being specified in Schedule 3 to the Sexual Offences Act 2003, other than the offence specified in paragraph 14 of that Schedule (fraudulent evasion of excise duty). (1B) In determining for the purposes of subsection (1A) whether an offence is specified in Schedule 3 to the Sexual Offences Act 2003, any limitation in that Schedule referring to the circumstances of a particular case (including the sentence imposed) is to be disregarded. (1C) References in this Chapter to becoming involved in serious violence include becoming a victim of serious violence. (1D) In considering whether violence in an area amounts to serious violence for the purposes of this Chapter account must be taken in particular of the following factorsÑ (a) the maximum penalty which could be imposed for the offence (if any) involved in the violence, (b) the impact of the violence on any victim, (c) the prevalence of the violence in the area, and (d) the impact of the violence on the community in the area.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 27 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 21 Amendment to the Police and Justice Act 2006 In section 19(11) of the Police and Justice Act 2006 (local authority scrutiny of crime and disorder matters: interpretation), in the definition of Òlocal crime and disorder matterÓÑ (a) omit the ÒorÓ at the end of paragraph (a), and (b) at the end of paragraph (b) insert Òor (c) serious violence (within the meaning of Chapter 1 of Part 1 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998),Ó. General 22 Regulations (1) Regulations under this Chapter are to be made by statutory instrument. (2) Regulations under this ChapterÑ (a) may make different provision for different purposes or areas; (b) may make consequential, supplementary, incidental, transitional, transitory or saving provision. (3) The Secretary of State must consult the Welsh Ministers before making regulations under this Chapter if and to extent that the regulations make provision that applies in relation to a devolved Welsh authority within the meaning of the Government of Wales Act 2006 (see section 157A of that Act). (4) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this Chapter may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. (5) Subsection (4) does not apply to a statutory instrument containing only one or more of