specific action, and may merely be dealt with through generic arrangements. Risks that are high impact and high probability, on the other hand, may point to the development of specific plans and risk mitigation strategies. 6.61. A number of the strategies that could be adopted are given below: o do nothing - in some instances top-level management may consider the risk to be acceptable; o change, transfer or end the process - such decisions to alter business process must be taken with regard to the organisationÕs key objectives and statutory responsibilities; o insure - may provide some financial recompense or support but will not aid the organisationÕs response and will not meet all losses (e.g. reputation and other non-financial impacts, human consequences); o mitigate loss - tangible procedures to eliminate or reduce risk within the business; and o plan for business continuity - an approach that seeks to improve the Category 1 and 2 respondersÕ resilience to interruption, allowing for the recovery of key business and systems processes within the recovery time frame objective, while maintaining their critical functions. 6.62. Any strategy must recognise the internal and external dependencies of the organisation and must have general acceptance by the management functions involved. The continuity strategies adopted here will shape the ability of a Category 1 responder to perform its critical functions in the event of an emergency, and it is important that these decisions are taken by the appropriate officers in the full light of the facts. 6.63. The Act requires Category 1 responders to assess the risk of emergencies occurring (Òemergency risk assessmentÓ) and use these assessments to inform emergency 6.1. planning and business continuity planning (see Chapter 4).18 The development of community risk registers will mean that Category 1 responders have access to up-to-date information about risks in their area. Contingencies that seriously disrupt the activities of the community may also limit the ability to respond to them effectively. Stage 3: Determining business continuity strategy 6.64. Category 1 responders should look at strategic options for its critical activities, while bearing in mind the most appropriate strategy will depend on factors such as: the maximum tolerable period of disruption, cost, and consequences of inaction. 6.65. Strategies should be considered for the following areas: 18 s.2(1)(a),(b) and (e) o people - e.g. multi-skill training; separation of core skills; use of third parties; succession planning; and knowledge retention and management; o premises - e.g. alternative premises/locations; working from home and remote sites; o technology - e.g. geographical spread; holding emergency o replacement, such as old equipment and spares, additional risk mitigation for unique or long lead-time equipment; remote access; third-party; o information - e.g. confidentiality; integrity; availability; and currency; o supplies - e.g.: storage of contingency stock at additional location; third part arrangements; assessing the BC capability of your suppliers; dual sourcing and; contractual and service level agreements; and o stakeholders - e.g. protect the interests of key suppliers and good relationship management. 6.66. Senior managers should sign off documented strategies.