dismissed in a case where the dismissal is unfair by virtue of section 103A, a person who holds, otherwise than under a contract of employment, the office of constable or an appointment as a police cadet shall be treated as an employee employed by the relevant officer under a contract of employment; and any reference to a worker being ÒemployedÓ and to his ÒemployerÓ shall be construed accordingly. (2) In this section Òthe relevant officerÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a member of a police force or a special constable appointed for a police area, the chief officer of police; (b) in relation to a person appointed as a police member of the NCIS, the Director General of NCIS; (c) in relation to a person appointed as a police member of the NCS, the Director General of NCS; (d) in relation to any other person holding the office of constable or an appointment as police cadet, the person who has the direction and control of the body of constables or cadets in question.Ó (2) In section 200(1) of that Act (provisions which do not apply to persons engaged in police service under a contract of employment)Ñ (a) the words Ò, Part IVAÓ and Ò, 47BÓ shall be omitted; (b) after Òsections 100Ó there shall be inserted Ò , 103A Ó; and (c) after Òsection 100Ó there shall be inserted Ò or 103A Ó. (3) Section 13 of the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998 (c. 23) (exclusion of police service from provisions about protected disclosures) shall cease to have effect. (1) 88 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 4 POLICE POWERS ETC. CHAPTER 1 EXERCISE OF POLICE POWERS ETC. BY CIVILIANS F39838 Police powers for [F397civilian staff][F398and volunteers] [F399(1) The chief officer of police of any police force may designate a relevant employee as either or both of the followingÑ (a) a community support officer; (b) a policing support officer. (1A) The chief officer of police of any police force may designate a police volunteer as either or both of the followingÑ (a) a community support volunteer; (b) a policing support volunteer.] (3) F400. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4) A chief officer of police F401. . . shall not designate a person under this section unless he is satisfied that that personÑ