Prosecution Service • Scotland Office • Northern Ireland • GCHQ Outside Government: • Police • National Crime Agency Summary and preferred option with description of implementation plan In summary, we have identified that the existing offence of impairing a computer, which carries a maximum sentence of 10 years, would be insufficiently serious to prosecute cyber attacks which caused serious personal, societal or economic harm. We intend to create a new (aggravated) offence of impairing a computer that causes serious damage to human welfare, national security, the economy or the environment to address this gap. The main purpose of this approach is to proof our legislation against future threats and we would expect the number of prosecutions for the new offence to be very small. Implementation plan The government plans to implement these changes through the Serious Crime Bill (to be introduced in parliament in June 2014). Dependent on its safe passage, commencement would be in 2015 with enactment in 2016. Monitoring This policy will not be reviewed after a certain date, but instead will be monitored routinely. We expect to monitor any cases in which the new offence is used. Annex A Risks and Assumptions Assumption Number of cases: • We estimate costs for a period of 10 years_ We assume that there will be: one case every other year (high estimate); one case every 2 or 3 years (best estimate); or no cases in a 1O year period (low estimate) Source: HO estimate - -- Risks/Limitations • The number of cases could differ from our assumption, particularly bearing in mind the concerns below. • There are particular coneerns that the proposed offence may be potentially very wide-ranging (it would cover loss of life, but also damage and disruption across a wide range of activities and assets) and there is some lack of clarity as to what the lowest threshold would be judged to be in defining disruption or damage, especially as the offence would be subjeel to a maximum penalty of life imprisonment. Progression of a case through the CJS (eg, proportion sentenced to immediate custody): • We assume that all offenders prosecuted for the proposed offence receive a custodial sentence. Source: MoJ internal analysis, 2013. Sentence length given • We also assume that in all cases the custodial sentence is life imprisonment, with a tariff of 12 years. Source: MoJ internal analysis, 2013. • There is a risk that fewer offenders will be sentenced to immediate custody. • There is the risk that the sentence will be shorter than the maximum. • There is a risk that the tariff could be longer or shorter. • There is a risk that some offences will cause only the types of damage for which the lower (14 year) maximum sentence is available CPS costs: • The estimated CPS costs consist of two broad categories, advocacy costs and Activity Based Costings ¥ (ABC).The primary purpose of the ABC model is resource distribution, and has several limitations (see risks). The CPS ABC Crown