is helpful to highlight the experiences of deaf victims who as a community are a linguistic minority based on their language and many deaf people experience personal and structural barriers in accessing help and reporting abuse. Deaf people may encounter specific barriers to accessing support when experiencing controlling or coercive behaviour as they might not be aware of the available support and/or professionals may not know to use appropriate communication methods. There is likely to be underreporting of abuse by deaf victims due to communication and information barriers. Professionals and service providers should be aware that deaf victims need specialist support services who can understand their cultural and linguistic needs. Where possible, professionals working with deaf victims should be expected to have some personal experience of deafness, as having to relive their trauma time and again with new people (e.g. sign language interpreters) can be disruptive to their healing and may result in them disengaging from much needed support. This may also be relevant for those with a learning disability who may use an advocate or carer to support their process of talking about their experience. Following best practice, deaf individuals should be signposted or referred on to a domestic abuse service specialised in supporting deaf people or a deaf-led specialist service in the first instance. To achieve optimum outcomes, professionals working with deaf victims should be able to communicate fluently using sign language, without the need for third party communication support. Organisations and agencies should also consider collaborative working relationships with other specialist services, so that they are able to jointly meet the needs of their clients through the sharing of resources, knowledge, and complementary skillsets. Speech, language, and communication People with speech, language, and communication needs may be actively targeted by perpetrators or experience abuse for longer periods of time because of difficulties they face in explaining what has happened to them, asking for help, and accessing the support available. Services, including local authorities should ensure that good practice includes the identification of, and appropriate support for, communication needs, including: 108 For example, Stay Safe East provide a Disability and Domestic Abuse risk assessment to be used alongside the Domestic Abuse, Stalking, Harassment and ‘Honour’-Based Violence (DASH) risk assessment. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance the links between domestic abuse and speech, language and communication needs; the impact of witnessing domestic abuse on children’s speech, language and communication; and the services available to support people with those needs, including children (this may involve ensuring the availability of independent interpreters). Many speech and language difficulties are unidentified and undiagnosed. Services should seek to understand the needs of people with these difficulties, including the risk that they may not be, or have been, taken seriously in their reports because of the way that they communicated them. Speech, language, and communication needs can be a risk factor and are often hidden. They can result from lifelong or acquired conditions and for children and young people they may be part of a