Disabled people Some disabled people may experience communication difficulties, and may therefore have difficulty making a SAR. We have a legal duty to make reasonable adjustments if they wish to make a request. If the request is not straightforward, you should document it in an accessible format and send it to the disabled person to confirm the details of the request. Before responding to a SAR you should liaise with the applicant to find out how best to meet their needs. This may be by providing the response in a particular format that is accessible to the person, such as large print, audio formats, email or Braille. If an individual thinks you have failed to make a reasonable adjustment, they can make a claim under the Equality Act 2010 or the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 (NI). Further information about your legal obligations and how to make effective reasonable adjustments is available from the Equality and Human Rights Commission or from the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland. 2.6 Manifestly Unreasonable, Excessive or Unfounded Requests If the request is deemed Ômanifestly unreasonable, excessive or unfoundedÕ, The Chief Constable has the right to: • charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information; or • refuse to respond Data Subjects could potentially attempt to use the Subject Access process as a means to harass Police Forces with no real purpose other than to cause disruption. An example of this can be repeated requests for the same information over a short period of time (or over several years) or where the Police Force has provided the Data Subject with their personal data through an alternative disclosure mechanism e.g. pre-trial information being disclosed under CPIA and the same information being requested through a Right of Access Request. ÔExcessive requestsÕ can refer to those which would involve a substantial effort to respond to. ÔUnfounded requestsÕ are those which are clearly without basis or where the request is not made out. Any request which asks for Òall information held about meÓ or Òall emails in which my name is mentionedÓ may be considered to be manifestly excessive and/or unfounded and will be rejected for further refinement from the data subject. In the event that a request Ôhas the potentialÕ to be refused by Wiltshire Police, you should discuss with the FDU PDM in the first instance for a second opinion. If required, the Data Subject should then be contacted to offer them the opportunity to refine their request or clarify the information sought. If, having advised the data subject of the need to refine their request, as it is deemed to be Manifestly Unreasonable, Excessive or Unfounded, they are still dissatisfied, then the Data Subject should be advised on their Ôright of appealÕ to the Information Commissioner. 2.8 Fees The majority of Right of Access Requests will not involve a fee. Information will be provided free of charge to any individual making a Right of Access Request unless: • The request is