officers, cavalry soldiers or cowboys. In cases of doubt the chief officer of police may wish to consult with the officers and officials of the relevant re-enactment society concerned. Theatrical use 12.72 Section 12 of the 1968 Act permits people taking part in a theatrical performance, rehearsal or the production of a cinematographic film to possess genuine firearms during the performance or rehearsal. Under these circumstances, a firearm certificate may be issued to the theatre manager or film production armourer (for these purposes, ÔfilmÕ may be held to include television). Persons under eighteen do not qualify for this exemption by virtue of sections 27 and 28 of the 1968 Act, as amended by regulation 4(2) and 4(3) respectively of the 1992 Regulations. For authenticity, there may also be occasions where a genuine prohibited firearm may be possessed during the performance or rehearsal. In these circumstances, a section 5 authority will be issued by the Secretary of State, for England and Wales, or Scottish Ministers to the theatre manager or film production armourer. In all circumstances, the firing of live ammunition during performance or rehearsal is not permitted. See also paragraph 12.69 for the distinction between historical performance and battle re-enactment. For more information on the possession and use of prohibited firearms for theatrical and cinematic use see Chapter 3. Component parts 12.73 Section 57(1D) of the 1968 Act defines the relevant Ôcomponent partsÕ in relation to a lethal barrelled weapon or a prohibited weapon as: (a) a barrel, chamber or cylinder, (b) a frame, body or receiver, (c) a breech block, bolt or other mechanism for containing the pressure of discharge at the rear of a chamber, but only where the item is capable of being used as a part of a lethal barrelled weapon or a prohibited weapon. 110 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 12.74 Component parts of firearms are subject to certificate control and may be authorised if a shooter needs replacement or interchangeable parts. 12.75 Spare cylinders for muzzle-loading revolvers are not normally authorised except for use in ÒBianchiÓ style competitions under National Rifle Association approved courses of fire. It should be noted, however, that some cased sets, both antique and modern reproductions, will contain a spare cylinder, or cylinders, and these may be properly included on certificate for both possession and use. 12.76 Section 3 of the 1968 Act makes it an offence for anyone to sell or transfer an air weapon, including their component parts and accessories (see Home Office circular 031/2007) by way of trade or business unless they are registered with the police as a firearms dealer under section 33 of the 1968 Act. Spare shot gun component parts are not subject to certificate control except for dealers (see Chapter 2). With regard to air weapons the pressure bearing parts are the barrel, cylinder or reservoir and the piston. Buddy bottles used for filling the reservoir of pre-charged pneumatic air weapons are not considered to be components. With modern developments in firearms design