well as with those who visit the sea or coast for leisure. Further information can be found at: http:// www.dft.gov.uk/mca/. 8.52. Local authorities must observe the limits on sharing sensitive information set out in the Regulations when taking forward their programme of advice and assistance. Local authorities may have access to - or be asked for - personal data or information that relates to national security or public safety. Even where this would assist the local authority in its BCM advice and assistance work, this information should not be disclosed, unless appropriate consent has been obtained or the public interest in disclosure outweighs the interests of the organisation or individual concerned. The same applies to commercially sensitive information, which must also be treated appropriately. Chapter 3 sets out in more detail the limits on dealing with sensitive information. [See also case studies 3 and 5 in Box 8.3] How the Act and the regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland Scotland 8.53. The Regulations made by the Minister which relate to the promotion of business continuity do not apply to local authorities in Scotland. The Regulations made by the Scottish Ministers make provision as to how local authorities in Scotland should exercise their duty to provide advice and assistance in relation to business continuity. Wales 8.54. The Act and the Regulations apply in Wales in the same way as they apply in England. 8.1. Northern Ireland 8.55. The duty to provide advice and assistance to business and voluntary organisations in relation to business continuity does not apply to local authorities in Northern Ireland. 8.56. This section outlines how the Government believes the duties described may best be carried out. It describes good practice. Category 1 responders must have regard to this guidance.20 Why should organisations put BC plans in place? 8.57. Whilst the duty to promote BC is founded on the wider contribution to national resilience, to use this reason as a way to encourage businesses to take up business continuity may not encourage businesses to take that step and make that investment. 8.58. For the majority of commercial businesses, any decision to adopt a system or activity will focus on Ôbusiness benefitsÕ. It is therefore imperative that when promoting business continuity, the arguments used resonate with those responsible for making these decisions. These should promote the financial benefits that can be accrued by: o conducting a business impact analysis to evaluate the critical activities to a business (e.g. the processes for producing and selling those products that have the highest profit margin); o demonstrating processes in place to deal with disruption to existing and potential new customers; 20 s.4(8)(b) o reduction of costly downtime, through alternative arrangements such as dual-sourcing and contingency measures; o reduction in insurance premiums for policies such as Ôbusiness disruptionÕ when demonstrating resilience measures; o the ability to retain, and possibly gain new contracts and customers through being able to deliver when others canÕt. 8.59. The following information will be useful to local businesses