obstruction of the highway; (c) to protect a child or other vulnerable person from the person in question; (d) to allow the prompt and effective investigation of the offence or of the conduct of the person in question; (e) to prevent any prosecution for the offence from being hindered by the disappearance of the person in question. Time for commencing summary proceedings 22.14 Section 51(4) of the 1968 Act provides that, notwithstanding section 127 of the Magistrates Courts Act 1980 or section 23 of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act 1954, summary proceedings for any offence under the Act (except section 22(3) of the 1968 Act, or any offence relating specifically to air weapons) may be instituted at any time within four years after the commission of the offence. 22.15 It should be noted though that no proceedings shall be instituted in England and Wales six months after the date of the offence, unless they are instituted by, or under the direction of, the Director of Public Prosecutions. Such cases requiring the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions should be referred to the local Crown Prosecution Service Office (under section 1(6) of the Prosecution of Offences Act 1985 a Crown Prosecutor has all the same powers of the Director as 183 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law to the institution of proceedings). The provision will be found useful in cases in which offences under the Act of a comparatively serious nature do not come to light until some time afterwards, for example, at the time that a firearm certificate falls due for renewal. Forfeiture and disposal of firearms and cancellation of certificates by a convicting Court 22.16 Section 52 of the 1968 Act sets out the circumstances in which, on conviction, a court may order the forfeiture and disposal of firearms and ammunition and cancel firearm or shot gun certificates. Power is given to a constable to seize and detain any firearm or ammunition that may be the subject of an order for forfeiture. In the event of a cancellation of a certificate, the court must notify the chief officer of police who granted the certificate. The chief officer must then, by notice in writing, require the holder to surrender the certificate, and the holder must surrender the certificate within 21 days. No order can be made on the conviction of a person for an offence under the schedule of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 concerning museum licences for the forfeiture of any firearm and ammunition in their possession in their capacity as a museum employee (section 25(5) of the 1988 Act). Counting Rules for Recorded Crime 22.17 Where the offences of possessing etc firearms or ammunition, or shot guns, without a certificate are committed, often when a certificate expires and has not been renewed, a crime report must be completed: (a) the day following the expiry of the certificate; or (b) when the offence is substantiated, that is when the certificate holder is visited by the Enquiry Officer to carry