functions); (c) regulations under section 16(8) (power to permit disclosure); (d) an order under section 23 (application of provisions about investigations and detention: England and Wales and Northern Ireland); (e) an order under section 35 (power to modify enactments); (f) an order under section 36 (power to make supplementary etc. provision) that amends or repeals primary legislation. (5) A statutory instrument containing onlyÑ (a) regulations under section 29 (inspections by Her Majesty's Inspectors of Constabulary etc.), or (b) an order under section 36 that does not amend or repeal primary legislation, is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (6) A statutory instrument containing an order under section 33 (power to require payment into the Consolidated Fund) is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the House of Commons. (7) In this section Òprimary legislationÓ meansÑ (a) an Act of Parliament, (b) an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (a) (c) a Measure or Act of the National Assembly for Wales, or (d) Northern Ireland legislation. F36(8) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38 Interpretation In this PartÑ F37... Òcustoms functionÓ has the meaning given by section 14(6); Òcustoms informationÓ has the meaning given by section 14(6); Òcustoms revenue functionÓ has the meaning given by section 7(9); Òcustoms revenue informationÓ has the meaning given by section 14(6); Òcustoms revenue matterÓ has the meaning given by section 7(2); Òcustoms revenue officialÓ means a customs revenue official designated under section 11(1); Òdesignated customs officialÓ has the meaning given by section 14(6); ÒenactmentÓ includesÑ (a) an enactment contained in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978 (c. 30); (b) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, an Act of the Scottish Parliament; (c) an enactment contained in, or in instrument made under, Northern Ireland legislation; (d) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, a Measure or Act of the National Assembly for Wales; ÒfunctionÓ means any power or duty (including a power or duty that is ancillary to another power or duty); Ògeneral customs functionÓ has the meaning given by section 1(8); Ògeneral customs matterÓ has the meaning given by section 1(2); Ògeneral customs officialÓ means a general customs official designated under section 3(1); Òpersonal customs informationÓ has the meaning given by section 15(4); Òpersonal customs revenue informationÓ has the meaning given by section 15(4); Òrelevant officialÓ has the meaning given by section 15(3). Part 2 Ð Citizenship Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content