and increase transparency in law enforcement practices. Upon transitioning away from checkpoint stops, the New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services would instruct sheriffs on implementing saturation patrols and other methods and reassigning officers from checkpoints.11 Redirecting funds from checkpoints would allow flexibility in spending on traffic enforcement and areas with different needs to implement less costly methods based on their needs. Training for saturation patrols takes roughly three months, which would give law enforcement time to implement substitute methods within the required time frame.6 Saturation patrols combined with other measures are proven to be effective in deterring drunk driving and reducing alcohol- impaired driving by 18-40%.6,9 If resources are properly allocated, banning checkpoint stops should reduce spending for sheriffÕs departments while maintaining a low rate of drunk driving and accidents. Based on similar policies in other states and preliminary research on checkpoint stops, adopting this policy in New York would garner support that would help secure its implementation. Several states already prohibit checkpoint stops based on violations of their state constitution or law.2 In Michigan, checkpoints were deemed generally ineffective.3 Checkpoints also use a significant number of resources and police attention that could be used for other methods.2 This policy would gain bipartisan support as a cost- saving method that effectively repurposes police resources. A typical checkpoint with fifteen or more officers can cost $5,000 to $7,000, along with media publicity costs of publicity through paid media such as road signs and advertisements.11 Rather than spending these funds on checkpoints and publicity, officers could be trained for other methods, such as saturation patrols that have flexible costs based on the number of officers participating.6 Additionally, the increased police transparency as a result of this ban aligns with the platforms of organizations such as Communities United for Police Reform, Make the Road New York, and the New York Civil Liberties Union. Organizations like Communities United for Police Reform can publish articles and generate public support for legislation similar to a ban on checkpoints and could similarly advocate for this policy. Evidence of racial discrepancies in checkpoint stops would help gain the support of these organizations, who could advocate for the bill to pass in the New York legislature. Representatives such as Bill Magnarelli, the chair of the transportation committee, have a history of supporting police transparency efforts and could help lead advocacy for a ban on checkpoints. Additionally, the New York legislature has historically passed bills with similar causes, with the current assembly generally representative of similar ideals. Works Cited [1] Fell, James C., Susan A. Ferguson, Allan F. Williams, and Michele Fields. ÒWhy Are Sobriety Checkpoints Not Widely Adopted as an Enforcement Strategy in the United States?Ó Accident Analysis & Prevention 35, no. 6 (November 1, 2003): 897Ð902. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0001- 4575(02)00097-0. [2] ÒPublicized Sobriety CheckpointsÓ National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 2023. https://www.nhtsa.gov/book/counte rmeasures-that-work/alcohol- impaired- driving/countermeasures/enforceme nt/publicized-sobriety-checkpoints. [3] Tracy A. McCloskey, "Michigan Constitutional Law--A Sobriety Checkpoint Program That Seizes Automobiles on a Public Highway in the State of Michigan without