prescribed under section 8(2) of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 as a court holiday in the court of the appropriate judge; in any part of the United Kingdom, any day that is a bank holiday under the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 in that part of the United Kingdom.” In section 7(1)(b) of the Extradition Act 2003 (c. 41) (application of provisions for verifying the identity of the person arrested) for “is arrested under section 5 and section 6(2)” substitute “ arrested under section 5 is brought before the appropriate judge under section 6 and section 6(2A) ”. Use of live link in extradition proceedings After section 206 of the Extradition Act 2003 insert— 106 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “Live links 206A Use of live links at certain hearings This section applies in relation to— a hearing before the appropriate judge in proceedings under Part 1, other than— an extradition hearing within the meaning of that Part; a hearing under section 54 or 56, and a hearing before the appropriate judge in proceedings under Part 2, other than an extradition hearing within the meaning of that Part. If satisfied that the person affected by an extradition claim is likely to be in custody during the hearing, the appropriate judge may give a live link direction at any time before the hearing. A live link direction is a direction that, if the person is being held in custody at the time of the hearing, any attendance at the hearing is to be through a live link from the place at which the person is held. Such a direction— may be given on the appropriate judge's own motion or on the application of a party to the proceedings, and may be given in relation to all subsequent hearings to which this section applies, or to such hearing or hearings to which this section applies as may be specified or described in the direction. The appropriate judge may give such a direction only if satisfied that it is not contrary to the interests of justice to give the direction. A person affected by an extradition claim is to be treated as present in court when, by virtue of a live link direction, the person attends a hearing through a live link. 206B Live links: supplementary The appropriate judge may rescind a live link direction at any time before or during a hearing to which it relates. The appropriate judge must not give a live link direction or rescind