Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 373 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) protecting the public in Scotland, or any particular members of the public in Scotland, from sexual harm from the offender, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the offender outside the United Kingdom. (7) An order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from sexual harm from the offender, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the offender outside the United Kingdom. (8) The court must not discharge an order before the end of the period of 5 years beginning with the day on which the order was made without the consent of the defendant and the chief constable. (9) The offender may appeal against the making of an order under this section, or the refusal to make such an order, as if it were a decision constituting final judgment in civil proceedings within the meaning of the Courts Reform (Scotland) Act 2014 (asp 18). (10) In this sectionÑ Òthe appropriate sheriffÓ meansÑ (a) in any case, a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the offender resides, or (b) in a case where the application is made by the chief constableÑ (i) a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the offender is believed by the chief constable to be, or (ii) a sheriff to whose sheriffdom the offender is believed by the chief constable to be intending to come; Òthe chief constableÓ means the chief constable of the Police Service of Scotland.Ó PART 3 VARIATION OF ORDER BY COURT IN ENGLAND AND WALES 6 After section 136ZF of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (inserted by paragraph 4) insertÑ 1 374 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò136ZG Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual harm prevention order made