(drawing ref. M101273) (Figure 11). The unformed protective panel, outside of its carrier, shall be fastened to the front face of the backing material using two 50 mm wide hook and loop fabric straps. The edge of the straps shall be secured at least 50 mm from any shot location and, if achievable, more than 100 mm from any shot location. The straps shall be secured by hand, such that the panel is secure but not deformed. The body side of the armour panel shall be in contact with the surface of the backing material. Figure 11: Ballistic tray mounted with extension support 6.5.3.2. Test shots Shots shall be performed using the shot patterns specified in Table 10. Following each shot the panel shall be removed from the backing and smoothed24 before replacing it in the same position so that the next shot may be taken. The surface of the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray shall also be smoothed without disturbing the BFS of the previous shots. All shots shall be performed before measurements are taken. Bullets trapped in the armour shall not be removed unless impeding the next shot. An angle shot will be the first shot performed on each panel in accordance with the specifications in Table 10. The protective panels, mounted on the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray, in succession shall be rotated on the backing material to enable a test to be conducted towards each edge of the armour panel. The setup of this test is shown in Figure 12. Bullet Line of Flight Figure 12: Images showing the rotation of the protective panel and backing material about the shot normal to achieve a 45¡ angle 6.5.3.3. Measurements After all test shots have been performed, the panel shall be removed from the backing material tray. The BFS resulting from each test shot shall be measured using the top edges of the tray as a reference point with an agreed measurement tool. A measurement shall then be taken at the deepest point of the BFS produced by the shot (Figure 13). This shall be repeated for each shot location. 24 Smoothed Ð pulled flat and straightened without using any significant physical force (e.g. impacting armour against surface to flatten) Figure 13: Example of a measurement of BFS on flat Roma Plastilina¨ tray 6.5.3.4. Assessments All assessments shall be carried out in accordance with the performance assessment criteria outlined in Section 6.1.1. Perforation shall be assessed from the body side of the armour. BFS values shall be assessed against the limits specified in Table 8. 6.5.3.5. Backing material repair and re-conditioning Cavities in the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 caused by calibration drop tests or ballistic testing shall be refilled with Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 that has been conditioned in the same heated enclosure as the main tray. Any debris remaining in Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 following ballistic testing shall be removed before the cavities are refilled. When refilling, the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 shall be pressed firmly into