The relationship between central government and the Category 1 and 2 responders, as mediated by the LRFs, is discussed further below (see paragraphs 2.92-2.94). 44 s. 2 (5)(h) 2.50. Finally, as stated, the LRF does not have an operational role. It facilitates preparedness at the local level. Nevertheless, when an emergency occurs, at least one of the local Category 1 responders will normally 45 declare a major incident and call together a Strategic Co-ordinating Group (SCG) (usually, though not always, led by the police). Some, or many, of the responder organisations which have met at the LRF are likely to be part of the SCG.46 The SCGÕs task is to co-ordinate the response to the emergency and it is also likely to take a role in the initial stages of the recovery (after which, if required, it is replaced by a dedicated Recovery Co-ordinating Group (RCG)). LRFs must help plan how the formation of the SCG takes place so as to ensure that it happens smoothly and without misunderstandings. It is reported widely that organisations which have worked together in the LRF are more likely to respond coherently and with confidence to an emergency. The formation of the SCG is not simply a transition from the LRF. On occasions, the LRF will continue to meet while an SCG is operating. LRF Ð structure 2.51. The Local Resilience Forum comprises all chief officer groups, working groups, task and finish groups and sub-groups.47 The structure of the LRF reflects its status as a forum bringing together the duty-holders. 2.52 Because of its importance, the LRF chief officer group should attract a sufficiently senior level of representation. For example, local authority representatives should be at chief executive or deputy chief executive level, and police representatives should be chief constables or their deputies. Because the discussions are strategic, the LRF chief officer group should meet relatively infrequently, though at the minimum every six months, and the meetings should be thoroughly prepared so that the time of senior officers is used well.48 45 Plans are maintained by Category 1 responders and will normally be activated by a member of that organisation, the regulations do not limit the decisions to Category 1 responders. Please refer to Emergency Preparedness, Chapter 5, paragraph 5.20 for more information. 46 At the time of an emergency, those organisations whose functions are affected by the emergency come together to deliver the response and to lead the recovery. 47 regulation 4(7) 48 regulation 4(7)(a) 2.53. The role of the general working group is to bring issues before the chief officer group and ensure its decisions are implemented. Preparation for the LRF chief officer meetings is likely to be the responsibility of the LRF general working group. It is likely that senior civil protection professionals will attend, who can help determine the most useful agenda for the chief officer group. Chief Officers may of course nominate appropriate senior managers to attend if they wish. These working group meetings should be held regularly and