progressing through the criminal justice system. This unit may be known by another name in your local area. The police will tell you the name of the unit who deliver the Rights assigned to the Witness Care Unit in this Code. 15 This only applies to the extent that the service provider has formally accepted responsibility for conducting a criminal investigation into the crime or has formally accepted responsibility for making a decision to prosecute that crime. 1 The role of Police and Crime Commissioners Police and Crime Commissioners are locally elected to secure efficient and effective policing. They have a legal duty to consult with victims in setting the policing priorities in their area and to hold the Chief Constable of the police in their area to account. They are responsible for commissioning many of the services that support victims outlined in this Code. The role of the Commissioner for Victims and Witnesses (VictimsÕ Commissioner) The VictimsÕ Commissioner is not listed as a service provider under this Code. This is because the Commissioner has a statutory duty to keep this Code under regular review. It is part of the CommissionerÕs role to listen to the views of victims, understand the criminal justice system from the victimsÕ point of view and try to help improve the services and support available. The VictimsÕ Commissioner cannot help with individual cases or challenge criminal justice agencies to make different decisions. Enhanced Rights This Code acknowledges that victims who are considered vulnerable or intimidated, are a victim of the most serious crime (including a bereaved close relative) or have been persistently targeted are more likely to require specialised assistance (some victims may fall into one or more of these categories). Such support may include being offered a referral to a specialist support service, being contacted sooner after key decisions and having access to special measures (see Right 4) Within each individual Right this Code highlights where such Enhanced Rights apply. Once a service provider has identified that you are eligible for Enhanced Rights, they must ensure that this information is passed to other service providers with responsibilities under this Code and, where appropriate, to services that support victims. If you do not fall within the categories outlined above, a service provider may decide to provide access to certain Enhanced Rights depending on your circumstances or the impact of the crime. Vulnerable or intimidated victims You are eligible for Enhanced Rights under this Code as a vulnerable16 victim if: ? you are under 18 years of age at the time of the offence,17 or ? the quality of your evidence is likely to be affected because you: • suffer from mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1983; • otherwise have a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning; or • have a physical disability or are suffering from a physical disorder. You are also eligible for Enhanced Rights under this Code as an intimidated victim if the service provider considers that