to fulfil this duty but cannot discharge it on their behalf. Private sector organisations should also be encouraged to provide necessary advice and information where relevant (see also paragraph 7.25). 7.12. There are several options for Category 1 responders in deciding how best to discharge their responsibility. They may decide to undertake the task: o on their own; o collaboratively, by agreeing with partners to act under the leadership of a lead responder; 5 o jointly, by making arrangements with another Category 1 responder; 6 or o by delegating the task to another Category 1 responder.7 7.13. They may also support collaborative arrangements with the use of protocols. 8 Maintain arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public 7.14. Category 1 responders are required to maintain arrangements to warn the public if an emergency is likely to occur or has occurred. In addition to warning, they must also have arrangements to provide information and advice to the public if an emergency is likely to occur or has occurred.9 5 regulations 9-11 6 regulation 8(a) 7 regulation 8(b) 8 regulation 7 9 s.2(1)(g) PAGE 5 7.15. The Act places a duty on Category 1 responders to maintain arrangements to warn. This reserves decisions about when, how, what and to whom warnings should be issued, to the local Category 1 responders themselves (see Figure 7.1). Plans, processes and protocols can be co-ordinated through the relevant warning and informing groups within the Local Resilience Forums. At the same time, there is a clear expectation that the arrangements to warn will be utilised where an emergency has occurred, making it necessary for responders to take action collectively to ensure a consistent message Identification of Category 1 responder with lead responsibility 7.16. Confusion would be caused, if more than one Category 1 responder were to plan to warn the public about the same risk at the same time and to the same extent. To avoid duplication, the Regulations effectively support flexibility by requiring those Category 1 responders whose functions are affected by an emergency to co-operate for the purpose of identifying which organisation will take lead responsibility for maintaining arrangements to warn in regard to that particular emergency. 10 7.17. If agreement cannot be reached, each of them must maintain these arrangements separately, but should be mindful of the potential consequences of conflicting information. (Further guidance can be found later under ÒWhoÓ Ð lead responder paragraph 7.94) 7.18. The Regulations envisage two ways in which a lead responder for warning, informing and advising the public may be chosen: o by identification before an emergency; 11or o by adopting a procedure to be followed at the time of emergency.12 10 regulation 32 11 regulation 32(3)(a) 12 regulation 32(3)(b) PAGE 6 7.19. In addition, a procedure may be adopted by which the role of lead responder may be changed from one Category 1 responder to another during the course of an emergency, including the recovery period.13 Co-operation to identify the lead responder for warning, informing and advising