physical descriptions beyond the "race" attributed to them. The inescapable presence of these categories and fields in the documents, as well as the lack of space for photos and physical descriptions of those involved, are material elements of VPIs that are incompatible with "missing per- sons" plots. "Missing persons" plots are not crimes and, therefore, it is not possible to speak of "authors", "victims" and "witnesses", at least not with the meaning assigned to these categories in criminal occurrences. Furthermore, a persons' "disappearance" cannot be narratively treated as an "occurrence" that took place at a certain "place", "date and time" and in front of certain people. What can be said about a "disappearance", instead, is only the place where the "missing person" was last seen by others who came to view them as "missing" based on a moment or process that may have no connection with events situated in time and space. For this reason, photos of "missing" persons, graphic artifacts that are usually taken by their "families" to the precincts where they report the cases, are frequently glued, in a manner at once improvised and already standard- ized, at the edges of papers included in the VPIs. In most cases, this is done at the upper right corner of police re- ports, where there are no insignias or inscriptions that would be obscured by the images. Physical descriptions of the "missing persons", including information about the clothes they were wearing when they were last seen, strik- ing facial features and marks or tattoos they may have, are registered in fields meant not for information about persons, but rather for descriptions of the so-called "dynamics of the occurrence". As Paes (2008) exemplarily describes, the process of filling out documents in precincts is precisely characterized by improvisations, alterations and subversions of what categories and fields such as "dynamics of the occurrence" seem to presuppose, such as those employed in "missing persons" cases in order to include photos and physical descriptions of the "missing" in the VPIs. These improvisations and subversions often become fixed patterns of recording, as revealed, for example, by the practice of filling out the "dynamics of the occurrence" field not with in- formation about the occurrence, but rather with accounts of activities carried out by the police officers since be- coming aware of it. This practice, just as other patterns of recording used in precincts, are interpreted by Paes (2008) and Miranda et al (2010) as effects of the not only inquisitorial, but also notary system that orients police actions in Brazil. As a result of this system, "the logic of the document that must be registered and filed precedes the logic of the record as a resource for the investigation" (Paes, 2008, p.175). In records about "missing persons", this logic of documents that must be filled out, even despite incongruences between their material elements and the cases' plots, ends up rein- forcing the lack of importance attributed VPIs. Moreover, it also ends up endowing "missing persons" cases