that is sexually abusive.30 This abuse can involve: Rape and sexual assaults; Being pressured into sex, or sexual acts, including with other people; Being forced to take part in sexual acts because of threats to others, including children; Unwanted sexual contact or demands; ‘Corrective’ rape (the practice of raping someone with the aim of ‘curing’ them of being LGBT); Intentional exposure to HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) or sexually transmitted infections; Being pressurised or being tricked into having unsafe sex, including deception over the use of birth control; Forced involvement in making or watching pornography; and Hurting a victim during sex including non-fatal strangulation. 26 Glass, N, et al. Non-fatal strangulation is an important risk factor for homicide of women: J Emerg Med: 2008 Oct; 35(3):329-335. 27 See Strangulation and suffocation - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk). 28 Williams, R, Monkton-Smith, J. Non-fatal Strangulation: A summary report on data collected from SUTDA survey. Stand up to domestic abuse: 2020. 29 The Domestic Abuse Act 2021 commencement schedule sets out the actual and planned timing for commencement of the provisions of the Act: Domestic Abuse Act 2021 commencement schedule - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk). 30 The year ending March 2020 Crime Survey shows that, since the age of 16, an estimated 4% of adults aged 16 to 74 had been victims of domestic abuse related sexual assault since the age of 16. Women were more likely to report being victims; with 7.3% of women and 0.7% of men reporting domestic abuse related sexual assault in their lifetime. ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Office for National Statistics: Data year ending March 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Sexual abuse can coexist with sexual exploitation. Forced sex acts may involve activities such as being forced to perform pornography or to strip in person, via webcam or live streaming platform. Perpetrators may force or coerce a victim into exchanging sex for drugs, alcohol, or money, or coerce them into committing a crime, such as theft, to pay, for example, for the perpetrator’s drugs or alcohol. “Rough sex”, including sadomasochistic activity, can involve the infliction of pain or violence, simulated or otherwise with the aim of providing sexual gratification for the parties involved. This type of activity can encompass a wide range of behaviours. Although it may occur in private and be consensual, section 71 of the 2021 Act, which states that the infliction of serious harm resulting in actual bodily harm (ABH) or other more serious injury31, means that the person responsible for those injuries will be liable to a criminal prosecution, irrespective of whether consent had been given by the person in receipt of the injuries or not. The matter of consent may be challenging, as victims of domestic abuse may be unable to recognise where they have been coerced into providing consent. Non-consensual or harmful non-fatal strangulation can arise in a sexual context. Section 70 of the 2021 Act makes a change to the Serious Crime Act 2015 to provide that a person commits