should consider drawing up a plan that ensures responsible AI is suitable for the planet and helps build broader awareness, inform regulation, and incentivise researchers and developers to make more conscious and accountable decisions in these areas. Ahead of COP26, the UK should consider how to develop and showcase the UKÕs ability in cleantech, which spans the entire country and represents a successful, innovative path to Net Zero,47 and use its spotlight to encourage an open, international digital ecosystem of data, algorithms and insights that can generate reliable information in real-time about the state of the environment and interactions between the economy, society and the environment. Defence and security AI is central to a broad range of defence and security applications, which are becoming increasingly data rich and networked. They require multiple sources of information to be brought together to understand a rapidly evolving situation, to determine a timely course of action and to oversee the enactment of the response. The information involved is often multi-modal (text, audio and video) and is invariably uncertain, incomplete and contradictory. Sometimes it is also intentionally misleading. AI methods are necessary to make sense of this volume, variety and velocity of information. However, further developments are required to scale the underpinning fusion techniques, to have them work in closer partnership with the humans involved, and to ensure the ensuing decisions and plans can be understood and justified. The increased connectivity of all aspects of our society means that digital assets are increasingly common, and valuable and physical assets are increasingly accessible remotely. These bring tremendous benefits, but also open up The third opportunity would be to create a better understanding of the skills and knowledge required for citizens and Net Zero challenges. 42 The Topol Review advised the government on implementing technologies such as AI in the NHS and to enable NHS staff to make the most of them to improve services. The Topol Review, NHS (February 2019) 43 Solar nowcasting with machine vision, The Alan Turing Institute (current research) 44 The fight against illegal deforestation with TensorFlow, Google (March 2018) 45 Understanding Arctic sea ice loss, The Alan Turing Institute (current research) 46 AI Barometer Report, Centre for Data Ethics and Innovation ( June 2020) 47 UK Tech For A Changing World, Tech Nation (2020) 17 opportunities for interference and disruption, leading to a requirement for a secure, connected intelligence. AI techniques are necessary to monitor the complexity of these networked systems and to determine when they are operating normally and when they are not. As cyber-attacks become increasingly sophisticated, AI is needed to detect and respond to them. We welcome the commitment to create a new MOD agency for AI, and look forward to further detail in the Integrated Review in 2021. We are now living in a challenging economic and geopolitical environment in which global tech companies hold sway over national strategic advantages. By strengthening our ties with like- minded nations, the UK can increase our capabilities in co-creating technological developments,