must state what has been seized and the reason for its seizure. The notice must be provided within a reasonable time from the making of the request for it. In this paragraph “designated person” has the same meaning as in paragraph 19ZE. Investigations by the [F632Director General]: power of retention 19ZG (1) This paragraph applies to anything which, for the purposes of an investigation in accordance with paragraph 19— has been seized under paragraph 19ZE(2) or taken away following a requirement imposed under paragraph 19ZE(3), or is otherwise lawfully in the possession of the [F632Director General]. 206 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Anything to which this paragraph applies may be retained by the [F632Director General] for as long as is necessary in all the circumstances, including (amongst other things) so that it may be used as evidence in criminal or disciplinary proceedings or in an inquest held under Part 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2), the retention of anything to which this paragraph applies is not necessary if having a photograph or copy of the thing would suffice (and the [F632Director General] may arrange for the thing to be photographed or copied before it ceases to be retained). Further provision about things retained under paragraph 19ZG 19ZH (1) This paragraph applies to anything which— has been seized (whether under paragraph 19ZE(2) or otherwise), and is being retained by the [F632Director General] under paragraph 19ZG. If a request for permission to be granted access to a thing to which this paragraph applies is made to the [F632Director General] by— a person who had custody or control of the thing immediately before it was seized, or someone acting on behalf of such a person, the [F632Director General] must allow the person who made the request access to it under the supervision of a member of the [F775Office's] staff. Sub-paragraph (4) applies if a request for a photograph or copy of a thing to which this paragraph applies is made to the [F632Director General] by— a person who had custody or control of the thing immediately before it was seized, or someone acting on behalf of such a person. The [F632Director General] must either— allow the person who made the request access to the thing under the supervision of a member of the [F776Office's] staff for the purpose of photographing or copying it, or arrange for the thing to be photographed or copied. If the [F632Director General] acts under