securing compliance with the order. A constable or an authorised person seeking to enter any premises in exercise of his powers under subsection (1) shall, if required by or on behalf of the owner or occupier or person in charge of the premises, produce evidence of his identity, and of his authority, before entering the premises. Any person who intentionally obstructs a constable or an authorised person in the exercise of his powers under this section shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction— where the offence was committed in respect of a constable, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale or to both; where the offence was committed in respect of an authorised person, to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale. A person who, without reasonable excuse, permits premises to be open in contravention of a closure order shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to [F71a fine] or to both. A person who, without reasonable excuse, otherwise fails to comply with, or does an act in contravention of, a closure order shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale or to both. In this section “an authorised person” means a person authorised for the purposes of this section by a local authority in respect of premises situated in the area of the authority. 22 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Offences by body corporate Where an offence under section 25 committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, he as well as the body corporate commits the offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly. Where the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members, subsection (1) applies in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of management as if he were a director of the body corporate. Service of notices Any document required or authorised by virtue of sections 19 to 26