in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes not make a direction under either of those provisions in respect of the proceeds of realisation of that property; and vice versa. In this section— “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 190A, and “appropriate chief clerk” has the same meaning as in section 202(7).” Accordingly, at the end of the cross-heading immediately above that section insert “ and personal property ”. In section 203(3)(b) (payment of sums received by chief clerk under section 202 or otherwise: insolvency practitioners' expenses) after “section 202(2)(a)” insert “ or 215D(2)(a) ”. In section 203(4) (payment of sums received by chief clerk under section 202)— after “section 202” insert “ or 215D ”, in paragraph (b) for “the receiver” substitute “ any receiver ”, and after paragraph (b) insert— “(c) third, in payment to an appropriate officer of any amount to which the officer is entitled by virtue of section 215B.” Payment of compensation The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) is amended as follows. In section 72 (serious default in England and Wales) in subsection (9)— after paragraph (b) insert— “(ba) if the person in default was a member of staff of SOCA, the compensation is payable by SOCA;”, and after paragraph (e) insert— “(f) if the person in default was an accredited financial investigator and none of paragraphs (a) to (e) apply, the compensation is payable in accordance with paragraph (a), or (e) of section 302(7A) (as the case may require).” In section 139 (serious default in Scotland) after paragraph (c) of subsection (9) insert— “(ca) if the person in default was a member of staff of SOCA, the compensation is payable by SOCA;”. Subsection (9) of section 220 (serious default in Northern Ireland) is amended as follows. In paragraph (b), for “a member of the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland” substitute “ a member of the Public Prosecution Service for Northern Ireland ”. After paragraph (b) insert— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 85 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “(ba) if the person in default was a member of staff of SOCA, the compensation is payable by SOCA;”. After paragraph (e) insert— “(f) if the person in default was an accredited financial investigator and none of paragraphs (a) to (e) apply, the compensation is