a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6D) Part 2 of Schedule 3B makes provision about the application of legislation in relation to powers or duties of a constable that may be exercised or performed by a person designated under this section. (6E) Any power or duty of a constable that is conferred or imposed on a person designated under this section by a chief officer of police of a police force may (subject to provision included in the designation under subsection (6F)) be exercised or performed by the personÑ (a) in the area of that police force, and (b) in any cases or circumstances in which it could be exercised or performed by a constable who is a member of that force. (6F) A designation under this section may provide that any power or duty of a constable that is conferred or imposed by the designation may be exercised or performed by the person designatedÑ (a) in such areas outside the area of the police force in question as are specified in the designation (as well as within the area of the police force); (b) only in such parts of the area of that police force as are specified in the designation; (c) only in cases or circumstances so specified.] (7) [F405A relevant employee]F406. . . authorised or required to do anything by virtue of a designation under this sectionÑ (a) shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of that employment; and (b) shall be so authorised or required subject to such restrictions and conditions (if any) as may be specified in his designation. [F407(7A) A police volunteer authorised or required to do anything by virtue of a designation under this section Ñ (a) shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than while acting as a police volunteer; (b) shall be so authorised or required subject to such restrictions and conditions (if any) as may be specified in the designation.] (8) Where any power exercisable by any person in reliance on his designation under this section is a power which, in the case of its exercise by a constable, includes or is supplemented by a power to use reasonable force, any person exercising that power in reliance on that designation shall have the same entitlement as a constable to use reasonable force. (9) Where any power exercisable by any person in reliance on his designation under this section includes power to use force to enter any premises, that power shall not be exercisable by that person exceptÑ (a) in the company, and under the supervision, of a constable; or (b) for the purpose of saving life or limb or preventing serious damage to property. [F408(9A) The chief officer of police of a police force must ensure