record and tick the ÔNon-standardÕ box o In this case ALWAYS email the DQT to advise them so the Gazetteer can be updated Verifying existing business addresses: This can include historic or current businesses. • Before verifying make a note of the exact business name on the existing record • If the address on the Gazetteer doesnÕt include the business name or the business name is incorrect then verify as the appropriate premises name (including exact unit/building name or number) and then manually add or change the business name to what it was originally and tick the ÔNon-standardÕ box o Always email the DQT to advise them so they can check the address and arrange for the Gazetteer to be updated as appropriate Table of Contents 3.1.6 Incorrect / Incomplete addresses These records are commonly created because the address or postcode has been misheard • Confirm the address with the RP/requesting officer • Check the address using Fast Address Client/ Hopewiser/ verification Gazetteer or the Post Office address finder website (section 11) • Google isnÕt always correct so donÕt always trust the first result you find o ItÕs often best to visit the company website where available • Missing beat codes Ð for any address that does not verify via the Gazetteer (ÔNon- standard) all four beat codes will need to be manually added o Always use F3 in one of the beat code fields to search for and auto-populate 3.1.7 Linking/updating existing person records • Having a matching DOB isnÕt enough to confirm a record is the correct person. Always confirm a personÕs identity or ensure there is other corroborating evidence linked or referenced on Niche (such as the same associate/family member/address/telephone number/place of work). If you are unsure always create a new record and email the DQT o We would rather merge a duplicate record than correct an incorrectly linked one • Quite often there can be more than one person at an address with the same forename/surname (father and son for example). Do not link a person based solely on their address. Always confirm their identity or ensure there is other corroborating evidence linked or referenced on Niche. If unsure always create a new record and email the DQT o In this situation having the same phone number isnÕt sufficient as people often share phones. It must be a more unique identifier (family relationship, approx. age etc) • If a personÕs DOB is missing or inaccurate always ensure they are not linked to more than one occurrence before updating or adding it. Changing a personÕs information can impact existing investigations. If they are linked to multiple occurrences be 100% sure the information is correct and that they are the correct person before updating any part of a record o Missing DOB can be added to their filename o When adding the correct DOB to a person linked to multiple occurrences this must initially be added as a new ÔAliasÕ and then changed to the ÔFilenameÕ, amending the