e.g. ÔcutÕ) then the duty applies. If, in the course of delivering safe and appropriate care to a girl you would usually ask if she has had FGM, you should continue to do so. The duty applies to cases directly disclosed by the victim; if a parent, guardian, sibling or other individual discloses that a girl under 18 has had FGM, the duty does not apply and a report to the police is not mandatory. Any such disclosure should, however, be handled in line with wider safeguarding responsibilities - in England, this is likely to include referral to childrenÕs social services, and in Wales the disclosure must be immediately referred to the local authority. Further information, including advice and support on how to talk to girls and parents/guardians about FGM, is available in the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. 5 More information is available in the General Medical CouncilÕs guidance on intimate examinations and the child protection examinations section of their guidance on protecting children and young people 2.2 Timeframe for reports Reports under the duty should be made as soon as possible after a case is discovered, and best practice is for reports to be made by the close of the next working day, unless any of the factors described below are present. You should act with at least the same urgency as is required by your local safeguarding processes. In order to allow for exceptional cases, a maximum timeframe of one month from when the discovery is made6 applies for making reports. However, the expectation is that reports will be made much sooner than this. A longer timeframe than the next working day may be appropriate in exceptional cases where, for example, a professional has concerns that a report to the police is likely to result in an immediate safeguarding risk to the child (or another child, e.g. a sibling) and considers that consultation with colleagues or other agencies is necessary prior to the report being made. If you think you are dealing with such a case, you are strongly advised to consult colleagues, including your designated safeguarding lead, as soon as practicable, and to keep a record of any decisions made. It is important to remember that the safety of the girl is the priority. 2.3 Making a report Where you become aware of a case, the legislation requires you to make a report to the police force area within which the girl resides. The legislation allows for reports to be made orally or in writing. When you make a report to the police, the legislation requires you to identify the girl and explain why the report is being made. While the requirement to notify the police of this information is mandatory and overrides any restriction on disclosure which might otherwise apply, in handling and sharing information in all other contexts you should continue to have regard to relevant legislation and guidance, including the Data Protection Act 1998 and any guidance for your profession. The provisions of