offenders in respect of whom it may be appropriate for applications for serious violence reduction orders to be made, and (c) guidance about providing assistance to prosecutors in connection with applications for serious violence reduction orders. (3) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (4) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued under this section to be published. (5) A constable, chief officer of police or the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force must have regard to any guidance issued under this section. 342K Guidance: Parliamentary procedure (1) Before issuing guidance under section 342J, the Secretary of State must lay a draft of the guidance before Parliament. (2) If, within the 40-day period, either House of Parliament resolves not to approve the draft guidance, the guidance may not be issued. (3) If no such resolution is made within that period, the Secretary of State may issue the guidance. (4) In this section Òthe 40-day periodÓ, in relation to draft guidance, means the period of 40 days beginning with the day on which the draft is laid before Parliament (or, if it is not laid before each House on the same day, the later of the days on which it is laid). (5) In calculating the 40-day period, no account is to be taken of any period during whichÑ (a) Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or (b) both Houses are adjourned for more than 4 days. 342L Serious violence reduction orders: interpretation In this ChapterÑ Òbladed articleÓ means an article to which section 139 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 applies; Òcustodial sentenceÓ includes a pre-Code custodial sentence (see section 222(4)); ÒharmÓ includes physical and psychological harm; Òoffensive weaponÓ has the same meaning as in section 1(4) of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953; Òpublic placeÓ meansÑ (a) any place to which the public or any section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission, or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 189 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) any other place to which people have ready access but which is not a dwelling; Òthe offenderÓ, in relation to a serious violence reduction order, means the offender in respect of whom the order or the application for the order has been made.Ó (2) In section 80(3) of the Sentencing Code (list of circumstances where an order for conditional discharge