use of the CommissionerÕs certification mark on their website and other communications to indicate their compliance with the Code. This will go a long way to reassure members of the public and other organisations that your organisation is complying with the Code and its high standards when using surveillance camera systems and the information gathered from them in the appropriate manner. In addition, a list of organisations achieving certification will be published on the CommissionerÕs website and may be referred to in the CommissionerÕs reports. What steps do I need to take? 1. Decide on what type of certification you want (see details below): Step 1: Desk top certification Step 2: Full certification Whatever step you decide to apply for, you will need to complete and submit the Self-Assessment Tool to one of the certification bodies as well as having the documents listed below available should they be requested. The information you provide will enable the certification bodies to assess your readiness for certification. Documents required: • Completed Self-Assessment Tool • Organisations code of practice • Information sharing agreements • Details on number of cameras the scheme has • Procedures Manual • Privacy Impact Assessments (if available) • Operational Requirement (If available) 2. Contact any of the certification bodies that offer the Surveillance Camera Commissioner certification. The certification bodies will inform the Commissioner of your application for certification. a. IQ Verify b. National Security Inspectorate c. Security Systems and Alarms Inspection Board Step 1: Desk top certification The desk top certification is aimed at organisations that are working hard to achieve full compliance with the Code but are aware that they need more time to become fully compliant. However, you must ensure that you are compliant with your obligations under the Data Protection Act 2018 and with the Human Rights Act 1998 and any corresponding human right obligations. This certification is valid for one year and is awarded with the understanding that within the year the organisation will work on putting measures in place to be in a position to apply for the full certification. This process involves completing and submitting the Self-Assessment Tool to one of the certification bodies. You will be required to confirm the availability of related evidence (see above). The completed form and documents will then be audited by the certification body who may contact you for more information before recommending your organisation to the Commissioner for Step 1 certification. If you are recommended for Step 1 certification, you will be issued with a certificate of compliance from the Commissioner and a certification mark which will be valid for a year. You will receive a reminder to apply for full certification at the end of nine months and again at the end of the 12 months. If you do not apply for full certification, you will no longer be able to use the certification mark. However, in exceptional cases (such as waiting for funding approval etc.) you may be able to reapply for the desk top