the reconciliation investigation unit ensure that all reconciliation unit staff are equipped, trained and qualified ensure that there is continuity within the identification process assume responsibility for all aspects of documentation in relation to the identification process ensure the quality control of submissions, including the return of any samples to the victim collate and manage data captured from antemortem and post-mortem procedures in respect of each victim Utilise technological solutions for data collection and analysis ensure compliance with the Human Tissue Act 2004 liaise with the FLC, CB manager and forensic providers manage the health, safety, welfare and wellbeing of all personnel in the reconciliation unit, ensuring that the appropriate risk assessments are documented document all personal decisions and the rationale for them coordinate logistical support and security for the reconciliation unit compose reconciliation files for HM coroner or procurator fiscal act as presenting officer at the identification commission, as appropriate Reconciliation investigation unit The reconciliation investigation unit collates and matches data collected during post-mortem procedures with data collected during antemortem procedures. It processes textual and scientific data to support the identification process. The reconciliation team will prepare a file of evidence for presenting to the identification board or commission. The core functions of the unit include: processing post-mortem and antemortem data and physical exhibits establishing victim identifications by forensic specialists in ridgeology, DNA and forensic odontology validating potential forensic identifications preparing reconciliation files for established identifications, prior to presentation at the identification commission Reconciliation files The reconciliation coordinator is responsible for preparing reconciliation files on behalf of the SIM for presentation at the identification commission. The report should contain a summary capturing: family name of the deceased forenames of the deceased name by which known to family and friends date of birth place of birth nationality missing person nominal number(s) disaster victim number(s) Responsibility for reconciliation standards and training rests with the College of Policing. Police mortuary operations coordinators are trained in the function of coordinating reconciliation investigations (room manager) which includes compilation of the identification report. Senior identification managers are also trained in coordinating reconciliation investigations. For large or more complex incidents, consideration should be given at an early stage to the appointment of a qualified SIM to undertake the role of reconciliation coordinator. Principles of equality, diversity and inclusivity should be applied, considered and reflected in both approach and terminology. In written reports, inclusive language should be used to ensure respect for individualsÕ identities, avoiding terms or descriptions that could be exclusionary or offensive. Reconciliation reports should always reflect INTERPOL identification standards using the internationally approved documentation. However, when issues relating specifically to United Kingdom legislation (for example, the Equality Act 2010) guidance and procedures, when protected characteristics relating to gender identity, sex or sexual orientation are being discussed, investigators should be aware of biases and assumptions. Principles of equality, diversity and inclusion should be considered and reflected in their approach and terminology. Language and communication styles can be perceived as offensive and discriminatory, and can cause