Act, the ammunition for that firearm should be kept at the designated site. However, where the certificate holder does not possess any section 7(1) handguns in that chambering, section 1 ammunition may be held at home. The certificate should be so conditioned. 9.42 If the ammunition is not easily available, then arrangements can be made for the certificate holder to Òhand loadÓ at the site. The basic machinery (usually a single stage press) for this will be provided at the site but the appropriate dies, powders, primers, bullets and cartridge cases should be supplied by the certificate holder. Where ammunition is available, then arrangements should be made for it to be transferred to the site by the supplier for the use of the certificate holder. Home loading of ammunition for firearms falling under section 7(3) of the 1997 Act should be possible if the certificate holder does not also hold a firearm falling under section 7(1) of that Act in the same chambering. 75 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 10: Firearm Certificate Procedure 10.1 This chapter provides an overview of the firearm certification procedure. It should be read alongside the Statutory Guidance for Chief Officers of Police. 10.2 Firearms law and licensing is in place to allow the legitimate possession and use of firearms by those judged safe to do so. The overarching consideration in all firearms licensing is public safety. Please see Chapter 11 for the certificate procedure for shot guns. Application 10.3 Unless exempt from the certificate requirement, persons who wish to possess, purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies should complete the prescribed application form (Form 201). By virtue of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Exemptions) Order 1975, the provisions of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 do not apply to an applicant for a firearm certificate. An applicant is, therefore, not entitled to withhold information about a previous conviction on the grounds that it is for other purposes spent under the 1974 Act. This includes motoring offences, bind overs, cautions and convictions in and outside Great Britain, and (by virtue of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Exceptions) Order 1975) convictions which are spent under the 1974 Act. A conditional discharge and an absolute discharge both count as convictions for this purpose. Details of fixed penalty notices and parking offences do not need to be declared. 10.4 Applicants are required to enter the calibre and type of firearm(s) and ammunition to be purchased or acquired. The information will normally need to be specific and not cover a range of calibres or a generic group such as .22 CF (centrefire). Form 201 does not require the serial number to be given of the firearm(s) that the applicant wishes to purchase or acquire, as this information is not normally available. There is an exception to this: applicants may include, where available, the identification number of a handgun being acquired under section 7(1) or section 7(3) of the 1997