in certain circumstances when their services are interrupted. Similarly, the Meteorological 18 regulation 34(b) 19 regulation 8(a) 20 regulation 8(b) 21 regulation 7 PAGE 8 Office, the Food Standards Agency and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, which are not covered by the Act, also provide a warning service for a number of events including, for example, severe weather emergencies. Accordingly, the Regulations require that Category 1 responders in performing their duty to warn, inform and advise: o should have regard to these arrangements; 22 and o need not duplicate them unnecessarily. 23 7.25. It is important that responders consider how the CCA duty to communicate with the public interfaces with the duties contained in other site specific legislation such as the Control of Major Accident Hazard Regulations 1999 (COMAH) (as amended 2005 and 2008) and the Radiation Emergency Preparedness and Public Information Regulations 2001 (REPPIR). Where possible, Category 1 and 2 responders as well as site operators should develop joint arrangements for communicating with the public. Further guidance on ÒThe Fit with Other LegislationÓ can be found in Chapter 19. Have regard to emergency plans 7.26. Warning, informing and advising the public is not a stand-alone duty. The Regulations require that a Category 1 responder in carrying out its duties in 7.1. this respect must have regard to its emergency plans.24 As with any other part of planning for the response to an emergency, the communications strategy - either direct with the public, or via the media - should be fully integrated into the responderÕs emergency plans. Equally, in maintaining its emergency plans, it must have regard to its warning and informing duties. 22 regulation 35(1)(a) 23 regulation 35(1)(b) 24 regulation 28 PAGE 9 Generic and specific arrangements 7.27. In regard to emergency planning, the Regulations distinguish between generic and specific plans. Similarly, in relation to the duty to have arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public, the Regulations recognise that these may be generic or specific.25 Which arrangements are chosen, will depend on the type of emergency being planned for and the particular circumstances in a locality. Training and exercises 7.28. Emergency plans must include arrangements for the provision of training and 7.1. carrying out of exercises.26 Similarly, the Regulations in regard to warning and informing the public also require arrangements to include provision for training and exercises.27 It is recommended that exercises include warning and informing messages that test the public acceptance, acknowledgement and action on the messages. Simple, regular community engagement activities can assist in developing public awareness. How the Act and Regulations apply in Northern Ireland 7.29. Regulations 32 to 34 do not apply to Category 1 organisations in relation to the delivery of their functions in Northern Ireland. In addition, the application to the transferred functions of the Police Service of Northern Ireland would be in accordance with arrangements set out in Chapter 12. 25 regulation 29 26 regulation 25 27 regulation 31 Box 7.1: Further advice and information 7.30. The