the retention, storage, sharing or disclosure of any personal data is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 11I.0 Issuing fixed penalty notices in lieu of prosecution 11I.1 A fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution should only be issued when all of the following apply: a. the enforcement officer has reason to believe that an offence has been committed b. a fixed penalty notice is a proportionate response in the circumstances (see below for circumstances under which a fixed penalty notice should not be issued) c. there is sufficient evidence of the alleged offenderÕs guilt to support prosecution if the fixed penalty is unpaid d. the alleged offender understands why the fixed penalty notice is being issued e. the enforcement officer believes that the name and address given by the recipient are correct 11I.2 A fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution must be issued to the person who is alleged to have committed the offence. Where possible, a fixed penalty notice should be issued on the spot and alleged offenders should be made aware of an offence at the time. If necessary, a fixed penalty notice can also be issued by post. 11I.3 A fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution must state all of the following: a. the alleged offence, for example, ÒlitteringÓ b. details about the offence, for example, what sort of litter was dropped c. where and when the offence took place d. the amount of the penalty to be paid (and if thereÕs a discount for paying early) e. how the penalty can be paid f. when the penalty must be paid by (this must give the recipient at least 14 days from the date of issue) in order to discharge the alleged offenderÕs liability to be prosecuted a. 11I.4 A fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution should state how the penalty notice has been issued (in person or by post). 11I.5 A fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution should not conflate the amount of the fixed penalty (which for littering may be up to £500) with the potential fine that could be imposed by a court on conviction for the offence (which for littering could be up to £2,500). 11I.6 If the enforcing authority operates a process for alleged offenders to dispute their liability for the offence to which the fixed penalty relates, the fixed penalty notice should also include instructions on how to use that process, including: a. how, when, and where to send any relevant information b. what happens if the dispute is successful (i.e. no further action will be taken and the fixed penalty notice will be cancelled) c. what happens if the dispute is rejected and the offender doesnÕt pay (the offender should be prosecuted, unless the enforcing authority has other compelling reasons to cancel the fixed penalty notice) d. how to complain When not to issue a fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution 11I.7 Fixed penalty notices should not be issued if any of