the following locations: the left bust tip, right bust tip, top and bottom (in this shot order). Prior to testing, shot locations shall be marked on the formed armour surface (Figure 16) in accordance with the following procedure: a) Bust tips (most pronounced positions) and the horizontal midpoint between them shall be marked on the Plastiline¨ 40 bust. b) Top and bottom positions shall be marked at positions 40 ± 5 mm in either direction laterally from the midpoint of the horizontal axis and 10 ± 2 mm vertically in either direction from that point. c) Laser sight from proof barrel shall be placed on the position you intend to mark (e.g. the left bust tip). d) Armour positioned on shaped torso backing material. e) Laser sight position marked on the surface of the armour. f) Procedure repeated for all shot positions. Figure 16: Standard shot pattern locations marked on formed armour CAST reserves the right to identify and assess potential perceived areas of weakness in formed armour design, which may be specified to the test facility on approval of the technical file. All shots shall be performed at an angle such that the line of flight of the bullet is perpendicular to the flat rear face of the wooden bust holders. In a test series, all shots shall be performed before any assessment is undertaken. If there is significant movement of the armour on the shaped backing material between shots, the armour may be re-positioned and re-fastened. Shot rules detailed in Table 7 are not applicable for formed armour testing as testing is permitted less than 50 mm from the edge of the panel. Velocity requirements specified in Table 8 must be adhered to. If shots are conducted more than 10 mm from the marked shot centre, these shall be considered unfair shots and additional panels shall be tested. 6.6.3.3. Assessments All assessments shall be carried out in accordance with the performance assessment criteria outlined in Section 6.1.1. After all shots have been performed, perforation for each test shot shall be assessed from the body side of the armour. The BFS is not assessed in formed armour testing. 6.6.3.4. Backing material repair and re-conditioning Cavities in the Plastiline¨ 40 caused by ballistic impact shall be cleared of debris before re- moulding. The backing material shall be re-melted and re-formed following a test series, in accordance with the procedure outlined in Section 6.6.1. Plastiline¨ 40 may be melted and re- formed a maximum of ten times. 6.6.4. Records The following information shall be recorded after each shot has been conducted and included in the test report: • Held or perforated. • Shot velocity measured at 2 ± 0.1 m from front face of panel at the point of aim, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • If held, BFS profile: * hemispherical; * pencilling Ð if this occurs, measurements and photographs shall be taken and presented with the test report to CAST. • Details of any fragmentation/spall (if applicable).