degrees of residual risk which may only have limited potential for reward. Wiltshire Police intends to review this posture and, if possible, move to an Open posture (understanding that this risk approach introduces a level of inherent reputational risk and requires controlled, accountable and externally audited risk management processes to reduce the associated level of residual risk). Business Impact Assessment Overview Public Order, Public Safety & Law Enforcement Official: Consequence of Compromise Impact on Life & Safety Ð Risk to an individuals personal safety or liberty. Impact on the Provision of Policing Services Ð A disruption to policing services and operations requiring a reprioritisation at force level in order to meet expected levels of service. Impact on Crime Fighting Ð Hinder the detection, impede the investigation or facilitate the commission of low level crime (that is crime not defined in legislation as serious crime) or hinder the detection of serious crime. Judicial Proceedings Ð Cause a low level criminal prosecution to collapse, cause a conviction for a low level criminal offence to be declared unsafe or referred for appeal. Official-Sensitive: Consequence of Compromise Impact on Life & Safety Ð Risk to a group of individuals safety or liberty. Impact on the Provision of Policing Services Ð A disruption to policing services and operations requiring reprioritisation at a national level (Cross Border Mutual Aid for example) to meet expected levels of service. Impact on Crime Fighting Ð Impede the investigation of or facilitate the commission of serious crime as defined in legislation. Judicial Proceedings Ð Cause a serious crime prosecution to collapse, cause a conviction for a serious criminal offence to be declared unsafe or referred for appeal. Table of contents Secret: Consequence of Compromise Impact on Life & Safety Ð Threaten life directly leading to limited loss of life. Impact on the Provision of Policing Services Ð A disruption to policing services and operations requiring emergency powers (MACP for example) to be invoked to meet expected levels of service Impact on Crime Fighting Ð Cause major, long term impairment to the ability to investigate serious crime as defined in legislation. Judicial Proceedings Ð Cause a number of criminal convictions to be declared unsafe or referred for appeal (persistent and undetected compromise of the evidence handling chain for example). 3. Landscape Table of contents 4. Key Areas of Information Risk Risk Category Example of Risk Governance & Culture Lack of comprehensive oversight and control (anything can go wrong) When something goes wrong, handling it badly and not learning (so it happens again) Third party mistakes (reputation suffers) New business processes donÕt take information and privacy risk into account (with potentially serious consequences) Information Management & Integrity Critical information is wrongly disposed of / destroyed, not kept or canÕt be found when needed (leading to reputational damage or financial penalties) Lack of basic records management disciplines (which can have wide ranging consequences) Inaccurate information (causing the wrong decision to be made or the wrong action to be taken) Critical electronic information becomes