(c. 30) 17 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F6410A General functions of the Office (1) The functions of the Office areÑ (a) to secure that the Office has in place appropriate arrangements for good governance and financial management, (b) to determine and promote the strategic aims and values of the Office, (c) to provide support and advice to the Director General in the carrying out of the Director General's functions, and (d) to monitor and review the carrying out of such functions. (2) The Office also has such other functions as are conferred on it by any other enactment (whenever passed or made). (3) The Office is to perform its functions for the general purpose of improving the way in which the Director General's functions are carried out (including by encouraging the efficient and effective use of resources in the carrying out of those functions). (4) In carrying out its functions the Office must in particular have regard to public confidence in the existence of suitable arrangements with respect to the matters mentioned in section 10(2) and with the operation of the arrangements that are in fact maintained with respect to those matters. (5) The Office may do anything which appears to it to be calculated to facilitate, or is incidental or conducive to, the carrying out of its functions. 10B Efficiency etc in exercise of functions The Director General and the Office must carry out their functions efficiently and effectively. 10C Strategy for exercise of functions (1) The Director General and the Office must jointlyÑ (a) prepare a strategy for the carrying out of their functions, and (b) review the strategy (and revise it as appropriate) at least once every 12 months. (2) The strategy must set out how the Director General and the Office propose to carry out their functions in the relevant period. (3) The strategy must also include a plan for the use during the relevant period of resources for the carrying out of functions of the Director General and the Office. (1) 18 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding