set out in regulations made under section 48, and a reference to such proceedings being brought is a reference to the person being notified that the person is the subject of such proceedings, Ògross misconductÓ has the meaning given by section 52(5).Ó. (3) In section 125 (subordinate legislation), after subsection (2A) (inserted by section 2(5)), insertÑ Ò(2B) Regulations under section 59A(6) and (7) are subject to the affirmative procedure.Ó. 10 Procedures for misconduct: senior officers (1) The 2012 Act is amended as follows. (2) For subsection (3) of section 52 (disciplinary procedures: conduct and performance), substituteÑ Ò(3) Such regulations must provide forÑ Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 13 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (a) the Authority to determine any case which relates to the standard of performance of a senior officer, (b) a panel independent of the Authority to determine any case which relates to the standard of behaviour of a senior officer or a person who has ceased to be a senior officer.Ó. (3) In section 56 (right to appeal to police appeals tribunal)Ñ (a) after subsection (1), insertÑ Ò(1A) A senior officer may appeal to a police appeals tribunal against any decision to take any other action against the senior officer, in pursuance of regulations made under section 48 which provide for procedures for dealing with a constable whose standard of behaviour is unsatisfactory.Ó, (b) after subsection (2), insertÑ Ò(2A) In this section, a reference to a constable or senior officer includes a person who was a constable or a senior officer, as the case may be.Ó. (4) In subsection (2) of section 58 (determinations by tribunal), for Òdismissal or demotion in rank ofÓ substitute Òaction againstÓ. 11 Review of policies, practices and guidance relating to misconduct (1) The chief constable mustÑ (a) carry out a review of the Police ServiceÕs policies, practices and guidance relating to misconduct by constables, and (b) make such changes to the policies, practices and guidance as the chief constable considers appropriate in light of the Code of Ethics for Policing in Scotland. (2) The chief constable must make any changes required by subsection (1) as soon as is reasonably practicable after the end of the review period. (3) In this section, Òthe review periodÓ means the period of one year beginning with the day on which this section comes into force. Functions of the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner 12 Investigations into matters involving persons serving with the police In section 33A of the 2006 Act (general functions of the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner)Ñ (a) in paragraph (b)(i), for the words Òserving with the police may have committed an offenceÓ substitute Òwho is, or has been, a person serving with the police may have committed an offence (regardless of when those circumstances occurred)Ó, (b) in paragraph (b)(ii),