Government will publish a response in due course. Supporting positive mental and physical health 115. We know that around 24% of working age disabled people live in social housing30. It is therefore vital that these people get the support they need. In 2020/21 we have provided a total of £505 million for the Disabled Facilities Grant (DFG)31. This capital grant, administered by local authorities in England, can contribute to the cost of adapting an eligible disabled personÕs home. Eligible applicants can include older people, mentally or physically disabled people, as well as those with autism and learning difficulties. The DFG supports the installation of adaptations such as stair-lifts, level access showers and ramps; all things which can help enable people to live safely and independently at home. People of all ages can apply to their local authority for a DFG. In 2016/17 over 33% of recipients of the funding were housing association tenants, which equates to over 15,000 homes being improved. Local authorities are under a statutory duty32 to provide home adaptations to those who qualify for the grant, which the individual local authority funds. 116. Approximately one in four people report living with a mental health issue.33 This is why, in addition to boosting green spaces, we are committed to expanding provision on mental health. This Government is committed to expanding access to mental health services through the NHS Long Term Plan. Investment of at least a further £2.3 billion a year by 2023/24 will ensure that the NHS provides high quality, evidence-based mental health services to an additional 2 million people. Alongside this expansion, we also want to make sure that wider public services support people to stay mentally well, recover from mental ill-health and live well with mental illness. Secure, safe and decent housing can support positive mental health. 1. 30 https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/healthandsocialcare/disability/bulletins/disabilityandhousinguk/2019 31 https://www.housinglin.org.uk/_assets/Resources/Housing/Policy_documents/505-million-for-Disabled-Facilities-Grants-in-2020-21.pdf 32 https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1996/53/contents 33 NHS Digital (2015) Health Survey for England 2014. The 2014 Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Survey further shows that 1 in 6 adults had a common mental disorder. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 57 ÒWe recognise that domestic pets also bring joy, happiness and comfort to peopleÕs lives, helping their owners through difficult times and improving their mental and physical wellbeing.Ó 58 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 117. We recognise that domestic pets also bring joy, happiness and comfort to peopleÕs lives, helping their owners through difficult times and improving their mental and physical wellbeing. We know many social landlords normally give permission for tenants to keep pets depending on the location, provided they are well looked after and do not adversely affect the lives of neighbours and those living nearby. We encourage all social landlords to adopt similar policies. 118. We have heard how, in social housing, peopleÕs experience, including stigma, can be shaped by their interactions with frontline staff. Going forward, we want to ensure that frontline social housing staff have the right knowledge and skills to work