use of the range in general. Security of club firearms 17.23 The clubÕs co-operation should be sought to ensure that the firearms and ammunition owned by the club are stored securely. The signatory of the club certificate (usually the club secretary) is ultimately responsible for the safekeeping of club firearms and ammunition, but they need not necessarily be present each time these are issued to or used by club members. It is also acceptable for members other than the firearm certificate holder, if the activity is clearly in connection with target shooting, to transport firearms to another club or authorised range for a competition or to a dealer for repair. It is advisable when transporting firearms as a member of a club to have some form of written authorisation from a club official (see also Chapter 21). Criteria for schools 17.24 The approval criteria for school target shooting clubs differ significantly from the criteria found via the link in paragraph 17.6, and are as follows: i. target shooting with full or small-bore rifles should be an authorised school activity; ii. all aspects of shooting at the school must be under the control of one experienced person who is nominated by and responsible to the Head Teacher. This person must have personal experience of shooting with the firearms used by the club and at least one yearÕs experience of exercising control for the age group of pupils concerned; iii. the school must have regular use of ranges which are suitable for the categories of firearm to be used; iv. the security arrangements for storing the school firearms and ammunition must be satisfactory; v. all shooting activities, including the handling of firearms and ammunition, must be supervised at all times either by the responsible adult at the school, or by at least one other equally experienced person nominated by the Head Teacher, or by someone who is a coach with a qualification recognised by the NRA or NSRA; vi. shooting is normally available only to pupils and staff of the school, visiting teams from schools which have also been approved by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers under section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988, full members of rifle clubs approved under that section, members of Cadet Corps or individuals who hold a personal firearm certificate and shoot in accordance with the terms of that certificate; 151 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law vii. the school does not allow shooting by guests on more than twelve days each year. On such occasions, only parents, guardians and other relatives of pupils of the school or other adults known to the person responsible for shooting, may handle firearms and ammunition. Guest members must be under constant one-to-one supervision when handling firearms and ammunition either by the responsible adult at the school, or another equally experienced person nominated by the Head Teacher, or someone who is a coach, or Range Conducting Officer with a qualification recognised by the NRA or NSRA. The Head