domestic abuse services (including services serving men and boys) Local housing and homelessness teams, registered social landlords Early years, childcare, schools, colleges, and higher education settings Adult social care and children’s social care providers NHS England and NHS Improvement (from 2022, NHS England) Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Clinical Commissioning Groups (from July 2022, Integrated Care Boards) Integrated Care Partnerships (from July 2022) NHS Trusts, NHS Foundation Trusts Employers HM Prison and Probation Services HM Courts and Tribunals Service Youth Offending services Jobcentre Plus Financial services (banks, building societies etc.) Community and faith groups (including faith leaders) The guidance applies to England. It applies to Wales insofar as it relates to matters in Wales that are reserved to the UK Government – this is primarily policing, and criminal, civil and family justice. In Wales, it is aimed at persons exercising public functions relating to these matters and devolved Welsh authorities must have regard to this guidance in respect to these matters. All organisations in Wales should refer to the relevant Welsh legislation and associated guidance in respect to devolved matters, such as the Violence Against Women, Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence (Wales) Act 2015 (‘the 2015 Act’) and its associated guidance. We expect those carrying out devolved and non-devolved functions to continue to work together to implement the purposes of both the 2015 Act and the 2021 Act where relevant and appropriate. Box 1.1: Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Structure The guidance is broken down into seven chapters: Objectives; Understanding Domestic Abuse; Recognising Domestic Abuse; Impact of Domestic Abuse; Different experiences, needs and related considerations; Agency Response to Domestic Abuse; and Multi- Agency Response to Domestic Abuse. Each chapter includes a chapter summary, setting out its purpose and content. Case studies help illustrate some of the subject matter described. The case studies that concern the experiences of victims have been anonymised to help protect their identities. They present examples and are not intended to be exhaustive or representative of the experiences of abuse that can be encountered by any group of individuals, or of any form of abuse that they relate to. Annexes are included at the end of the guidance. These signpost the range of support available for victims (Annex A), define acronyms used within the document (Annex B), highlight further guidance available to support frontline professionals (Annex C), and summarise different protective orders which can be issued (Annex D). Related material The Government has published a refreshed Tackling Violence Against Women and Girls (VAWG) Strategy and a complementary Tackling Domestic Abuse Plan, through these aiming to transform the whole of society’s response to the issue of violence against women and girls (VAWG)2, and help prevent and reduce VAWG crimes including domestic abuse. The Welsh Government has published a refreshed National Strategy to tackle Violence Against Women, Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence (VAWDASV) in line with the statutory duty created under the 2015 Act which also seeks to tackle cause and