children experiencing domestic abuse should follow existing safeguarding, risk assessment and referrals processes and procedures. Multi-agency working to safeguard children is underpinned by the system of multi- agency safeguarding arrangements, provided for by the Children Act 2004, as amended by the Children and Social Work Act 2017. These arrangements place a statutory duty on police, health, and local authority leaders to work together on local safeguarding arrangements. They are jointly responsible for coordinating safeguarding services to keep children safe and are accountable for how well local agencies work together to protect children from abuse and neglect. The three safeguarding partners (the local authority, health and police) should agree on ways to coordinate their safeguarding services; act as a strategic leadership group in supporting and engaging others; and implement local and national learning including from serious child safeguarding incidents. The statutory guidance document, Working Together to Safeguard Children (2018), sets out what professionals and organisations need to do, individually and in partnership with other agencies, to safeguard and promote the welfare of children and young people. This remains core guidance on supporting children who are victims of domestic abuse. Working Together also highlights that everyone who works with children has a responsibility for keeping them safe and that multi-agency working and information sharing is essential to ensure that children and families receive the right help at the right time. The importance of early help in promoting the welfare of children is emphasised. The Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 applies in Wales as well as the accompanying Working Together to Safeguard People guidance and the Wales Safeguarding Procedures for children and adults at risk of abuse and neglect. The Working Together to Safeguard Children guidance also sets out key roles for individual organisations and agencies to deliver effective arrangements for Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance safeguarding and places an equal and shared duty on the three safeguarding partners (the local authority, health and police) to make arrangements to work together to safeguard and promote the welfare of all children in a local area. In relation to children in need (section 17 of the Children Act 1989) and child protection enquiries (section 47 of the 1989 Act), the guidance sets out the specific roles and responsibilities of the local authority and its social workers in leading statutory assessments. Working Together makes clear that in all welfare and safeguarding enquiries, a child-centred approach should be adopted by practitioners to ensure that the best interests of the child are considered at all times. See the section on ‘Impact of Domestic Abuse on Children’ and ‘Responding to children and young people’ for further information. Principles for multi-agency working Seeing and responding to the whole picture It is essential that services work together to identify and respond coherently and take into account the whole picture of a domestic abuse context. This principle should frame the multi-agency response to victims, including children. Agencies should: Develop a collaborative approach built around coordinating the skills, experience and