a relevant electronic facility, or (b) it is given to the relevant licensing authority (otherwise than by means of a relevant electronic facility) and to each relevant person. (3) A temporary event notice is given in accordance with this subsection ifÑ (a) it is given to the relevant licensing authority by means of a relevant electronic facility no later than five working days, but no earlier than nine working days, before the day the event period begins, or (b) both of the following are satisfiedÑ (i) it is given to the relevant licensing authority (otherwise than by means of a relevant electronic facility) and to each relevant person no later than five working days before the day on which the event period begins; (ii) it is given to at least one of those persons no earlier than nine working days before the day on which that event period begins. (4) Where a temporary event notice (the Òoriginal noticeÓ) is given by the premises user to the relevant licensing authority by means of a relevant electronic facility as referred to in subsection (2)(a) or (3)(a)Ñ (1) 106 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) the licensing authority must give a copy of the original notice to each relevant person no later than the end of the first working day after the day on which the original notice was given to the authority, and (b) for the purposes of this Act, the copy is to be treated as if it were the original notice. (5) In this section Òevent periodÓ in relation to a temporary event notice means the event period specified in the notice.Ó. (5) In section 102 (acknowledgement of notice), for subsection (3) substituteÑ Ò(3) Subsection (1) does not apply where, before the time by which acknowledgement of the receipt of the notice must be given in accordance with that subsection, a counter notice has been given to the premises user underÑ (a) where the counter notice is in respect of a late temporary event notice, section 104A, or (b) where the counter notice is in respect of a standard temporary event notice or a late temporary event notice, section 107.Ó. (6) In section 104 (objection to notice)Ñ (a) omit subsections (1) and (1A), and (b) in subsection (3), for Òa copy of the temporary event notice under subsection (1) or (1A)Ó substitute Ò the temporary event notice Ó. (7) After section 104 insertÑ Ò104A Counter notice following objection to late notice (1) Where an objection notice is given under section 104(2) in respect of a late temporary event notice, the relevant licensing authority must give the premises user a counter notice under this section.