- or indeed benefit from - business continuity advice. A large number of voluntary organisations, for example, do not employ staff or maintain premises. Given the large number of voluntary bodies (c. 600,000) - and the difficulty of reaching out to some of them - it is unrealistic to expect local authorities to proactively provide (even generic) advice and assistance to them all. 8.29. The underlying principles of BCM are common to all organisations. In many instances - particularly where messages are made publicly available via websites - the costs to the local authority of extending their advice to all voluntary organisations will be minimal. 8.30. However, when deciding how to prioritise when taking forward a proactive programme of advice and assistance, local authorities may need to take decisions about which voluntary organisations to approach, and where to target resources. 8.31. The Regulations therefore permit a local authority itself to determine its 8.1. target audience within the voluntary sector.10 The Regulations provide that, in so doing, local authorities should have regard to a range of factors,11 including: o Role in relation to emergencies: A large number of voluntary organisations play a direct role in preventing or responding to emergencies. In order to help others, they will need to be able to keep themselves operating in the event of an emergency. 10 regulation 40(2), s.4 11 regulation 40(5) PAGE 11 o Contribution to the effective functioning of the community: In the event of an emergency, some organisations will be critical to the health and welfare of communities. o Economic importance: Staff numbers and turnover will also be an important consideration in determining target audiences. These will give an indication of an organisationÕs importance to the local economy, and the likely value of business continuity planning adding value to an organisation. o Geography: It would not generally be appropriate for a local authority to give BCM advice to a voluntary organisation which does not carry out activities in the area for which the local authority is responsible. Charging 8.32. 8.33. 12 regulation 44 The Regulations permit local authorities to make a charge for business continuity advice and assistance provided on request, where this is appropriate, but do not oblige them to do so.12 It is unlikely that local authorities will be able to charge for promotional materials or awareness-raising materials supplied, which in many cases will not have been requested. However, local authorities may wish to make a charge for a number of activities including: o attendance at local authority organised events; o membership of business continuity forums; o provision of specific information (e.g. aspects of risk assessments); o provision of advice on an ad hoc basis (e.g. development or review of firmsÕ own plans); and o provision of an established BCM service. o 8.34. The Regulations also provide that local authorities may only charge for BCM advice and assistance on a cost-recovery basis.13 Local authorities may charge for the full cost of all the resources used in carrying out activities for