person may have used, that other name; • where the appropriate officer thinks that the customer information includes information in relation to accounts held in the name of any company or limited liability partnership, which the specified person has or in which it appears to the appropriate officer that the specified person has or had an interest, the name and all known addresses of that company or limited liability partnership; • all addresses known by the appropriate officer to have been used by the specified person possibly relating to accounts that may have been or are held by the financial institution; • the date of birth or approximate age of that person if an individual, or any known identification information in respect of a company or limited liability partnership; • such other information as the appropriate officer considers would assist the respondent in complying with the requirement; and • the financial institutionÕs right not to have information furnished used in evidence against it in criminal proceedings other than in the circumstances specified in section 367(2). Particular record of proceedings under a customer information order 130. The appropriate officer should keep a copy of the customer information order and all the notices issued to financial institutions under a customer information order. He or she must also keep a record of all the information supplied in response to the notices. 1. 131. The appropriate officer s hould consider the customer information he or she has obtained and consider whether a production order or account monitoring order would be the next step to obtain further information and material to support the investigation. 1. Account Monitoring Orders in Civil Recovery Investigations 132. Persons to whom this part of the Code applies must familiarise themselves with the introduction section which sets out general instructions relating to all the orders and warrants. Definition 133. An account monitoring order is an order that requires a specified financial institution to provide account information on a specified account for a specified period, up to 90 days in the manner and at, or by, the times specified in the order. Account information is information relating to an account held at a financial institution. This would most commonly be transaction details. See paragraph 123 about what is a financial institution. There is no bar to an appropriate officer making a repeat application for an account monitoring order immediately after an account monitoring order has expired. Persons who can apply for an account monitoring order 134. Under section 370, an application may be made by an appropriate officer. Statutory requirements 135. The application should state that : • a person specified in the application is subject to a civil recovery investigation; • the order is sought for the purposes of that investigation; • the order is sought against the financial institution specified in the application in relation to account information that the appropriate officer wishes to obtain. The application must also state that the order is sought in relation to account information37