Headquarters (CTPHQ) and wider CT policing, however, routinely go beyond this minimum requirement and offer an examination on a daily basis after arrival. Read more about medical attention. Considerations for decision making (urgent interviews) In a TACT context, see paragraph 11.11 and paragraph 6.7(b)(i) of PACE Code H. In a National Security Context, see paragraph 11.12 and paragraph 6.6(a) and (b) of PACE Code I. Read more about considerations for decision making. Independent custody visits Local arrangements should be in place to notify the independent custody visit scheme that a TACT/section 27 National Security Act 2003 detainee is in police custody. Read more about independent custody visits. Visitor searches As a condition of entry, CTPHQ and wider CT policing may require that non-police officers/police staff/contract detention staff are searched on arrival at the secure suite and on any subsequent visits to that area. The extent of the search will depend on the security level at the time and will be determined by the duty inspector in conjunction with the CT senior investigating officer (SIO). It is important to note that any search must be consensual. If someone refuses, arrangements will need to be put in place to find an alternative person. Any impact on the rights of the detainee caused by a delay in these circumstances will need to be managed by the duty inspector and CT SIO. Where relevant (see section 10 of PACE), searches will be subject to legal privilege. A notice detailing the reason and extent of the search will be provided to all visitors prior to being searched. The police will provide secure facilities to ensure the safety of items that visitors are not allowed to take into custody areas (for example mobile phones, laptops, keys). Transfer of detention Transporting the detainee (for example, initial hearing at Westminster Magistrates' Court or transfer to prison) will depend on categorisation and may be the responsibility of the police. The Prisoner Escorting and Custody Services (PECS) contractor can transfer detainee(s) but will not do so if they are categorised as CAT A detainee(s). TACT/ section 27 National Security Act 2023 detainees are given CAT status prior to leaving the custody suite as opposed to normal custody, hence why the decision will lie with police (this will be determined and communicated by regional CT policing units). PECs will only transport CAT B detainees. Read more about transfer of detention. Supervision by an inspector For TACT detainees, see sections 21 to 28 of Schedule 8 of TACT 2000 and section 14 of PACE Code H for equivalent guidance. For section 27 National Security Act detainees, see National Security Act 2023, and Schedule 6, paragraphs 29 to 36 and section 13 of PACE Code I. Following an issue of a warrant for further detention, the duty inspector should conduct a daily welfare check for each detainee at least once in every 24-hour period. This check should consider: as far as is reasonable and appropriate, are welfare requirements being met (note: consider detainee