currently no known outstanding effects for the Fraud Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) (a) they are made available on the basis that payment has been, is being or will be made for or in respect of them, (b) he obtains them without any payment having been made for or in respect of them or without payment having been made in full, and (c) when he obtains them, he knowsÑ (i) that they are being made available on the basis described in paragraph (a), or (ii) that they might be, but intends that payment will not be made, or will not be made in full. (3) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F11the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum (or to both); (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to a fine (or to both). (4) Subsection (3)(a) applies in relation to Northern Ireland as if the reference to 12 months were a reference to 6 months. Supplementary 12 Liability of company officers for offences by company (1) Subsection (2) applies if an offence under this Act is committed by a body corporate. (2) If the offence is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance ofÑ (a) a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or (b) a person who was purporting to act in any such capacity, he (as well as the body corporate) is guilty of the offence and liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly. (3) If the affairs of a body corporate are managed by its members, subsection (2) applies in relation to the acts and defaults of a member in connection with his functions of management as if he were a director of the body corporate. 13 Evidence (1) A person is not to be excused fromÑ (a) answering any question put to him in proceedings relating to property, or (b) complying with any order made in proceedings relating to property, on the ground that doing so may incriminate him or his spouse or civil partner of an offence under this Act or a related offence. Fraud Act 2006 (c. 35) 7 Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Fraud Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) (2) But, in proceedings for an offence under this Act or a related offence, a statement or admission made by the person inÑ (a) answering such a question, or (b) complying with such an order, is not admissible in evidence against him or (unless they married or became civil partners after the making of the statement or admission) his spouse or civil partner. (3) ÒProceedings relating to propertyÓ means any proceedings forÑ (a) the recovery or administration of any property, (b) the execution of a trust,