is already subject to such an order (whether made by that court or another), the earlier order ceases to have effect. Section 122A: interpretation 122B(1) In section 122AÑ ÒchildÓ means a person under 18; ÒharmÓ from the defendant means physical or psychological harm caused by the defendant doing an act of a sexual nature; Òthe publicÓ means the public in the United Kingdom; Òvulnerable adultÓ means a person aged 18 or over whose ability to protect himself or herself from physical or psychological harm is significantly impaired through physical or mental disability or illness, through old age or otherwise. (2) Where the defendant is a child, a reference in that section to a magistrates' court is to be taken as referring to a youth court (subject to any rules of court made under section 122K(1)). (3) In that section Òrelevant police areaÓ meansÑ (a) where the applicant is a chief officer of police, the officer's police area; (b) where the applicant is the Director General of the National Crime AgencyÑ (i) the police area where the person in question resides, or (ii) a police area which the Director General believes the person is in or is intending to come to. Sexual risk orders: prohibitions on foreign travel 122C(1) A prohibition on foreign travel contained in a sexual risk order must not be for a period of more than 5 years. (2) A Òprohibition on foreign travelÓ meansÑ (a) a prohibition on travelling to any country outside the United Kingdom named or described in the order, (b) a prohibition on travelling to any country outside the United Kingdom other than a country named or described in the order, or (a) 200 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) a prohibition on travelling to any country outside the United Kingdom. (3) Subsection (1) does not prevent a prohibition on foreign travel from being extended for a further period (of no more than 5 years each time) under section 122D. (4) A sexual risk order that contains a prohibition within subsection (2)(c) must require the defendant to surrender all of the defendant's passports at a police station specified in the orderÑ (a) on or before the date when the prohibition takes effect, or (b) within a period specified in the order. (5) Any passports surrendered must be returned as soon as reasonably practicable after the person ceases to be subject to a sexual risk order containing such