Home Office that the arrangement is acceptable. If the requesting PMSC has obtained registered firearms dealer status there is no requirement for each guard to hold a firearm certificate in their own right. 30.1 30.13 PMSCs from other countries, or those wishing to use non-UK guards, may apply for section 5 authorisation only if the guards will be protecting UK vessels. The application process is similar to that for UK nationals. However, for a non-UK PMSC details will be required to show that the company is an accredited company and is registered with, or is a member of, the maritime and defence industry associations in the country of origin. Details will also be required for the companyÕs proposed named authority holder, who will be held accountable for any breaches and for the non-UK guards. A form will be provided, to be completed and returned to the Home Office for forwarding on to the UK Central Authority for the Exchange of Criminal Records checks (UKCA-ECR). If these checks cannot be completed, or the evidence is insufficient to make a decision based on ensuring public safety, then the application is likely to be refused. Types of firearms: section 1, section 2 and section 5 30.14 The PMSC must provide details of the number and type of section 5 prohibited firearms they wish to possess on board the UK registered ship, and why this number and type of weapon is necessary. All PMSCs must be authorised to possess section 5 firearms. 30.15 Whether they will be in possession of section 1, section 2 or section 5 firearms, all guards must receive Home Office approval before they can be utilised by the PMSC on a UK registered ship. The requirement for each guard to be approved as part of the Home Office section 5 process not only enables a wide range of firearms to be used by the guard, it also forms an important part of the assurance process. The section 5 authorisation process is designed to encompass the appropriate checks for the possession of the most dangerous weapons and is subject to ministerial oversight. This level of authorisation is deemed necessary for armed guards in view of the circumstances in which the firearms are held, which involves greater risk than for those possessing guns for sport or wildlife management in the UK. PMSCs who wish to register as a firearms dealer (RFD) 30.16 PMSCs may apply to the police to be registered as a firearms dealer, but this will not be approved until the PMSC has received section 5 authorisation from the Home Office. Once a section 5 authorisation has been issued, the police may approve registration as a firearms dealer for the applicant, and may specify that only those guards cleared by the Home Office can possess firearms. PMSCs who have already obtained RFD status and who wish to conduct maritime security operations on board UK registered vessels must proceed to submit their application for a section 5 authority to the Home