criteria used to assess the suitability of the candidate for the appointment; (c) why the candidate satisfies those criteria; and (d) the terms and conditions on which the candidate is to be appointed. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 203 Panel to review and report on proposed appointment 4 (1) This paragraph applies if a police and crime panel is notified under paragraph 3 of a proposed appointment of a chief constable. (2) The panel must review the proposed appointment. (3) The panel must make a report to the commissioner on the proposed appointment. (4) The report must include a recommendation to the police and crime commissioner as to whether or not the candidate should be appointed. (5) Sub-paragraph (4) does not apply if the panel vetoes the proposed appointment under paragraph 5 (but see paragraph 5(2)). (6) The panel must comply with sub-paragraphs (2) to (4) within the period of three weeks beginning with the day on which the panel receives the notification from the commissioner of the proposed appointment. (7) The panel must publish the report to the commissioner made under this paragraph. (8) It is for the panel to determine the manner in which the recommendation is to be published in accordance with sub-paragraph (7). (9) In calculating the period of three weeks for the purpose of sub-paragraph (6), any relevant post-election period is to be ignored. (10) For that purpose, Òrelevant post-election periodÓ means the period thatÑ (a) begins with the day of the poll at an ordinary election of a police and crime commissioner under section 50, and (b) ends with the day on which the person elected as police and crime commissioner delivers a declaration of acceptance of office under section 70. Power to veto proposed appointment 5 (1) The police and crime panel may, having reviewed the proposed appointment, veto the appointment of the candidate. (2) If the panel vetoes the appointment of the candidate, the report made under paragraph 4 must include a statement that the panel has vetoed it. (2) 204 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) References in this Schedule to a police and crime panel vetoing the appointment of a candidate are references to the panel making a decision, by the required majority, that the candidate should not be appointed as chief constable. (4) For that purpose, the panel makes that