Guild or the National Small-bore Rifle Association have no legal force but can be considered proof that somebody was operating a miniature rifle range or shooting gallery. There is however no obligation on the operator of the range or gallery to produce any form of documentation, and the police would only be justified in taking action against such an operator where they are not meeting the terms of section 11(4). Persons in the service of the Crown and police 6.6 Section 54 of the 1968 Act is a general provision relating to all Crown servants and to persons who are members of a police force or civilian officers (police staff employed by, or under the direction and control of, a chief officer of police). The Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 gives the British Transport Police the same general provisions as specified within section 54 of the 1968 Act. 6.7 The effect of the section is that Crown servants, and police officers and staff who possess firearms and ammunition in their official capacity do not require firearm certificates or authority of the Secretary of State to possess prohibited weapons. In addition, Customs Officers do not require written authority to detain, seize or otherwise possess firearms they encounter in carrying out their official duties. This is because statute law does not bind the Crown or its servants unless specifically stated in the Act of Parliament concerned. Thus soldiers would be exempt if they possess a service firearm in, or for the purpose of, the performance of their duty, but not if they possess other firearms for other purposes, for example if they possess a rifle or shot gun for their own private purposes. 6.8 In general, Crown servants who are required to possess firearms and ammunition in the performance of their official duties are supplied with the weapons and ammunition by the departments they serve. Accordingly, the section does not empower Crown servants to purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or shot guns, without a certificate, except as provided in subsection 2(a) of section 54 of the 1968 Act. This provision enables a person in the service of His Majesty who has written authority from a senior officer, to purchase or acquire firearms and ammunition for the public service without holding a certificate and is intended to cover the necessary purchases by government departments such as the contract branches of the Ministry of Defence. 6.9 There may also be cases in which a department may issue an authority under the subsection to enable emergency purchases to be made by its officers for their use in the public service (see Chapter 19 on the grant of free certificates to persons in the armed services to authorise purchase). Forestry Commission employees are Crown servants and those concerned with wildlife management operate under the general provision of section 54 of the 1968 Act. Copies of their policy on who is authorised to hold firearms