the hearing. The court does not have the power to grant a full injunction at a Ôwithout noticeÕ hearing. If the hearing is adjourned, the court has the power to grant an interim injunction. Therefore, if applicants are applying for a Ôwithout noticeÕ injunction and want the court to grant an interim injunction, they should ensure that the application not only presents the case for the application but also explains why an interim injunction is necessary. Applicants should note that an interim injunction can include any provision a full injunction can include except for the requirement to participate in particular activities. The interim injunction can include the power of arrest. If the applicant wishes to apply for the power of arrest to be attached to any of the terms of the injunction, they will need to make this clear in the draft injunction they hand up to the judge, as well as in the application form. The court will then adjourn until a full hearing can be held, before which the respondent must be notified. 9.2. ÔWith noticeÕ hearings In Ôwith noticeÕ cases, applicants are required to notify the respondent of their application, as well as to consult appropriate police forces, local authorities, YOTs (where applicable), and other bodies and individuals. Section 6 contains more detail on the consultation requirement. 27 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing If applying for an injunction Ôwith noticeÕ to the respondent, applicants should be aware that it is possible that the matter will not be resolved at the first hearing date. This could be because the respondent wants to obtain legal representation in order to contest the injunction application or that the hearing needs to be adjourned for witnesses to attend. However, applicants should not assume that the hearing will be adjourned and should be ready to proceed with a full application. When adjourning the hearing, the court has the power to grant an interim injunction if it is just and convenient to do so.13 Applicants should be prepared for the hearing to be adjourned and therefore ready to assist the court as to whether it is just and convenient to grant an interim injunction. A Ôwith noticeÕ interim injunction can include any prohibition or requirement that the court can order under a full injunction and can include a power of arrest.14 Under section 34A of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, the court must in relation to a child under 16 (or may otherwise in any other case) require the attendance of a parent or guardian (which may include the local authority social services department), except in limited circumstances. Every effort should be made in advance of a hearing to ensure a parent or guardian attends, so that the court does not need to require their attendance. 9.3. The process of applying for an injunction The process for applying for an injunction are set out in the Civil Procedure Rules and the Magistrates Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related violence)