State at such address as the Secretary of State may determine. Where the offender’s [F83passport] is held by the Secretary of State by reason of the making of any direction contained in a travel restriction order, the Secretary of State (without prejudice to any other power or duty of his to retain the [F83passport])— may retain it for so long as the prohibition imposed by the order applies to the offender, and is not for the time being suspended; and shall not return the [F83passport] after the prohibition has ceased to apply, or when it is suspended, except where the [F83passport] has not expired and an application for its return is made to him by the offender. In this section “post-commencement”— except in relation to an offence that is a drug trafficking offence by virtue of an order under section 34(1)(c), means committed after the coming into force of this section; and in relation to an offence that is a drug trafficking offence by virtue of such an order, means committed after the coming into force of that order. References in this section to the offender’s release from custody are references to his first release from custody after the imposition of the travel restriction order which is neither— a release on bail; nor a temporary release for a fixed period. [F84(8) In this section “UK passport” means a United Kingdom passport within the meaning of the Immigration Act 1971 (see section 33(1)).] Meaning of “drug trafficking offence” In section 33 “drug trafficking offence” means any of the following offences (including one committed by aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring)— an offence under section 4(2) or (3) of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (c. 38) (production and supply of controlled drugs); an offence under section 20 of that Act (assisting in or inducing commission outside United Kingdom of an offence punishable under a corresponding law); 26 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes any such other offence under that Act as may be designated by order made by the Secretary of State; an offence under— section 50(2) or (3) of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 (c. 2) (improper importation), section 68(2) of that Act (exportation), or section 170 of that Act (fraudulent evasion), in connection with a prohibition or restriction on importation or exportation having effect by virtue of section 3 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (c. 38); an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Law Act 1977 (c. 45)