of sexually stimulating any member of the audience (whether by verbal or other means). The following are not sexual entertainment venues for the purposes of this Schedule— sex cinemas and sex shops; premises at which the provision of relevant entertainment as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) is such that, at the time in question and including any relevant entertainment which is being so provided at that time— 24 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes there have not been more than eleven occasions on which relevant entertainment has been so provided which fall (wholly or partly) within the period of 12 months ending with that time; no such occasion has lasted for more than 24 hours; and no such occasion has begun within the period of one month beginning with the end of any previous occasion on which relevant entertainment has been so provided (whether or not that previous occasion falls within the 12 month period mentioned in sub-paragraph (i)); premises specified or described in an order made by the relevant national authority. The relevant national authority may by order amend or repeal sub- paragraph (3)(b). But no order under sub-paragraph (4) may— increase the number or length of occasions in any period on which sub-paragraph (3)(b) as originally enacted would permit relevant entertainment to be provided; or provide for shorter intervals between such occasions. The relevant national authority may by order provide for descriptions of performances, or of displays of nudity, which are not to be treated as relevant entertainment for the purposes of this Schedule. Any power of the relevant national authority to make an order under this paragraph— is exercisable by statutory instrument; may be exercised so as to make different provision for different cases or descriptions of case or for different purposes; and includes power to make supplementary, incidental, consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision. A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-paragraph (4) may not be made by the Secretary of State unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament. A statutory instrument containing an order made under sub-paragraph (3)(c) or (6) by the Secretary of State is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-paragraph (4) may not be made by the Welsh Ministers unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, the National Assembly for Wales. A