are declaring their sexuality The consequences of dishonour The consequences for a person who damages their honour or that of their family or community can be extreme - sometimes lethal - and include the following: Honour killingsÕ are the ultimate sanction against (mostly) women who are perceived to have brought that shame or dishonour to a family. There have been a number of high profile cases in the United Kingdom where women have lost their lives in a brutal and ÔsymbolicÕ manner in recent years. Whilst honour killings are prevalent in South Asian and Middle Eastern countries, evidence suggests that there are on average 12 a year in England and Wales. Honour Killings are often planned and are sometimes made to look like suicide, or an accident (often hangings or burnings). A decision to kill may be preceded by a family council. Relatives (including females) may conspire, aid, abet or participate in the killing. Younger relatives may be selected to undertake the killing or the killing may be performed in front of them to make an example of what is expected within the family. Family members may pay unrelated individuals to carry out these acts on their behalf. None of the worldÕs major religions condone or support the practice of honour killings Ð although many who have killed their kin or relatives in the name of family honour have tried to justify their actions on religious grounds. Do not assume that all people from any particular race or ethnic group or religion are all going to have the same views about honour and its significance within the family or community. Dowry or ÔDahejÕ is the payment in cash, land, gold or kind by a brideÕs family to the bridegroomÕs family, along with the giving away of the bride. If the dowry amount is not considered sufficient or is not forthcoming, the bride is often harassed, abused and made miserable. This abuse can escalate to the point where the husband or his family kill the bride, often perpetrated to look like suicide or an accident. Examples of abuse and violence: (including but not limited to) • Forced Suicide (being told if they do not kill themselves someone else will kill them and it could be more painful etc) • Controlling sexual activity • Child abuse • Abuse of Vulnerable Adults • Rape • Kidnapping or false imprisonment • Threats to kill • Assault • Harassment forced abortion • Pressure to return home • Pressure to go abroad • House ÔarrestÕ • Excessive restrictions on home life (not allowed phone, to use internet or develop friendships outside of family circle etc.) Ð controlling and coercive behaviours • Families whose honour has been damaged can be ignored and ostracised by other members of the community. Their children may also be rejected at school by fellow members of their cultural, ethnic or religious group. Families who are associated with dishonour are considered damaged and may receive smaller dowries for their children. In extreme cases,