of a global standard. This Code will be reviewed, and if necessary updated, where there are changes in the technology itself, the risk landscape and the regulatory regimes.[footnote 22] We are therefore proposing monitoring and evaluation activities to assess uptake of the CodeÕs principles among key stakeholders (see Call for Views document Ð points 3.6 and 3.7). Audience An indication is given for each principle within this voluntary Code as to which stakeholder is primarily responsible for implementation. The stakeholders are defined as: Stakeholder Definitions Developers This encompasses any type of business or organisation across any sector as well as individuals that are responsible for creating an AI model and/or system. This applies to all AI technologies and both proprietary and open-source models. For context, a business or organisation that creates an AI model and who is also responsible for embedding/deploying that model/system in their organisation would be defined in this voluntary Code to be both a Developer and a System Operator. System Operators This includes any type of business or organisation across any sector that has responsibility for embedding / deploying an AI model and system within their infrastructure. This applies to all AI technologies and both proprietary and open-source models. This term also includes those businesses that provide a contractual service to organisations to embed / deploy an AI model and system for business purposes. Data controllers This includes any type of business, organisation or individual that control data permissions and the integrity of data that is used for any AI model or system to function. In the context of an AI system, there could be multiple data controllers involved because some data used to create a model could come from the organisation that is deploying/embedding the system in their infrastructure and other data could be from public databases and other sources. End-users This encompasses any employee within an organisation or business and UK consumers who use an AI model and system for any purpose, including to support their work and day-to-day activities. This applies to all AI technologies and both proprietary and open-source models. End- users are not expected or required to implement this Code. This stakeholder group has been created because the voluntary Code has placed expectations on Developers, System Operators and Data controllers to help inform and protect end-users. The table below gives examples of common cases involving different types of organisations that are relevant to this voluntary Code of Practice as well as the Software Resilience voluntary Code of Practice. Stakeholder Groups Guidance Software vendors who also offer AI services to customers/end-users These organisations are a Developer and therefore are in scope of this Code and the Software Resilience Code of Practice. Software vendors who use AI in their own infrastructure which has been created by an external provider These organisations are a System Operator and therefore are in scope of relevant parts of the Code and the Software Resilience Code of Practice. Software vendors who create AI in-house and implement it within their