or (iii) no longer an accurate representation of the subjectÕs appearance. (1M) In subsections (1E), (1G), (1I) and (1K) references to crime include references to any conduct whichÑ (a) constitutes one or more criminal offences (whether under the law of a part of the United Kingdom or of a country or territory outside the United Kingdom), or (b) is, or corresponds to, any conduct which, if it all took place in any one part of the United Kingdom, would constitute one or more criminal offences.Ó (3) Schedule 2A (fingerprinting and samples: power to require attendance at police station) is amended in accordance with subsections (4) to (8). (4) In the heading of the Schedule, for Òand samplesÓ substitute Ò, samples and photographsÓ. (5) After Part 3 insertÑ (1) 56 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒPART 3A PHOTOGRAPHS Persons arrested and released 14A (1) A constable may require a person who falls within section 64A(1D)(a) to attend a police station to be photographed under section 64A(1C). (2) The power under sub-paragraph (1) may not be exercised in a case where section 64A(1E)(b) applies (photograph taken on a previous occasion unavailable or inadequate) after the end of the period of six months beginning with the day on which the appropriate officer was informed that section 64(1E)(b)(i) applied. (3) In sub-paragraph (2) the Òappropriate officerÓ means the officer investigating the offence for which the person was arrested. Persons charged etc. 14B (1) A constable may require a person who falls within section 64A(1D)(b) or (c) to attend a police station to be photographed under section 64A(1C). (2) The power under sub-paragraph (1) may not be exercised after the end of the period of six months beginning withÑ (a) in a case where section 64A(1E)(a) applies (photograph not previously taken), the day on which the person was charged or informed that they would be reported, or (b) in a case where section 64A(1E)(b) applies (photograph taken on a previous occasion unavailable or inadequate), the day on which the appropriate officer was informed that section 64A(1E)(b)(i) applied. (3) In sub-paragraph (2)(b) the Òappropriate officerÓ means the officer investigating the offence for which the person was charged or informed that they would be reported. Persons convicted of an offence etc. in England and Wales 14C (1) A constable may require a person who falls within section 64A(1F) to attend a police station to be photographed under section 64A(1C). (2) Where section 64A(1G)(a) applies (photographs not