[F461(ba) an accredited inspector in the execution of his duty,] or a person assisting a designated or accredited person [F462or an accredited inspector] in the execution of his duty, is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or to both. Any person who resists or wilfully obstructs— a designated person in the execution of his duty, an accredited person in the execution of his duty, [F463(ba) an accredited inspector in the execution of his duty,] or a person assisting a designated or accredited person [F462or an accredited inspector] in the execution of his duty, is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale, or to both. Any person who, with intent to deceive— impersonates a designated person [F464, an accredited person or an accredited inspector] , makes any statement or does any act calculated falsely to suggest that he is a designated person [F465, that he is an accredited person or that he is an accredited inspector] , or makes any statement or does any act calculated falsely to suggest that he has powers as a designated or accredited person [F466or as an accredited inspector] that exceed the powers he actually has, is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or to both. In this section references to the execution by a designated person [F467, accredited person or accredited inspector] of his duty are references to his exercising any power or performing any duty which is his by virtue of his designation or accreditation. [F468(5) References in this section to a designated person are to— a designated person within the meaning given by section 47(1), and 106 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a person in relation to whom a designation under section 38B is for the time being in force.] Interpretation of Chapter 1 In this Chapter— [F469“accredited inspector” means a weights and measures inspector in relation to whom an accreditation under section 41A is for the time being in force;] “accredited person” means a person in relation to whom an accreditation under section