that the court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities thatÑ (a) a bladed article or offensive weapon was used by the offender in the commission of the offence, or (b) the offender had a bladed article or offensive weapon with them when the offence was committed. (4) The condition in this subsection is that the court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities thatÑ (a) a bladed article or offensive weapon was used by another person in the commission of the offence and the offender knew or ought to have known that this would be the case, or (b) another person who committed the offence had a bladed article or offensive weapon with them when the offence was committed and the offender knew or ought to have known that this would be the case. (5) The condition in this subsection is that the court considers it necessary to make a serious violence reduction order in respect of the offender toÑ (a) protect the public in England and Wales from the risk of harm involving a bladed article or offensive weapon, (b) protect any particular members of the public in England and Wales (including the offender) from such risk, or (c) prevent the offender from committing an offence involving a bladed article or offensive weapon. (6) The court may make a serious violence reduction order in respect of the offender only if itÑ (a) does so in addition to dealing with the offender for the offence, and (b) does not make an order for absolute discharge under section 79 in respect of the offence. (7) For the purpose of deciding whether to make a serious violence reduction order the court may consider evidence led by the prosecution and evidence led by the offender. (8) It does not matter whether the evidence would have been admissible in the proceedings in which the offender was convicted. (9) The court may adjourn any proceedings on an application for a serious violence reduction order even after sentencing the offender. (10) If the offender does not appear for any adjourned proceedings the court mayÑ (a) further adjourn the proceedings, (b) issue a warrant for the offenderÕs arrest, or (c) hear the proceedings in the offenderÕs absence. (a) 182 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (11) The court may not act under subsection (10)(b) unless it is satisfied that the offender has had adequate notice of the time and place of the