Intent Ð Aim and Rationale Parental Leave enables individuals to take unpaid time off work to look after a childÕs welfare, to help them balance family and work commitments and spend more time with your children. The policy applies to police officers, police staff, including staff of the Offices of the Police & Crime Commissioner (OPCC) but does not cover contractors, casual workers, and members of the special constabulary, police staff volunteers or workers employed by an agency. The aim of this policy is: a. To provide staff and officers with the full procedure and details in relation to parental leave provisions in Wiltshire Police. b. To ensure that both staff and officers are aware of and have access to information on all rights associated with parental leave. This policy applies to same sex couples, married and unmarried couples, civil partners and single parents. 6.2 Introduction to Ordinary Parental Leave (OPL) Police Officers Ð You are entitled to take up to 13 weeksÕ unpaid parental leave per child if you are the birth or adoptive parent of a child who is under 18 years of age. To qualify for ordinary parental leave, you must have completed at least one year's continuous service with the organisation. Police staff - You are entitled to up to 18 weeks' unpaid parental leave per child if you are the birth or adoptive parent of a child who is under 18 years of age. To qualify for ordinary parental leave, you must have completed at least one year's continuous service with the organisation. "Ordinary parental leave" should not be confused with ÒShared Parental LeaveÓ. Shared parental leave enables mothers to commit to ending their maternity or adoption leave and pay at a future date, and to share the untaken balance of leave and pay as shared parental leave and pay with their partner, or to return to work early from maternity leave and opt in to shared parental leave and pay at a later date. (This is detailed under Section 25 of this policy document) 6.3 Rights During ordinary parental leave, pay and most contractual benefits will be suspended, however the right to accrue statutory holiday entitlement will remain in place. Certain other terms of employment will remain in force. During parental leave, you will be entitled to the implied obligation of trust and confidence, and any terms and conditions of employment relating to: • Notice of termination • Redundancy compensation • Disciplinary or issue resolution procedures You will be bound by the implied obligation of good faith and any terms and conditions of employment relating to: • Notice of termination • Disclosure of confidential information • The acceptance of gifts or other benefits • Participation in any other business 6.4 Conditions The organisation has adopted the default scheme for the taking of ordinary parental leave and the following conditions apply: a. You must: • Have one year continuous service or more • Be named on the childÕs birth or adoption certificate (and be able