use and one for external use (see Mailbox Management Procedure). • It is not acceptable to send emails to personal email accounts or home computers that relate to Wiltshire Police the OPCC or criminal investigations. The use of Wiltshire Police email and social media accounts should be for work purposes only; • Regularly weed e-mail folders to ensure messages and attachments are retained no longer than necessary in line with the Mailbox Management Procedure; • Ensure outgoing e-mail is accurately addressed; • Unless authorised, software must not be downloaded and you must not access or use on-line computer games; • You must not download or copy material in breach of copyright licensing; • You must not seek, retrieve, display or download data in any format which is indecent, offensive, subversive, illegal or otherwise inappropriate and inconsistent with Force Professional Standards; • It is not acceptable to register Force email addresses or telephone numbers with commercial websites for personal purposes; • You must not transmit unencrypted information classified Official-Sensitive or above over the Internet, unless in line with the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) and the ForceÕs Information Management Policy; • Excessive personal use of Internet browsing or email messaging facilities is not permitted. (To be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use). • The above points relating to e-mail are also applicable to mobile applications and SMS messaging. Mobile applications must not be used to communicate Police/OPCC information unless these have been approved by the ICT Department. When using Social Networking Sites (either for personal or Police/OPCC business use) the Standards of Professional Behaviour for Police Officers and Police Staff should be taken into consideration. Advice and Guidance on the use of Social Networking Sites will be issued from time to time and can be found in the Force Social Media Policy. 22.3 Information Security in Conversations and with the Use of (Mobile and Fixed) Telephone and recording Equipment Due care must be taken when using telephones, voicemail, answering machines, facsimiles and recording equipment (e.g. photographic, video and audio equipment) to ensure the protection of sensitive information. All telephone users must be aware that any speech over the telephone is at risk of interception by unauthorised persons or groups. All staff must comply with the ForceÕs Information Management Policy and Data Protection Policy. It is important that before you conduct a telephone conversation in an open plan office area or outside of the ForceÕs premises, you must consider the nature of the topic you are about to discuss. If the conversation is of a sensitive nature, you must ensure that there is no possibility of eavesdropping. Remember to always be aware of who is around you when holding a confidential conversation. In addition, messages containing sensitive Policing information must not be left on voicemail and answering machines. When sending or receiving sensitive information by facsimile, you must ensure that the information is not compromised. Always check the recipient facsimile number to ensure that it is