evidence-based project and a review of their Occupational Competency Portfolio. GATEWAY 3 Ð FULL OCCUPATIONAL COMPETENCE & 120 CREDITS 6.4 DHEP Standard Journey 6.4.1 YEAR 1 Initial Training Phase Day 1/2 Ð Attestation Weeks 2 Ð 23 Initial learning including 2 weeks leave and 6 x modules • To complete knowledge, understanding and practical elements of Year 1 curriculum. • Student development will be supported by a qualified tutor constable in the workplace until the student has evidenced the competence to patrol independently, ordinarily this will be over a 12 week period, but maybe extended if deemed appropriate. • Police specific training e.g. IT, Officer Safety, Driving Course • Employer led delivery to ensure programme meets organisational needs. • All academic assessments to be managed by the USW ensuring learning outcomes are met and learning meets academic standards. Operationally Deployed Weeks 24 Ð 35 Ð Tutoring Phase • 1:1 Tutoring Period gathering evidence towards achieving • Independent Patrol Status in Occupational Competency Portfolio Weeks 36 Ð 52 Ð IPS Phase • Mentoring Period on shift. Gather evidence towards Full Occupational Competence in Occupational Competency Portfolio • USW will continue to assess the academic capability through a series of assignments based on the studentsÕ operational experience. GATEWAY 1 Ð INDEPENDENT PATROL & 60 CREDITS - LEVEL 6 6.4.2 YEAR 2 Months 13 Ð 24 Continuous Development • Consolidated Learning linked to Full Occupational Competence Advanced Professional Development in a specified area - Response Policing ¥ Neighbourhood Policing ¥ Policing the Roads ¥ Information and Intelligence ¥ Conducting Investigations • Students should complete the OCP by the end of Year 2 (week 104) • USW will continue to assess the academic capability through a series of assignments based on the studentsÕ operational experience. • Submission completion of the completed portfolio, including final review (week 90) • Students will achieve FOC by evidencing both academic achievement and demonstrating operational competence in the workplace. GATEWAY 2 Ð FULL OCCUPATIONAL COMPETENCE & 60 CREDITS - LEVEL 6 CODE OF ETHICS AND USW STUDENT RULES MUST BE MAINTAINED THROUGHOUT BOTH COURSES. 6.5 Tutorship 6.5.1 Student Officers will undertake a 12-week period of tutorship following their successful competition of their Initial Learning Phase (ILP), unless they are able to show previous accredited experience that would be Ôrecognised prior learningÕ (RPL). 6.5.2 The tutorship phase will be managed by the Community Policing Team (CPT), the Student Officer has been posted to, overseen by the People Development (SOAT) and supported by the Human Resources team. All students will be tutored by a trained tutor constable. 6.5.3 During the 12-week tutorship period, the student should be able to demonstrate that they are able to operate independently at a level deemed safe and lawful. The competencies are recorded in the OCP (Operational Competence Portfolio). The student must have successfully completed all underpinning learning linked to IPS (Independent Patrol Status) before final assessment of IPS is made via an appropriate holistic (integrated) assessment. 6.5.4 It is the responsibility of the Community Policing