be) the Secretary of State to represent the interests of any description of relevant persons within section 24AE(4)(c) to (e). More than one individual may be nominated under subsection (5) or (6) (but not in relation to the same relevant person or description of relevant persons). The group must permit any individuals nominated by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this subsection to attend meetings of the group as observers. 24AH Functions of security executive groups The security executive group for an aerodrome must— decide the contents of each aerodrome security plan for the aerodrome, and keep the contents of each plan under review and decide whether (and, if so, how) they should be varied. No provision may be included in an aerodrome security plan unless all the members of the group unanimously agree that it should be included. An aerodrome security plan may not be varied unless all the members of the group unanimously agree to the variation. But the agreement of a member is not required for the purposes of subsection (2) or (3) if the member unreasonably fails to inform the other members of the group whether the member agrees or disagrees to the inclusion of the provision or (as the case may be) to the variation. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 113 If the Secretary of State at any time requests a copy of an aerodrome security plan, the manager of the aerodrome must give a copy of the plan to the Secretary of State. 24AI Objections to proposals by security executive groups The security executive group for an aerodrome must notify a person to whom this section applies if— the group proposes to include a provision in an aerodrome security plan or to vary a provision in a plan, and the provision (or the provision as varied) would by virtue of section 24AE require the person to— take a security measure, take a monitoring step, or make any payments. This section applies to— any relevant person within section 24AE(4)(c) to (e), other than such a person who is represented on the security executive group by virtue of section 24AG(5), the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, unless the Commissioners are represented on the group, the Serious Organised Crime Agency, unless the Agency is represented on the group, the Secretary of State, unless the Secretary of State has made a nomination under section 24AG(4). A person notified under subsection (1) may object to the proposal by informing the