in any single measurement, the area of the panel shall be calculated manually by tracing around the perimeter of the armour using PolyartTM paper (140 g.m-2, 0.175 mm thickness).14 This paper shall then be weighed and used to calculate areal density using Equation (3). ?????????? ?????????????? (????. ???2) = ð ???????? ???? ???????????? (????) ? ?????????? ?????????????? ???? ?????????? (????. ???2) ???????? ???? ??????????(????) ð (3) Such discrepancies shall be recorded and reported to CAST. 5.3. Reporting Inspection notes and areal densities shall be recorded in the template provided by CAST15 along with any associated relevant information (e.g. photographs). This spreadsheet shall be submitted with test reports on completion of testing. All test reports will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions Ôfor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all parties and kept on record for a minimum of five yearsÕ. 14 The areal density of the paper shall be measured prior to calculation. 15 Available on request to CAST. 6. Ballistic testing 6.1. General ballistic testing requirements 6.1.1. Performance assessment criteria All ballistic armour, regardless of protection level, shall satisfy the following requirements. Following a fair strike: • no bullet shall completely pass through (perforate) the protective panel; • no part of the bullet shall be visible from the body side of the protective panel;16 • no bullet or part of the bullet shall exit from the sides of the protective panel; • no spall or fragments of hard armour (e.g. ceramic plate, pieces of metal) shall enter the backing material; • the BFS measurements shall not exceed the limits specified according to the protection level being assessed (see Table 8). 6.1.2. Fair strike A fair strike shall be recorded if: • the shot velocity is within the specified range; • shot placement rules are adhered to; • unless otherwise specified, the shot is perpendicular to the target.17 In any fair series of strikes, the mean of all velocities in a certification test series at a given protection level shall equal or exceed the specified velocity (e.g. for an armour submitted for HO1 testing, the mean of all shots must be 365 m.s-1 or greater). 6.1.3. Exceptions The following conditions represent exceptions to the fair strike criteria for ballistic testing: • If the shot velocity is below the specified range but the armour is perforated this shall be classed as a fair strike. • If the shot velocity is above the specified range, the armour is not perforated and the BFS is within the defined limits; this may be classed as a fair strike upon acceptance by the manufacturer. Beyond this point, any subsequent fair strikes are considered acceptable. • If the shot placement rules are not adhered to, the armour is not perforated and the BFS is within the defined limits; this may be classed as a fair strike upon acceptance 16 Assessed on the last layer (body side) of ballistic material within the panel