Availability of approved firearms, ammunitions and specialist munitions 4.3.1 Chief officers of police must ensure that their officers who are authorised to use firearms and specialist munitions are equipped and trained in accordance with this code. 4.3.2 The training for and operational use of such weapons must follow any specific guidance relating to the use of each weapon as set out in section 6 and according to the National Police Firearms Training Curriculum (NPFTC) and APP-AP. 4.4 Issue of weapons to competent officers 4.4.1 Firearms and specialist munitions must be issued only to officers assessed as competent to use them in accordance with the training and assessment procedures in section 6. 4.5 Approval of specialist munitions 4.5.1 Where specialist munitions achieve their intended purpose through a physical effect on an individual(s) they will also require appropriate medical evaluation and must be considered for approval by the Home Office. Where this is the case, the approval process will be aligned with the approval process for less lethal weapons. Refer to section 5 for detail of the approval process. 1.1.1 Development and the approval of less lethal 5 weapons by the Home Office 5.1 Strategic principles 5.1.1 The Home Office and the national police lead for less lethal weapons should monitor the continuing research into, and the development of, acceptable and effective less lethal weapon systems in response to an evolving operational requirement and capability gaps. 5.1.2 The strategic objective of the development of new weapon systems is to provide police officers with less lethal tactical options which will: ? reduce the reliance on conventional firearms and ammunition ? allow police officers to achieve a lawful objective when the force used is reasonable and proportionate in the circumstances. 5.1.3 New less lethal weapon systems and significant changes to pre-approved less lethal weapons systems will require approval by the Home Office before they can be used by police forces in England and Wales. This approval process is required because of the unique risks and societal implications that apply to use of less lethal weapons, including the careful balance that needs to be struck between them being as effective as possible while also minimising risk of serious or permanent injury or death. All changes to less lethal weapons must be referred to the national policing lead and the Home Office for consideration. 5.1.4 Where approval is required by the Home Office, the Home Office will determine on a case by case basis whether the decision is made by the Secretary of State for the Home Department or a delegated Home Office authority as appropriate. 5.1.5 As part of the approval, evaluation and assessment process for such weapons the following must be considered, and will include, where appropriate: ? a needs analysis ? determination of operational requirement ? independent (of the manufacturer) technical and medical assessment (to include capability, limitations effect and lethality) ? operational performance trials. The approval process will take into account relevant strategic, ethical, operational and societal issues. 5.1.6 The threshold for