the Criminal Justice (Northern Ireland) Order 1996 or Article 17 or 18(8) of the Criminal Justice (Northern Ireland) Order 2008. The powers conferred on a constable by subsection (8) are exercisable in any part of the United Kingdom. An immigration officer is a person who is an immigration officer within the meaning of the Immigration Act 1971.” 98 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Return from category 2 territory For section 132 of the Extradition Act 2003 substitute— “132 Return of person to serve remainder of sentence This section applies if— a person who is serving a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention in the United Kingdom is extradited to a category 2 territory in accordance with this Part; the person is returned to the United Kingdom to serve the remainder of the sentence or the person otherwise returns to the United Kingdom. Time during which the person was outside the United Kingdom as a result of the extradition does not count as time served by the person as part of the sentence. But subsection (2) does not apply if— the person was extradited for the purpose of being prosecuted for an offence, and the person has not been convicted of the offence or of any other offence in respect of which the person was permitted to be dealt with in the category 2 territory. In a case falling within subsection (3), time during which the person was outside the United Kingdom as a result of the extradition counts as time served by the person as part of the sentence if (and only if) it was spent in custody in connection with the offence or any other offence in respect of which the person was permitted to be dealt with in the territory. In a case where the person is not entitled to be released from detention pursuant to the sentence— the person is liable to be detained in pursuance of the sentence, and if at large, the person must be treated as being unlawfully at large. In a case where the person is entitled to be released from detention on licence pursuant to the sentence— if the person was released on licence at the time of extradition, the licence is suspended until the person's return, if the person was not released on licence at that time, subsections (7) to (10) apply in relation to the person (“the offender”). The offender is liable to be detained, on return, in any place in which the offender could have