2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) has reasonable grounds for suspecting that the offender has breached a condition of their licence, and (b) reasonably considers that it is necessary, for purposes connected with protecting members of the public from a risk of terrorism, to detain the offender until a recall decision is made. (2) A terrorist offender who is detained under this section must (unless recalled or otherwise detained under any other power) be releasedÑ (a) if a recall decision is made not to revoke the offenderÕs licence (and accordingly the offender is not recalled to prison), as soon as practicable after that decision is made, or (b) if a recall decision has not been made by the end of the relevant period, at the end of that period. (3) Part 1 of Schedule 8 makes provision that applies where a terrorist offender is arrested under this section. (4) In this section Òterrorist offenderÓ meansÑ (a) an offender to whom a restricted release provision applies or would apply but for the fact that the offender has been released on licence; (b) a life prisoner within the meaning of Chapter 2 of Part 2 of the Crime (Sentences) Act 1997 (see section 34 of that Act) who is serving a sentence for an offence within section 247A(2) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003; (c) a life prisoner within the meaning of Part 1 of the Prisoners and Criminal Proceedings (Scotland) Act 1993 (see section 27 of that Act) who is serving a sentence, or is subject to an order for lifelong restriction, for an offence within section 1AB(2) of that Act; (d) a life prisoner within the meaning of the Life Sentences (Northern Ireland) Order 2001 (S.I. 2001/2564 (N.I. 2)) (see Article 2 of that Order) who is serving a sentence for an offence within Article 20A(2) of the Criminal Justice (Northern Ireland) Order 2008 (S.I. 2008/1216 (N.I. 1)). (5) For the purposes of this sectionÑ (a) a reference to an offender who has been released on licence includes an offender who Ñ (i) has been released temporarily pursuant to rules made under section 47(5) of the Prison Act 1952 or section 13(1)(c) of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953 (c. 18 (N.I.)), or (ii) has been released temporarily on licence pursuant to rules made under section 39(6) of the Prisons (Scotland) Act 1989; (b) a reference to a condition of an offenderÕs licence includes a condition to which an offenderÕs temporary release is subject; (c) a reference to revocation of an offenderÕs licence includes recall of an offender from temporary release. (6) In this sectionÑ ÒprisonÓ includes any place where a person is liable to be detained; Òrecall decisionÓ, in relation to a terrorist offender who has been released on licence, means a decision by any person with