section to a magistrates' court for a closure order. A closure order is an order that the premises in respect of which the order is made are closed to all persons for such period not exceeding 3 months as is specified in the order. The application must be heard by the magistrates' court not later than 48 hours after the notice was served in pursuance of section 136C(3)(a). The magistrates' court may make a closure order if three conditions are met. (5) The first condition is that the court is satisfied that either subsection (6) or subsection (7) (or both) applies. This subsection applies if, during the relevant period, the premises were used for activities related to one or more specified prostitution offences. But this subsection does not apply if only one person obtained all of the sexual services in question (whether or not on a single occasion). This subsection applies if, during the relevant period, the premises were used for activities related to one or more specified pornography offences. In subsections (6) and (7), “the relevant period” means the period of 3 months ending with the day on which the issue of the closure notice was authorised. The second condition is that the court is satisfied that the making of the closure order is necessary to prevent the premises being used for activities related to one or more specified prostitution or pornography offences during the period to be specified in the order. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 153 The third condition is that the court is satisfied that— before the issue of the closure notice was authorised, reasonable steps were taken to establish the identity of any person of a description mentioned in section 136B(7)(b), and a constable complied with section 136C(3)(d) in relation to the persons so identified. For the purposes of the second condition, it does not matter whether the court is satisfied that the offence or offences in question have been committed or that they will be committed (or will be committed unless a closure order is made). A closure order may be made whether or not a person has been convicted of any specified prostitution or pornography offence that the court is satisfied has been committed. Making of closure orders: supplementary provision 136(E1) The magistrates' court may adjourn the hearing of an application for a closure order for a period of not more than 14 days to enable any of the following to show why a closure order should not be made—