identify potential victims, sensitively, intervene at an early stage where possible, and refer on as appropriate. It is critical that all health professionals understand the need to enquire about domestic abuse, and how to do this safely, if they are concerned that a patient may be experiencing or perpetrating it. All staff working in the NHS must undertake level 1 safeguarding training as a minimum, and this training includes domestic abuse as a module. Further training is required for different occupational groups (Levels 2-3) and specific roles (Levels 4-5). The intercollegiate documents for safeguarding children and adults provide clear frameworks to identify the role and competencies required for all healthcare staff. The frameworks also include specific detail for chief executives, chairs, board members (including executives non-executives and lay members). Each level will have an assigned minimum training requirement. There is a range of guidance available and relevant to different healthcare settings aimed at helping staff make relevant and appropriate enquiries in a sensitive manner and at the right time. Department of Health and Social care (DHSC) provides online domestic abuse resource for health professionals, a Quality Standard for Domestic Abuse has been published by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) and the Institute of Health Professionals working in conjunction with the Royal Colleges of Nursing and General Practitioners have developed a series of e-learning and training modules. It is recommended that healthcare professionals follow the specific guidance required for their practice and at the requisite level. NICE guidelines state that being trained to respond to disclosure (Level 1) and how to ask about domestic abuse (Level 2) is essential for safe enquiry about experiences of domestic abuse and a consistent and appropriate response. Staff should understand the epidemiology of domestic violence and abuse, how it affects people’s lives and their own role, and that of other professionals, in intervening safely. Staff should be adequately trained in recognising domestic abuse and how to respond in practice. They should also be updated on local policy, protocols for identifying and assessing risk, information sharing, and pathways to and from specialist domestic abuse services. 158 Agenda. Ask and Take Action: why public services must ask about domestic abuse: 2019. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Health and social care service managers and professionals should ensure trained staff in antenatal, postnatal, reproductive care, sexual health, alcohol or drug misuse, mental health, children's, and vulnerable adults' services ask service users whether they have experienced domestic abuse. This should be a routine part of good clinical practice, even where there are no indicators of such abuse. Findings from the Pathfinder Project159 highlighted that health professionals feel better able to enquire about domestic abuse if their Integrated Care System and primary care networks supported the placement of Independent Domestic Violence Advisors (IDVAs) or other accredited domestic abuse peer advocacy programme. These specialised trauma-informed services might then be best placed to follow up with any disclosures of abuse; a greater understanding of local referral pathways; specialist