apply in relation to the complaint as if sub-paragraphs (4)(a), (4A) and (5A)(b) were omitted.] (2) Where the [F632Director General] determines under this paragraph that it is not necessary for a complaint to be investigated [F673Ñ (a) in a case where the complaint is already being investigated by the appropriate authority on its own behalf (and notwithstanding the [F666Director General's] determination), the [F632Director General] must refer the complaint back to the appropriate authority for the investigation to be completed, and (b) in any other case, the [F632Director General] may, if [F638the Director General] thinks fit, refer the complaint back to the appropriate authority to be dealt with by that authority in accordance with paragraph 6.] (3) Where the [F632Director General] refers a complaint back under sub-paragraph (2), [F638the Director General] shall give a notification of the making of the reference backÑ (a) to the complainant, and (b) except in a case where it appears to the [F632Director General] that to do so might prejudice [F674an investigation of the complaint (whether an existing investigation or a possible future one)], to the person complained against [F675(if any)]. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 177 Handling of complaints by the appropriate authority [F6766 (1) This paragraph applies where a complaint has been recorded by the appropriate authority. (2) But this paragraph does not apply to a complaint if it is one that has been, or must be, referred to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 4, unless the complaint is for the time beingÑ (a) referred back to the authority under paragraph [F6775(2)(b)], F678... F679(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F680(2A) The appropriate authority must handle the complaint in such reasonable and proportionate manner as the authority determines. (2B) An appropriate authority may handle a complaint in accordance with sub- paragraph (2A) by (amongst other things)Ñ (a) making arrangements for the complaint to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf; (b) notifying the complainant that no further action is to be taken in relation to the complaint. (2C) The appropriate authority must comply with its duty under sub-paragraph (2A) by making arrangements for the complaint to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf if at any time it appears to the authority from the complaint, or from the authority's handling of the complaint to that point, that there