includes a pattern of undesirable behavior and to implement corrective interven- tions quickly. By monitoring indicators of problematic behavior (e.g., citizen complaints, use of force, high-speed pursuits), police administrators may be able to identify officers at risk of future misconduct and intervene before that miscon- duct occurs (Worden et al. 2013). EIS generally consist of four components: performance indicators, procedures for officer identification, intervention, and postintervention monitoring. Typically framed as a nonpunitive approach, these systems often operate external to a law enforcement agency’s disciplinary pro- cesses, providing the opportunity for officer retraining, counseling, or other interventions (Worden et al. 2018). The use of EIS spread rapidly across the landscape of American law enforce- ment in the 1990s and 2000s. The proliferation of these systems was supported, in particular, by the inclusion of recommendations for EIS in consent decrees developed by the u.S. Department of Justice as part of their investigations of the “pattern or practice” of citizen rights violations within police agencies (Walker 2003). By 2007, 40 percent of agencies serving populations of fifty thousand or more reported having implemented an EIS within their agency (Worden et al. 2018). Among many, EIS are now considered a “best practice” for police account- ability, particularly regarding officer use of force (Harmon 2009; Walker 2003). The use of EIS is not without criticism, however. The ability of systems to accu- rately identify problematic officers is a primary concern. Though law enforce- ment agencies have begun to incorporate secondary screening measures (e.g., supervisory review) to bolster the review and selection of “problem” officers, the process for identification remains an imperfect science (Worden et al. 2018). Furthermore, despite the “best practice” label, EIS have not been a common subject of evaluation. A recent review of EIS evaluations (Worden et al. 2018) identified only six evaluations appearing in four research studies examining the 158 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy impact of agencies’ EIS interventions on citizen complaints against officers, officer use of force, and officer arrest activity. Due to agency specificity in the structure of EIS components, including the types of indicators used and the nature of interven- tions, it has been suggested that each evaluation is best defined as a case study (Worden et al. 2013). As a whole, these six case studies report positive findings, suggesting that EIS interventions may reduce the likelihood of future complaints against officers and subsequent uses of force. However, our confidence in the accu- racy and generalization of these findings is limited by the considerable threats to internal validity within each study (Worden et al. 2018). Further doubt is cast on the effectiveness of EIS interventions because the most rigorous evaluation pro- vides the least favorable results (see Worden et al. 2013). Overall, the evidence supporting the use of EIS as a mechanism to decrease officer use of force, and in particular officer-involved shootings, is not strong. The limited number of evalua- tions, combined with weak research designs, and the limited scope of the outcomes examined leaves many