infrastructure.8 This program will have lasting economic benefits for rural drivers. Switching to electric vehicles is estimated to save rural drivers, who drive the most, upwards of $4,000 a year in gasoline costs.9 The return on investment for the subsidies will likely take time as demand for electric vehicles grows with the program. That said, a recent study found that drivers spending money at local businesses while waiting for their vehicles to charge boosted local revenue by 0.8 percent from January 2021 to June 2023 for an average charging location, and this number is higher for chargers near a greater density of businesses.10 Highlights A lack of electric vehicle charging capacity in rural America has stalled an otherwise quick transition from gas-guzzling cars to carbon-friendly transport in the U.S. Congress should increase direct subsidies to states for the implementation of electric vehicle charging stations that are unprofitable. Access to charging stations increases the propensity of drivers to switch to EVs. A 2022 Consumer Report survey found that 61% of drivers choose not to switch because of charging logistics and 55% choose not to switch due to range anxiety.11 Implementation This policy has political appeal to both moderate Republicans and Democrats.12 The environmental and economic benefits that the policy targets would be broadly popular among liberals and progressives owing to their prior support of similar components of the 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure law. Moreover, the key target demographics are rural, gas-car- owning Americans who typically skew conservative.13 While some initial reluctance to switch is expected given prior trends, the gradual switch among those in rural America prior to the implementation of this policy is encouraging. There is still a sizable portion of Republicans in Congress including Senator-Elect John Curtis (R-UT) who are members of the Conservative Climate Caucus, and several key elements of this proposal will address needs of their districts/states. To obtain the money for subsidization, the best course of action is for Congress to shift federal funds for highway expansion and, instead, invest in EV fast chargers. The US has historically invested heavily in highway expansions that, while necessary for many smaller cities, often increase traffic in large cities.14 15 While this policy is likely to be broadly popular among constituents, who will not be taxed additional money for its implementation, hardline conservative Republican lawmakers may have a difficult time supporting an initiative that caves into people they view as climate change alarmists. The Republican caucasus is highly fractured on support for climate change legislation, but Democrats will not have to win over each one to push the new legislation across the finish line. As many major automakers are now well-established in the electric vehicle market, they will likely support the policy too, as it might induce non-car owners to purchase an EV as their first car. A bipartisan group of senators, akin to the legislative process for the Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill, could be highly effective at working out a comprehensive framework that appeals to conservatives invested in climate solutions.