In section 14A of the Football Spectators Act 1989 (banning order made on conviction of an offence), for subsections (2) and (3) substituteÑ Ò(2) The court must make a banning order in respect of the offender unless the court considers that there are particular circumstances relating to the offence or to the offender which would make it unjust in all the circumstances to do so. (3) Where the court does not make a banning order it must state in open court the reasons for not doing so.Ó (2) Section 22 of that Act (banning orders arising out of offences outside England and Wales) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) and (4). (3) In subsection (4), for the words following paragraph (b) substituteÑ Òmust make a banning order in relation to the person, unless subsection (5) applies.Ó (4) For subsections (5) and (5A) substituteÑ Ò(5) This subsection applies ifÑ (a) it appears to the court that the conviction of the corresponding offence in a country outside England and Wales is the subject of proceedings in a court of law in that country questioning the conviction, or (b) the court considers that there are particular circumstances relating to the corresponding offence or to the person which would make it unjust in all the circumstances to make a banning order. (5A) Where the court does not make a banning order on the ground mentioned in subsection (5)(b) it must state in open court the reasons for not doing so.Ó (5) This section does not apply in relation to an offence committed before the day appointed by regulations under section 208(1) for its coming into force. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 11 Ð Rehabilitation of offenders CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 243 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 11 REHABILITATION OF OFFENDERS 193 Rehabilitation of offenders (1) The Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974, as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, is amended as follows. (2) Section 5 (rehabilitation periods for particular sentences) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (12). (3) In subsection (1) (sentences excluded from rehabilitation)Ñ (a) for paragraph (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) any of the following sentences, where the sentence is imposed for an offence specified in Schedule 18 to the Sentencing Code (serious violent, sexual and terrorism offences) or a service offence as respects which the corresponding offence is so specifiedÑ (i) a sentence of imprisonment for a term exceeding 4 years; (ii) a sentence of youth custody for such a term; (iii) a sentence of