• Sands, which provides support to anyone who has been affected by stillbirth or neonatal death; • Tommy's, a charity that carries out research and supports those who have lost babies; • the Mariposa Trust, a charity that provides support to those affected by baby loss and bereavement; • • Antenatal Results and Choices (ARC), a charity providing support to those who decide to terminate a pregnancy for medical reasons; and • Mind, which provides support and information to those experiencing mental health issues for any reason. 4.8 Returning to work Your line manager or a friend/colleague of your choice will keep in touch with you during any period of leave after a miscarriage or stillbirth to discuss: • what information, if any, you want to share with colleagues before you return to work and how that information should be provided; • any additional support you need to return to work, such as a phased return/temporary changes to your duties, hours or location of work/a period of homeworking/additional breaks]; and • any adjustments recommended by a health and safety risk assessment. Your line manager will arrange a meeting with you to discuss these issues before your return to work if you would find that useful. Your line manager will also have regular meetings with you after your return to work so that we can continue to provide adequate support. 4.9 Rights of partners and fathers/parents We recognise that the loss of a baby is a distressing experience for both parents. Therefore, the individual whose partner has a miscarriage or stillbirth, or the father or parent of the baby who has passed away, may also need support or be eligible for time off. The sources of practical and emotional support listed above are also open to fathers and partners and we encourage employees to access these. The Miscarriage Association has published guidance Partners Too, which they may find helpful. They should discuss any additional support that they need with their line manager. The right to time off for partners and fathers/parents depends on how long the pregnancy lasted. 4.9.1 Miscarriage Individuals can take a reasonable amount of unpaid time off, also known as time off for dependants, to provide assistance if their spouse or civil partner falls ill. You should us the reason for your absence as soon as possible and say how long they expect to be off work. Further details are set out in the Dependents Leave Policy. Under our Compassionate Leave Policy, individuals are also entitled to 5 days' paid leave. Further information about how to request compassionate leave is contained in the policy. 4.9.2 Stillbirth Individuals can take a reasonable amount of unpaid time off, also known as time off for dependants, to provide assistance if their spouse or civil partner falls ill. Individuals should tell us the reason for their absence as soon as possible and say how long they expect to be off work. Further details are set out in the Dependents Leave Policy. In