amend the community order requirements of the order so as to impose a requirement of a different kind unless the offender expresses willingness to comply with that requirement, (b) may not amendÑ (i) a mental health treatment requirement, (ii) a drug rehabilitation requirement, or (iii) an alcohol treatment requirement, unless the offender expresses willingness to comply with the requirement as amended, and (c) except with the consent of the offender, may not amend the order while an appeal against the order is pending. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3)(a)Ñ (a) a community order requirement of a kind within any entry in the table in section 201 is of the same kind as any other community requirement within that entry, and (b) an electronic compliance monitoring requirement is a requirement of the same kind as any requirement within that table to which it relates. (5) If the court is of the opinion that the offender has without reasonable excuse breached a community order requirement of the order, the court may adjourn the hearing so that the court can deal with the case forthwith under paragraph 10 or 11 of Schedule 10 (powers of court to deal with offender on breach of requirement). (6) For some powers available where the court is of the opinion referred to in subsection (5) but does not deal with the case forthwith, see paragraph 9A of Schedule 10. (7) In this sectionÑ Òreview hearingÓ, and Òprogress reportÓ, have the same meanings as in section 217A. 217C Alteration of review arrangements (1) Subsections (2) and (3) apply where a courtÑ (a) considers the progress report relating to a review under section 217A (the Òcurrent reviewÓ), and (b) forms the opinion that the offenderÕs progress in complying with the community order requirements of the community order is satisfactory. (2) If the court forms that opinion before a review hearing is held at the current reviewÑ (a) it may order that no review hearing is to be held at the current review, and (b) it may amend the community order so as to provide for each subsequent review to be held without a review hearing. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Community and suspended sentence orders: special procedures relating to review and breach Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 337 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) If a review hearing is held at the current review, the court may at the hearing amend the community order so as to provide for each subsequent review to be held without a review hearing. (4) If at