from early intervention to crisis stage. Best practice responses involve an integrated response which combines child safeguarding and high-risk domestic abuse expertise, particularly in relation to risk assessment and safety planning. Further details on responding to young people experiencing abuse can be found in the SafeLives Practice Briefing, Respect Guidance ‘Work with young people’s violence and abuse’ and Women’s Aid Good Practice Guidance for specialist services for children and young people. Professionals should recognise the dynamics, impact, and risk when responding to cases of child-to-parent abuse. This may include, commissioning specialised local child-to-parent abuse services or embedding staff, within a multi-agency ‘front door’ referral system, who are trained to identify and respond appropriately to both the child and the parent victim. It is important that a young person using abusive behaviour against a parent or family member receives a safeguarding response, which should include referral to a Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub or local equivalent in the first 146 See Donovan, C., Magic, J., West, S. 2021. LGBT+ Domestic Abuse Service Provision Mapping Study. Galop, Domestic Abuse Commissioner, Durham University. 147 Holt, S. et al. 2008. ‘The impact of exposure to domestic abuse on children and young people; A review of the literature’. Child Abuse & Neglect 32:8. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance instance where a parent advocate may attend, followed by referral to Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conference if necessary, regardless of whether any police action is taken. The Home Office intends to publish later this year updated guidance on child-to- parent abuse. This guidance will include the recommended responses by police, health professionals and social workers. A trauma-informed response requires service providers to recognise the signs and impact of trauma and to view people’s difficulties through a ‘trauma lens’, recognise the increased likelihood of disengagement from standard services and the need for trauma-specific services that take into account the need for relational trust and collaboration to be at the centre of intervention.148 Trauma-informed practice seeks to address the barriers that those affected by trauma can experience when accessing care and services and the role of such practice in early intervention and prevention can be crucial. For information on working across agencies to respond to children experiencing domestic abuse see the section ‘Multi-agency working to safeguard children’. Education Education (including early years, childcare, schools and higher education) is not a reserved matter and is within the legislative competence of the Senedd, therefore information in this section only applies to England. Early Years and Childcare Early years providers can play a key role in preventing and detecting domestic abuse. Early years providers have a duty under section 40 of the Childcare Act 2006 to comply with the welfare requirements of the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) statutory framework. Early years providers must have regard to ‘Working Together to Safeguard Children’ which requires them to ensure that they are alert to any issues of concern in the child’s life and that they have, and implement, a policy and set of procedures to safeguard