specified locks may cause damage to the article and invalidate the product warranty. Level 2 18.32 Where the individual circumstances are such that additional security might be required due to factors such as repeat victimisation, a high crime location, building regularly unoccupied, substantial number of firearms on the premises, in addition to the provision of a suitable cabinet, gun room or safe, the following may be considered: a) The final exit door locks should be to BS3621 or equivalent and any French doors/ patio windows should have an integral locking system or be provided with supplementary locks to frustrate forcible opening, together with anti-lift blocks if applicable. These requirements will usually be met in properties with UPVC doors or specialist doors with a multi- locking system secured by deadlock. b) Windows on the ground floor and those accessible from flat roofs etc should be fitted with an appropriate type and number of locks which are self-latching or key operated. These should have casement-to-frame locking along the opening edge; c) An audible intruder alarm to the appropriate standard protecting either the whole the premises or those parts of the premises where guns are stored. 18.33 The latest Secured by Design New homes guide provides guidance on Home Security for new and refurbished properties and is considered to be the Police Preferred specification for home builders. 18.34 In the case of outbuildings or garages where the main building is not alarmed, consideration should be given for a stand-alone monitored alarm. 162 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 18.35 For these purposes, a ÒsubstantialÓ number of firearms should be considered with regard to the type of firearms, their potential danger if misused and their likely attractiveness to criminals Ð for example, forces may wish to exclude muzzle- loading shot guns and muzzle-loading rifles given they rarely feature in criminal use. At the lower end the number might vary between 6 and 10, depending on the type of firearm concerned, whilst anything over 10 would rarely be lower than level 2. It must be stressed, however, that it is not enough to base an assessment on the number of firearms alone - all factors mentioned above should be taken into account. Sound moderators, spare barrels, spare cylinders and component parts should not be considered as part of this total. 18.36 A different form of security which equates to that above (such as providing a reinforced gun room or other area), may also be suitable. Advice should be sought from Firearms Licencing. Level 3 18.37 If the risk is assessed as being greater than the previous level (for example by virtue of a higher crime rate, certain high profile certificate holders, a larger number of firearms held or any other factors which substantially increase the risk of burglary), then the following should be considered as well as the previous level of security: a) Dividing the risk, for example by the provision of separate cabinets, perhaps in different locations within the premises, to reduce the number of