in our heads (no page numbers). This news article, written by a criminologist, refutes the reality of needle spiking through reference to his ÔfriendsÕ who believe women simply imagine that they have been spiked. In conclusion the author, Waiton, states that needle spiking is actually victim-feminism and a Ôvery modern form of bigotry [against men]Õ (no page numbers). Similarly, a 2021 article for The Herald, entitled Spiking by injection: Experts say scenario is Ôfar- fetchedÕ repeats this dismissal of victimÕs accounts: Experts have said that a sudden spate of women being spiked by injection is Ôfar- fetchedÕ and Ôdeeply improbableÕ due to the di!culties involved with using a syringe on someone against their will [É] experts say the scenario is unlikely as it is almost impossible to administer the type of drugs needed to render someone unconscious without that person noticing, and could only be carried out by someone with a very specialised set of skills. (Harrison 2021, no page numbers) Our interviews with victims of needle spiking spoke of a lack of belief by some they told. Although this was a small, self-selecting sample, and their negative experiences might have motivated them to speak to researchers, this "nding is in line with other documented experiences of victims speaking out via social media and some mainstream media. One participant told us the reaction from security at the club where she had been needle spiked: The "rst time we went back a few weeks afterwards, I said the last time I was there I was needle spiked. And the doorman said we were liars and we hadnÕt been. Then I started getting upset at being called a liar, and then the manager came out and said Ôyes she was needle spikedÕ. They said it had happened - but the CCTV now had been wiped. (Participant 4) Participant 5 got a mixed reaction when she reported needle spiking to the police, with all but one police o!cer doubting her story. One male o!cer told her If you hadnÕt been out for three months, you probably just werenÕt used to the alcohol. Another told her Yeah thatÕs not a spike mark, itÕs just a spot. After getting upset about not being believed, a female o!cer did reassure her and blamed or excused the o!cerÕs comment about the spot on his age, suggesting that his attitude was outdated: The policewoman said ÔHeÕs old. If you think youÕve been spiked, then they will take it seriously. However, overall, the impact of the earlier comments had been for Participant 5 to feel disbelieved, and this compounded the harm she experienced. She concluded Basically, no one really took me seriously, and it made me feel worse about it all. In place of victim disbelief, time and attention could more usefully be placed on developing how evidence could be gathered to support (or indeed not support) victim testimony. This could include consideration of: how CCTV evidence could be improved, retained and used; how victim interviews could be better