Ð task groups do not need to wait until reaching Step (9) to implement these types of initiatives. Step 10 Measure the effectiveness of the implemented control measures, review, and adjust as appropriate. As with any emergency planning process, it is important that all arrangements are reviewed on an annual basis, (or in line with agreed CRR priorities), to assess and monitor their effectiveness. These reviews should include not only internal LRF assessments and technical analysis, but also community perspectives; are the arrangements working for them? Could they be improved? All results should help improve the arrangements for the future, and in doing so help keep the LRFÕs communities safe and minimise the impact of emergencies. Chapter 7 Communicating with the Public Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 7 (Communicating with the Public) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version • Summary Category 1 respondersÕ duties to communicate with the public under the Act are based on the belief that a well-informed public is better able to respond to an emergency and to minimise the impact of the emergency on the community (paragraphs 7.6). • The Act includes public awareness and warning and informing as two distinct legal duties for Category 1 responders - advising the public of risks before an emergency and warning and keeping it informed in the event of an emergency (paragraphs 7.1). • Arrangements for warning and informing the public complement emergency planning arrangements (paragraphs 7.26). • Category 1 responders need both to plan their communications and to test their communications arrangements to ensure they are effective (paragraphs 7.28). • In the same way that Category 1 responders must ensure that their emergency plans are appropriate for the scale and type of risks involved, communications arrangements should be appropriate for the message and the targeted audience (paragraphs 7.32). • WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 7.1. There are two aspects of the duty in relation to communicating with the public. The first is that the public be made aware of the risks of emergencies and how Category 1 responders are prepared to deal with them if they occur. The second is that arrangements are made to warn the public and that the public be provided with information and advice as necessary if an emergency is likely to occur or has occurred. Arrange for the publication of assessments and plans 7.2. The duties to assess risks and to prepare plans (covered in Chapter 4) are followed by a further duty on Category 1 responders to arrange for the publication of all or part of risk assessments and plans they have made, where publication is necessary or desirable to prevent, reduce, control, mitigate or take other action in connection with an emergency. 1 7.3. Arranging for publication means that the Category 1 responders do not necessarily have to publish these documents themselves but they must arrange for them to be published. 7.4. The duty is not necessarily to arrange to publish the whole