be appointed to support the investigation and identification process. Anatomical pathology technologist The anatomical pathology technologist (APT) has an important role in the mass fatality incident. They should be familiar with the mortuary environment, as well as the procedures and risks there. The APT assists pathologists at the post-mortem examination and assists police during the DVI process. They are experienced in handling bodies and removing clothing and other items during strip and search. APTs are also skilled in reconciling body parts and reconstructing the deceased. They prepare the deceased for viewing and release the bodies at the end of the DVI process. Local authorities Local authorities may have agreements with private sector organisations to support the response to a mass fatality incident. Any such arrangements should be incorporated into local or regional mass fatality plans. Local authorities are responsible for providing: an executive officer to attend the SCG a suitably desingated officer to support the MFCG immediate shelter and welfare support for survivors at a survivor reception centre emergency mortuary capability if existing mortuary provision is exceeded inspection of dangerous structures to ensure they are safe for emergency personnel to enter support for traffic management emergency transport facilities for evacuees, survivors and casualties medium-to-long-term welfare of survivors and the bereaved (for example, setting up survivor reception centres, evacuation and humanitarian assistance centres, and social care support) specialist environmental and public health advice coordination of activities of involved voluntary sector agencies and spontaneous volunteers facilities for waste disposal and facilitation of remediation and reoccupation of affected sites or areas assistance in organising plant, demolition and site clearance facilities and emergency accommodation and care for the displaced or homeless Multi-agency partners Various agencies and organisations (private and voluntary) may be involved in the response to a mass fatality incident. Each agency’s level of involvement is determined by the incident’s scale and nature. Each local resilience forum (LRF) has plans and arrangements in place for dealing with mass fatality incidents. The multi-agency response will follow the Joint Emergency Services Interoperability Principles (JESIP). Co-location Communication Coordination Joint understanding of risk Shared situational awareness Further information can be found at JESIP. Agencies that may be involved in the response to a mass fatality incident in the UK and abroad include the following. Home Office and Cabinet Office LRFs Local authorities Fire and rescue services Department of Health and Social Care and the NHS Ministry of Defence Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO) UK National Disaster Victim Identification Unit (UK DVI) National Police Coordination Centre (NPoCC) Health and Safety Executive (HSE) Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) Maritime and Coastguard Agency INTERPOL Private sector organisations Voluntary sectors Fire and rescue services The role of fire and rescue services in an emergency or major incident is to rescue those trapped by fire, wreckage or debris. They may also support recovering deceased persons and human remains. Fire and rescue services have an urban search and rescue (USAR) capability. They