licence to: transfer section 5 weapons to a di?erent legal entity or organisation - for example, to loan to another museum dispose of section 5 weapons ItÕs free to apply for a section 5 authority. Who can apply You can only apply for a museum licence if youÕre: maintained by Parliament or local government accredited by the Museum, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA) or Arts Council England and Wales Non-accredited, privately funded and private collections cannot apply for this licence. YouÕll need to apply for a firearm or shotgun certificate. What happens next We will review your application and contact you if we need more information. We will also carry out certain checks, including inspecting any storage arrangements. For more information, view chapter 17 of the g uide on Firearms Licensing Law. To renew a section 5 authority, you must apply at least 4 months before your current licence expires. This is because the Home O?ce will need to contact the police before considering the application. If your firearms application is approved We consider each case in its own merit. If your licence is approved, you will receive an email with instructions for payment. We will not issue your licence until the fee is paid. Once you have paid, the licence will be sent electronically by email. If you cancel your application We consider how much to charge for cancellations case by case. You may be charged administration, travel or accommodation costs if you cancel your application: following a police inspection after you receive an outcome We may also ask for our administrative costs to be paid within 10 working days. Contact the Drugs and Firearms Licensing Unit (DFLU) Firearms enquiries Email public.enquiries@homeo?ce.gov.uk for queries about UK firearms legislation and other firearms questions. Firearms applications For application queries, email dflu.firearmslicensing@homeo?ce.gov.uk. Fees For queries about firearms licensing fees, invoices and billing, email dflu.fees@homeo?ce.gov.uk. Customer complaints Email dflu.complaints@homeo?ce.gov.uk for complaints about firearms licences. Before you email the DFLU, you should try to resolve any issues with the firearms team directly using the other contact details above. You can contact the Home O?ce by telephone on 0300 105 0248. Published 19 September 2017 Last updated 25 November 2024 + show all updates Explore the topic Policing Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home O?ce Guidance Approval of rifle and muzzle- loading pistol clubs Updated 28 March 2024 Crown copyright 2024 is publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where herwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government- ence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy