to make a report if I am 100% certain that FGM has been carried out? No. The duty is limited to ÔknownÕ cases (i.e. those which are visually identified or disclosed to a professional by the victim Ð see section 2.1 for more information), but this does not mean that you must be 100% certain that FGM has been carried out or that a clinical diagnosis must have taken place prior to a report being made. You are not required to ÔverifyÕ that FGM has occurred in order for the duty to apply and a report to be made. Whether the girl needs to be referred for a diagnosis will be considered as part of the subsequent multi-agency response. The duty applies to my profession and I do volunteer work with children. When volunteering, a girl has disclosed that she has had FGM. Am I required to report under the duty? The duty only applies to cases discovered by a relevant professional in the course of the professional work. It therefore does not apply to cases a relevant professional discovers outside of their professional work, and this includes volunteer work. If you discover a case in your capacity as a volunteer, you should ensure that you follow appropriate safeguarding procedures (in line with the organisationÕs processes) and any wider safeguarding responsibilities which apply to your profession. I have identified a case but the victim is over 18, what should I do? The duty does not apply in cases where the woman is over 18 at the time of the disclosure/discovery of FGM (even if she was under 18 when the FGM was carried out). Whatever an individualÕs circumstances, they have rights which should always be respected, such as the right to personal safety and to be given accurate information about their rights and choices. Professionals should listen to the victim and respect their wishes whenever possible. However, there may be times when a victim wants to take a course of action that may put them at risk Ð in these circumstances, professionals should explain the potential outcomes and risks to the victim and take the necessary adult protection precautions, including signposting her to health services which will be able to consider any additional support needed. Professionals should also be clear that FGM is a criminal offence in the UK and must not be permitted or condoned. They should consider whether there are others in the family who may be at risk. Further guidance on handling adult cases is available in the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. I have become aware that FGM has been carried out on a girl under 18, but I know that another person in my profession has already referred this case to the police. Am I required to make another report to the police? If you are aware that a report to the police in connection with the same act of FGM has already been made by someone from your profession, the duty does not apply