child on the date on which the person receives notification of the adoption agency's decision. "Placed for adoption" means placed for adoption under UK adoption laws, including placement with a local authority foster parent who is also a prospective adopter ("foster to adopt"). "Official notification" means written notification, issued by or on behalf of the relevant central authority, that it is prepared to issue a certificate to the overseas authority concerned with the adoption of a child from overseas, or that it has issued a certificate and sent it to that authority, confirming, in either case, that the adopter is eligible to adopt, and has been assessed and approved as being a suitable adoptive parent. 7.22 Scope of Policy This policy applies in relation to individuals of the organisation, whether you are the adopter or the partner. If it is the adopter who is employed by the organisation, your partner must (where relevant) submit any notifications to take shared parental leave set out in this policy to their own employer, which may have its own shared parental leave policy in place if you want to take a period of shared parental leave. Similarly, if it is the partner who is employed by the organisation, the adopter must (where relevant) submit any notifications to their own employer. You should both ensure that you are each liaising with your own employer to ensure that requests for shared parental leave are handled as smoothly as possible. 7.23 Leave Entitlement The amount of shared parental leave to which you are entitled will depend on when the adoption leave period is brought to an end and the amount of leave that the other adoptive parent takes in respect of the child. The same rules apply for when and how you may take this leave as explained in Section 40 of this policy document. A maximum of three requests for leave per adoption placement (regardless of the number of children who are placed as part of that placement) can normally be made by each adoptive parent. You can begin a period of shared parental leave at any time from the date on which the child is placed for adoption (for adoptions from overseas, at any time from the date on which the child enters Great Britain) or, where more than one child is placed for adoption through a single placement, the date of placement of the first child (for adoptions from overseas, at any time from the date on which the first child enters Great Britain). However, you should bear in mind that your partner will lose their entitlement to take up to two weeks' paternity leave following the adoption of your child if shared parental leave is taken first. The individual must take any shared parental leave within 52 weeks of the date on which the child is placed for adoption (for adoptions from overseas, within 52 weeks of the date on which the child enters Great Britain). 7.24 Eligibility For you to be eligible