the local police force, or potentially the YOT in the case of a 14 to 17 year old, has agreed to enforce compliance, including by informing the applicant of any suspected breach. 6.3.1. Risk assessment The aim of a gang injunction is to prevent an individual from engaging in, encouraging or assisting gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing; and/or to protect an individual from gang- related violence or gang-related drug dealing. Given this, it is essential for applicants to consider whether any of the proposed prohibitions or requirements may compromise the safety of the respondent and their family, partner(s), or associates. For example, if a respondent is subject to a curfew or required to avoid contact with an individual, it is possible that this might present a risk to either the safety of the respondent or the individual in that it might remove them from the ÔprotectionÕ offered by their gang against violence from rival gang members. This does not automatically mean that such a condition should not be included as the risk of violence to the respondent and the wider community of not doing so may be greater, but that it is good practice for applicants to carry out a full assessment of the risks to the respondent, their family, partner(s) or associates posed by any of the proposed terms of the injunction and put in place measures to address these. Further information on potential risks to female respondents, family members and associates is included in Sections 4 and 5. 16 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 6.3.2. Promoting access to health and social care services If an applicant has reason to believe that the respondent has substance misuse or mental health problems, an autistic spectrum disorder or any other health condition, applicants should promote their access to the relevant health and social care services in order that the respondent receives the support that they need. The process of helping the respondent to access this support should run in parallel with the collection of evidence for an injunction application. This helps the court to ensure community safety through the most appropriate response to the respondentÕs behaviour. The Children and Families Act 2014 has replaced statements of Special Educational Needs and Learning Difficulty Assessment with education, health and care (EHC) plans from September 2014. EHC plans assess a young personÕs needs in a person-centred, coherent way across education, health and care services and will focus on positive outcomes. This includes planning for the transition into post-16 education. The Act also gives new rights to young people with Special Educational Needs, and places new duties on local authorities and the further education sector to support such young people. Where there is evidence of Special Educational Needs and/or an EHC Plan is already in existence, it is expected that this information will be collected and considered within the injunction application. 6.3.3. Confidentiality It is good practice for all partners attending consultation meetings to be made aware that