or set specific targets in strengthening local resilience through multi-agency collaboration. 11.1. Joint Emergency Services Group 11.26. The Joint Emergency Services Group brings together all the emergency services and armed forces in Wales to consider how to meet their duties collectively under the Act, and how to take forward their contribution to civil protection in Wales. The group has jointly funded the post of an Emergency Services Civil Contingencies Co-ordinator for Wales, to co-ordinate the work of the emergency services in all aspects of civil protection. Welsh Borders Resilience Group 11.27. To facilitate co-operation and information sharing between Wales and the border areas of England, a group has been formed which brings together the Welsh Government with the Department for Communities and Local Government, Resilience Emergency Division (DCLG (RED)). The group meets on a regular basis to discuss issues of mutual interest in civil contingencies and to help foster links at both the regional and local levels. Welsh Government Civil Contingencies Group 11.28. In recognition of its functional responsibilities and its territorial role, the Welsh Government has adopted a collegiate approach to civil protection in Wales. The Welsh Government has established a Civil Contingencies Group (CCG), led by a Director-General, dedicated to supporting multi-agency co-operation in Wales and engaging with the UK Government on all issues relating to civil protection and emergency preparedness. This CCG is supplemented by a wide variety of subject matter experts, based on the Welsh GovernmentÕs functional responsibilities, who support planning and response arrangements in Wales. For example, such support is provided by the Health Emergency Planning Unit and specialists in environmental 11.1. health, health, environmental science, animal health, and flood and coastal erosion risk management. This approach ensures that the Welsh Government is well placed to support Category 1 responders on civil protection matters and on specific resilience issues. Welsh Government Emergencies Branch 11.29. The Welsh GovernmentÕs Emergencies Branch works in partnership with Category 1 and 2 responders and other organisations engaged in civil protection in Wales. The Branch fosters and maintains links with emergency planners in local authorities, emergency services and utilities companies, in order to co-ordinate civil protection planning in Wales. It also maintains links with UK Government Departments and other devolved administrations to share best practice and undertake joint-working. 11.30. To maintain the Welsh GovernmentÕs co-ordination role the Branch provides the secretariat support to the Wales Resilience Forum, the Wales Resilience Partnership Team and various pan-Wales sub-groups. 11.1. Chapter 12 Northern Ireland Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme October 2011 Chapter 12 (Northern Ireland) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 12.1. The duties in the Act apply only to a limited number of organisations which deliver functions that are not transferred or which were not transferred at the time the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 was made. These organisations are: o the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) (included as a Category 1 responder); o the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) (included as a