2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 259 A byelaw is a “listed byelaw” for the purposes of sub-paragraph (3)(e) if, at the time the CSO or CSV requires a person to give his or her name and address— it is a byelaw which has been made by a relevant body with authority to make byelaws for any place within the relevant police area, and it is included in the list of byelaws published for the purposes of this paragraph by the chief officer of police for the relevant police area. A byelaw may be included in the list of byelaws published for the purposes of this paragraph only if the chief officer of police and the relevant body which made the byelaw agree that it should be included. The chief officer of police for the relevant police area must publish the list in such a way as to bring it to the attention of members of the public in localities where the byelaws in the list apply. The list of byelaws published for the purposes of this paragraph may be amended from time to time by agreement between the chief officer of police and the relevant body, by adding byelaws to it or removing byelaws from it. Where the list of byelaws is amended, the amended list must be published by the chief officer as mentioned in sub-paragraph (8). In sub-paragraphs (5), (6) and (8), “relevant body” means— in England, a county council, a district council, a London borough council or a parish council; in Wales, a county council, a county borough council or a community council; the Greater London Authority; Transport for London; an Integrated Transport Authority for an integrated transport area in England; a combined authority established under section 103 of the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009; a body specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. Regulations under sub-paragraph (10)(g) may provide, in relation to any body specified in the regulations, that the agreement mentioned in sub-paragraph (6) or (8) is to be made between the chief officer and the Secretary of State (rather than between the chief officer and the relevant body). In the case of a relevant offence that is an offence under a listed byelaw (see sub-paragraphs (3)(e) and (5)), the power to impose a requirement under sub- paragraph (1) is exercisable only in a place to which the byelaw relates. In its application in relation to an offence in respect of which the CSO or CSV is authorised to give a penalty notice under section 444A of the Education Act 1996 (penalty notice in respect of failure to secure regular attendance at school of registered pupil), sub-paragraph (1)(a) of this paragraph has effect as if the words “in the relevant police area” were omitted. In this paragraph, “specified