is in place for victims who have experienced abortion or other perinatal loss. Guidelines from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists recommend that healthcare services should identify issues such as domestic abuse among women seeking abortion and refer them to appropriate support services. See the ‘Health’ section for further information about the role of health professionals including in exercising their professional curiosity and reaching out to pregnant women to offer support in relation to domestic abuse. Religion or belief Victims who follow a religion or are from faith backgrounds may experience additional barriers to receiving help or reporting abuse due to issues with accessing support related to their religious identity and their faith group. They might fear their faith being misunderstood or have concerns around whether they will be believed. For the year ending March 2020, those reporting their religion as Buddhist, or an ‘Other’ religion not listed (9.6% and 9.1% respectively) were more likely to report domestic abuse within the last year. This compares to 6.4% of those with no religion, 4.8% of Christians, 3.7% of Muslims, and 3.2% of Hindus.122 Specialist services should seek to understand the varying manifestations of domestic abuse relating to faith and how a mix of culture, religious tradition and holy scripture can be used as tools of abuse by perpetrators.123 120 Hall M, Chappell, LC, Parnell. BL, Seed, PT, Bewley, S. Associations between intimate partner violence and termination of pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis. PLOS Medicine: 2014;11(1):e1001581. 121 Gulliver, P, Fanslow, J. Exploring risk factors for suicidal ideation in a population-based sample of New Zealand women who have experienced intimate partner violence. Aust NZ J Public Health 37: 2013; (6):527-33. 122 ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2020. 123 An example of such practice includes the Faith and VAWG coalition, a partnership of organisations across the VAG sector and faith communities, centering the experiences of victims of faith in their work: Home - Faith and VAWG Coalition. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance It is important that specialist services communicate their understanding of a victim’s religion to ensure they feel emotionally safe and supported. Support services should be aware that a lack of understanding of different experiences and needs can lead to silencing victims from faith backgrounds and reinforce barriers to receiving support from agencies such as the police, courts, social care, and housing. See the 'Abuse relating to faith' section for further detail in ‘Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic Abuse’. Race and ethnicity Victims from ethnic minority backgrounds may experience additional barriers to identifying, disclosing, seeking help or reporting abuse. This may include: A distrust of the police and other statutory agencies; Suspicion towards the police due to lack of perceived or real support for their community historically and/or currently; Concerns about racism and fear of racial stereotyping; Fears about immigration and/or asylum status and risk of deportation; Language and cultural barriers; Being disproportionately impacted by certain forms of