Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 159 SCHEDULE 2 Section 2 CHIEF CONSTABLES Introduction 1 This Schedule applies to the chief constables established under section 2. Status, name etc 2 A chief constable is a corporation sole. 3 The name of the chief constable for a police force is Òthe Chief Constable ofÓ with the addition of the name of the police force. Civilian staff 4 (1) The chief constable of a police force must appoint a person to be responsible for the proper administration of the police force's financial affairs (referred to in this Part as the police force's chief finance officer). (2) The chief constable of a police force may appoint such other staff as the chief constable thinks appropriateÑ (a) to enable the chief constable to exercise the chief constable's functions, or (b) otherwise to assist the relevant police force. (a) 160 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Chief constables Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) Section 113 of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 applies to the chief finance officer of a chief constable as it applies to the persons having responsibility for the administration of financial affairs mentioned in that section. 5 (1) A chief constable must appoint a qualified person to act as chief finance officer, if and for as long asÑ (a) that post is vacant, or (b) the holder of that post is, in the chief constable's opinion, unable to carry out the duties of that post. (2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) a person is qualified to be appointed to act as chief finance officer if that person is qualified to be appointed to the post under paragraph 4. (3) A reference in any enactment to the police force's chief finance officer includes a reference to a person acting as chief finance officer in accordance with sub- paragraph (1). Remuneration etc of staff 6 (1) A chief constable may pay remuneration, allowances and gratuities to the members of the police force's civilian staff. (2) A chief constable may payÑ (a) pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the police force's civilian staff, and (b) amounts for or towards provision of pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the police force's civilian staff. (3) In this paragraph ÒallowancesÓ, in relation to a member of a police force's civilian staff, means allowances in respect of expenses incurred by the member of staff in the course of employment as such a member of staff. Incidental powers 7 (1) A chief constable may do anything which is calculated to facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the exercise of the functions of chief constable. (2) That includesÑ (2) Police Reform and