Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) report and what action (if any) the chief officer of police proposes to take in consequence of it. (1D) The consideration and decision-making must be concluded not later than the end of the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which copies of the report are sent. (1E) As soon as practicable after the elected local policing body, or the chief officer of police, has concluded the consideration of the chief finance officer's report, that body or chief officer must prepare a report which specifiesÑ (a) what action (if any) that body or chief officer has taken in response to the report; (b) what action (if any) that body or chief officer proposes to take in response to the report; and (c) the reasons for taking the action specified in the report or, as the case may be, for taking no action. (1F) As soon as practicable after the elected local policing body has prepared a report under subsection (1E), the elected local policing body must arrange for a copy of the report to be sent toÑ (a) the chief finance officer; (b) the person who at the time the report is made has the duty to audit the elected local policing body's accounts; and (c) each member of the police and crime panel for the police area for which the elected local policing body is established. (1G) As soon as practicable after the chief officer of police has prepared a report under subsection (1E), the chief officer of police must arrange for a copy of the report to be sent toÑ (a) the chief finance officer; (b) the person who at the time the report is made has the duty to audit the chief officer's accounts; and (c) the elected local policing body which maintains the police force in which the chief officer serves.Ó. (3) In subsection (2), at the beginning insert Ò In the case of any authority other than an elected local policing body or a chief officer of police, Ó. (4) In subsection (9), after ÒsubsectionÓ insert Ò (1B), (1C) or Ó. (5) In subsection (10), after ÒIf subsectionÓ insert Ò (1B), (1C) Ó. (6) In subsection (11), for Òat the meetingÓ substitute Ò under subsection (1B), (1C) or (2) Ó. 190 (1) Section 116 (information about meetings) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In the title, for ÒmeetingsÓ substitute Ò consideration of reports etc Ó. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 295 (3) After subsection (2A) insertÑ Ò(2B) In the case of an elected local policing body, the chief finance officer of that body must notify the body's auditor of any