the power conferred by sub-paragraph (2), the CSO or CSV seizes and retains a controlled drug, the CSO or CSV mustÑ (a) if the person from whom it was seized maintains that he or she was lawfully in possession of it, tell the person where inquiries about its recovery may be made, and (b) comply with a constable's instructions about what to do with it. (5) A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed under sub-paragraph (3) is guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (6) In this paragraph, Òcontrolled drugÓ has the same meaning as in the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. Powers to seize and detain: psychoactive substances 6 (1) A CSO or CSV may exercise the powers conferred by sub-paragraph (2) or (3) in the relevant police area. (2) If the CSO or CSVÑ (a) finds a psychoactive substance in a person's possession (whether or not the CSO or CSV finds it in the course of searching the person in the exercise of a power or duty conferred or imposed by his or her designation under section 38), and (b) reasonably believes that it is unlawful for the person to be in possession of it, the CSO or CSV may seize it and retain it. (3) If the CSO or CSVÑ (a) eitherÑ (i) finds a psychoactive substance in a person's possession (as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(a)), or (ii) reasonably believes that a person is in possession of a psychoactive substance, and (b) reasonably believes that it is unlawful for the person to be in possession of it, the CSO or CSV may require the person to give the CSO or CSV his or her name and address. (4) If, in exercise of the power conferred by sub-paragraph (2), the CSO or CSV seizes and retains a psychoactive substance, the CSO or CSV mustÑ (a) if the person from whom it was seized maintains that he or she was lawfully in possession of itÑ (a) 262 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C Ð Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) tell the person where inquiries about its recovery may be made, and (ii) explain the effect of sections 49 to 51 and 53 of the Psychoactive Substances Act 2016 (retention and disposal of items), and (b) comply with a constable's instructions about what to do with it. (5) Any substance seized in exercise of the power conferred by sub-paragraph (2) is to be