of security staff and/or the security of storage facilities. 15.4 In exceptional circumstances, and in the interest of the personal safety of an individual, access to lawfully held property, for example, medication or personal items left in a seized vehicle should be made available to the individual. 15.5 A record should be made of the grounds for denying any such request. 16 Other persons 16.1 Anyone accompanying an authorised person under their authority onto premises should be encouraged to abide by this Code as a matter of best practice. The authorised person should ensure that he/she has the right to take that person on to the premises before doing so. 17 Conduct 17.1 Where a power of entry is exercised without the consent of an occupier an authorised person should identify themselves clearly to the landowner or occupier (where present) by showing his/her authorisation or other means of formal identification (except in situations where the safety of authorised personnel would be compromised by doing so), disclose their authority to exercise the power of entry and explain clearly the purpose of the visit. When requested to do so, he/she should: • give his/her name and the name of his/her organisation; and • provide an official contact address and telephone number. 17.2 Whilst exercising powers an authorised person should: • not exercise any powers other than those granted under legislation; • comply with the requirements under relevant legislation including relevant safeguards; • exercise their powers reasonably and courteously and with respect for persons and property; • be impartial and fair at all times; • comply with any restrictions on seizure e.g. legally privileged material; • • only use reasonable force where this is expressly permitted under the legislation that provides the power of entry and before doing so be satisfied that it is both necessary and proportionate in the circumstances and • be clear about what associated powers may be exercised (such as powers to inspect, search, seize or survey) and exercise those legally and fairly. 17.3 In many cases powers to search for evidence of an offence will be subject to PACE Code B however where powers to search are subject to this Code premises should be searched only to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose of the search. In particular: • The search should no longer continue once the object of that search has been achieved or it is clear that whatever is sought is not on the premises. • Searches should be conducted with due consideration for the property and privacy of the occupier with no more disturbance than is necessary. • When reasonable force is lawfully permitted it may be used only when justified and because the co-operation of the occupier cannot be obtained or is insufficient for the purpose. In all cases where a power authorises the use of force, only the minimum force necessary to achieve the purposes of the power may be used. • When only one person is present on the premises at