Deputy Commissioner or the chief constable of the force in question to retire or to resign, the Secretary of State shall— give the officer concerned a notice in writing— informing him of the Secretary of State’s intention to require the exercise of that power; and explaining the Secretary of State’s grounds for requiring the exercise of that power; and give that officer an opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State. (2A) Where the Secretary of State gives a notice under subsection (2)(a), he shall send a copy of the notice to the Metropolitan Police Authority or other police authority concerned. (2B) The Secretary of State shall consider any representations made to him under subsection (2).” In subsection (3) (inquiries), for the words from the beginning to “subsection (1)” there shall be substituted— “(3) Where the Secretary of State proposes to require the exercise of a power mentioned in subsection (1), he”. After subsection (3) there shall be inserted— “(3A) At an inquiry held under subsection (3)— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 85 Part 3 – Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable in question shall be entitled, in accordance with any regulations under section 42A, to make representations to the inquiry; the Metropolitan Police Authority or, as the case may be, the police authority concerned shall be entitled, in accordance with any regulations made under section 42A, to make representations to the inquiry. (3B) The entitlement of the Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable in question to make representations shall include the entitlement to make them in person.” In subsection (4) (expenses of inquiry), for the words “a chief constable, deputy chief constable or assistant chief constable” there shall be substituted “ the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or a chief constable ”. After subsection (4) there shall be inserted— “(4A) If the Secretary of State exercises the power conferred by subsection (1) in relation to the Commissioner or the Deputy Commissioner or a chief constable, the Metropolitan Police Authority or other police authority concerned— shall not be required to seek the Secretary of State’s approval before calling upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or chief constable in question, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign; and shall not be required to give the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or the chief constable a written explanation of the authority’s grounds for calling upon him to retire or to resign, to