their performance on resolving complaints. In September 2020 the Memorandum of Understanding15 between the two organisations was broadened, setting out how this co-operation and joint working takes place. 15 https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/MOU-Ombudsman-and-Regulator-20200901.pdf 32 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 45. We will formalise and further strengthen the relationship between the Regulator of Social Housing and the Housing Ombudsman by introducing a statutory requirement for both bodies to co-operate with each other in undertaking their responsibilities. This will complement proposals to ensure effective co-operation between the regulator and the Building Safety Regulator on matters of building safety. We will also bring forward legislation to require the Regulator of Social Housing and Housing Ombudsman to prepare and regularly review their Memorandum of Understanding. Stronger co-operation between the regulator and Housing Ombudsman. 46. To make best use of the experience and expertise of the Housing Ombudsman and the regulator we will make the Housing Ombudsman a statutory consultee for any proposal concerning changes to the Regulator of Social HousingÕs economic and consumer standards. This will ensure the Housing Ombudsman has the opportunity to understand and shape future regulatory changes to support joint working. Likewise, we will make the Regulator of Social Housing a statutory consultee for any changes to the Housing Ombudsman Scheme. 47. The Building Safety Bill sets out that both the regulator and the Housing Ombudsman will have a power for reciprocal information sharing and a reciprocal duty of cooperation with the Building Safety Regulator covering higher-risk residential buildings. This will enable both of these organisations to work together with the Building Safety Regulator on areas of common interest to support each other in the delivery of their relevant functions or in issuing joint guidance to help explain their different but linked roles and responsibilities. The Housing Ombudsman will engage with residents directly 48. It is important that residents can be confident in using the Housing Ombudsman Service when they need to, including those who might be isolated or vulnerable. We welcome the Housing Ombudsman ServiceÕs engagement activity, which includes a feedback group for residents to share their experiences of the Service face to face with the Housing Ombudsman. The Housing Ombudsman Service hosted weekly webinars open to residents and landlords over the summer of 2020 on the new Housing Ombudsman Scheme and Complaint Handling Code. It will organise virtual ÔMeet the OmbudsmanÕ events to coincide with the publication of quarterly insight reports, providing information on complaints data, learning points and case studies. A new Resident Panel to seek views and obtain feedback is planned from February 2021. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 33 Chapter 4: To be treated with respect, backed by a strong consumer regulator for tenants 34 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Regulation has supported the expansion of housing associations since the 1970s, ensuring that they are financially robust. It has been key to the success story of housing associations becoming the main