the relevant authority for the purposes of subsection (2A) of that section were the Service Authority for that Squad; and the reference in subsection (2A)(c) of that section to police purposes were a reference to the purposes of that Squad.” In section (2) of that Act (regulations), for subsection (2B) there shall be substituted— “(2B) The relevant authority for the purposes of subsection (2A) is the police authority.” Part 5 The Ministry of Defence Police Ministry of Defence police serving with other forces After section 2A of the Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 (c. 4) (provision of assistance to other forces) there shall be inserted— “2B Constables serving with other forces This section applies where a member of the Ministry of Defence Police serves with a relevant force under arrangements made between the chief officer of that force and the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police. The member of the Ministry of Defence Police— shall be under the direction and control of the chief officer of the relevant force; and shall have the same powers and privileges as a member of that force. In this section— “British Transport Police Force” has the same meaning as in section 2 above; “chief officer” means— any chief officer of police of a police force for a police area in Great Britain; the chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland; the Director General of the National Criminal Intelligence Service; the Director General of the National Crime Squad; 128 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 – The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; or the chief constable of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Constabulary; “relevant force” means— any police force for a police area in Great Britain; the Police Service of Northern Ireland; the National Criminal Intelligence Service; the National Crime Squad; the British Transport Police Force; or the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Constabulary; “United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Constabulary” has the same meaning as in section 2 above.” Disciplinary matters After section 3 of the Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 (c. 4) there shall be inserted— “3A Regulations relating to disciplinary matters The Secretary of State shall by regulations made by statutory instrument establish, or make provision for the establishment of, procedures for cases in which a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may be dealt with by suspension, dismissal, requirement to resign, reduction in rank, reduction in rate of pay, fine,