any one or more of the grounds for appeal set out in regulation 14 of the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Civil Penalties: Keepers) (England) Regulations 2018; and b. if a representation is rejected by the enforcing authority, the individual may appeal against the Notice of Rejection to an independent adjudicator Representations 11N.24 Representations must be made in writing. The Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018 set out 12 formal grounds on which representations may be made. 11N.25 A person to whom a penalty notice is given may make written representations to the litter authority if it appears to the person that one or more of the following grounds apply: A. Ground A is that the littering offence in question did not occur. 16 http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2018/171/contents/made B. Ground B is that the person became the keeper of the vehicle after the littering offence occurred. C. Ground C is that the person had disposed of the vehicle to another person before the littering offence occurred. D. Ground D is that the vehicle was a stolen vehicle when the littering offence occurred. E. Ground E is that the person; • was engaged in the hiring of vehicles at the time of the littering offence, and • was not the keeper of the vehicle at that time by virtue of a vehicle hire agreement F. Ground F is that the person was not the keeper of the vehicle for a reason not mentioned in grounds B to E. G. Ground G is that the litter authority was not authorised to give the person a penalty notice. H. Ground H is that the person is not liable to pay the fixed penalty by virtue of regulation 12 (Public service vehicles and licensed taxis etc.). I. Ground I is that liability to pay the fixed penalty has been discharged in the circumstances set out in regulation 13 (Discharge of liability where action taken again person who littered). J. Ground J is that the fixed penalty exceeds the amount payable under these Regulations. K. Ground K is that the litter authority has failed to observe any requirement imposed on it in relation to the imposition or recovery of the fixed penalty. L. Ground L is that there are compelling reasons why, in the particular circumstances of the case, the penalty notice should be cancelled (whether or not any of grounds A to K apply).17 11N.26 Litter authorities must consider any representations made on these grounds. The litter authority should acknowledge receipt of the representation and explain the process, including what supporting evidence must be supplied, and when a decision notice will be dispatched. 17 Regulation 14 11N.27 The litter authority should consider representations as quickly as possible and serve notice of its decision on the person making the representations, within a maximum of 56 days of the service of the representations, whether or not it accepts that the ground in question has been established. 11N.28 A litter authority which accepts a representation must