application (approved or denied), the gifts and hospitality register MUST still be completed. This is to identify potential corrupters of police officers and staff, i.e. persons who make multiple offers to multiple officers/staff. Where the motivation of the donor of a gift or hospitality could be seen as sexual or in pursuit of an inappropriate relationship, it does not apply where the gift or hospitality itself is a sexual act or advance. The Gifts and Hospitality register is not the appropriate process to use in such instances as the register is disclosable to the general public. Also, the individual member of Wiltshire Police concerned could be caused significant embarrassment as the register may be viewed by other members of the Force. As such an instance would be an overt and direct risk to the integrity of the Force and the individual, the subject personnel must inform their line management without delay so that any immediate risk to the individual and other personnel can be assessed. A detailed report must then be made to CCU as soon as practicable. 2.2 Authorisation Initial authorisation should be obtained prior to the acceptance of gifts and hospitality wherever possible from a line manager of at least the rank of Inspector or Police Staff equivalent. In urgent cases where authorisation cannot be obtained through the Inspector or Police Staff equivalent, approval may be sought from a line manager of at least the rank of Sergeant or Police Staff equivalent. In all cases, the forms must still be completed and submitted to the Counter Corruption Unit for authorisation. Table of contents 2.3 The Gifts & Hospitality Register The detail that is required to be recorded on the register application is: • Recipient, RecipientÕs department and Line Manager. • Gift/Hospitality description • Details • Value • Date of Offer • Donor Details • Circumstances • Genuine • Independent • Free • Transparent • Accepted or Declined • Authorising Officer • Disposal/Current Location CCU management nominated by the Head of Professional Standards will maintain the central register for all gifts and hospitality and make the final decision to approve or decline applications. CCU will monitor the register to identify potential threats to the integrity of the Force and its employees from unscrupulous or criminal individuals or groups. The Gifts and Hospitality Register is open to public review to ensure transparency and maintain the integrity of the Force and its employees. 2.4 ApplicantsÕ guidance Although many of the fields requiring completion in the Gifts Register are self-explanatory, the guidance below may assist the application process: Gift/Hospitality description: This should be a simple overall description of what was received. For example: Box of chocolates and a card. Details: A detailed description is required, including (if applicable) quantities, etc. Value: Approximate value should be recorded if the full value is not known. Donor Details: As much detail as possible should be entered here regarding the person(s) who made the offer of a gift or hospitality. Circumstances: The applicant should record sufficient