OF ANIMALS (in their duties with *hunt/association3). • The *calibre *PISTOL/REVOLVER, SOUND MODERATOR and ammunition shall be used (only) in connection with the HUMANE KILLING OF HORSES at * racecourse3 whilst a member of the ARVS. 3 Insert name of hunt/association or racecourse. 214 7. Slaughtering Guide on Firearms Licensing Law • The *calibre *SLAUGHTERING INSTRUMENT and ammunition shall be used only for the SLAUGHTER OF ANIMALS. The holder is authorised to hire or borrow an additional slaughtering instrument in the event that the instrument to which this certificate relates is not available for use. 8. Expanding Ammunition for pistols • The certificate holder may possess, purchase or acquire expanding ammunition, or the missiles for such ammunition, in *calibre authorised by this certificate and for use only in connection with: (a) the lawful shooting of deer; (b) the shooting of vermin or, in connection with the management of any estate, other wildlife; (c) the humane killing of animals; (d) the shooting of animals for the protection of other animals or humans. 9. Target Shooting • The *calibre *RIFLE/MUZZLE-LOADING PISTOL/REVOLVER and ammunition shall be used for target shooting, and only whilst a member of *club4, on ranges which are legally and safely constructed and maintained. 10. Target Shooting Ð Club Guns • The *firearm and ammunition shall be used for target shooting, and only whilst a member of *club4, and only on ranges suitable for the safe use of that class of firearm and with adequate financial arrangements in place to meet any injury or damage claim. 11. Target Shooting Ð Shot guns • The SMOOTH-BORE GUN/SOLID SLUG shall be used for practical target shooting: (a) The smoothbore gun(s) to which this certificate relates shall be used for target shooting on land or ranges where the holder has lawful authority to shoot (provided that adequate financial arrangements are in place to meet any injury or damage claim), for disciplines and courses of fire approved by the BWSS or NRA or NTSA or UKPSA. (a) Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (b) The solid slug ammunition to which this certificate relates shall be used for target shooting on ranges where the holder has lawful authority to shoot provided that adequate financial arrangements are in place to meet any injury or damage claim. Automatic Condition for Section 1 Shot guns for Clay Pigeon Shooting (once Ògood reasonÓ for possession has been demonstrated) • The *calibre SMOOTH-BORE GUN may also be used for CLAY PIGEON SHOOTING. 12. Target Shooting Ð Section 1 Air Rifles • The *calibre *AIR RIFLE shall be used on ranges which are legally and safely constructed and maintained. 13. Firearms of Historical Importance ÒSmall firearmsÓ held under section 7(1) • A firearm identified by an asterisk in Part 1 or Part 2 of the certificate must be possessed, purchased or acquired by the holder of the certificate only for the purpose of its being kept or exhibited as part of a collection. Notwithstanding prescribed condition (4), it is at all times