a plan setting out medium and long term strategies for the policing of the authorityÕs area during that period must have beenÑ (a) prepared by the chief officer of police of the police force maintained by that authority; and (b) submitted by him to the police authority for its consideration. (3) In preparing the draft plan, the chief officer of police of a police force shall have regard to the views, obtained in accordance with arrangements under section 96, of people in the police area in question. (4) A police authority which has issued a three-year strategy plan for any period may modify that plan at any time during that period. (5) It shall be the duty, in issuing, preparing or modifying a three-year strategy plan or a draft of such a plan, of every police authority or chief officer of police to have regard to the National Policing Plan in force at that time. (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 137 (6) The Secretary of State Ñ (a) shall issue guidance to police authorities and chief officers of police as to the matters to be contained in any three-year strategy plan, and as to the form to be taken by any such plan; and (b) may from time to time revise and modify that guidance; and it shall be the duty of every police authority and chief officer of police to take account of any guidance under this subsection when issuing, preparing or modifying any such plan or any draft plan prepared for the purposes of subsection (2). (7) Before issuing or revising any guidance under subsection (6) the Secretary of State shall consult withÑ (a) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; (b) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and (c) such other persons as he thinks fit. (8) A police authority which is proposing to issue or modify any plan under this section shall submit that plan, or the modifications, to the Secretary of State. (9) Where a police authority issues a three-year strategy plan or modifies such a plan, it shallÑ (a) send a copy of the plan or the modified plan to the Secretary of State; and (b) cause the plan or modified plan to be published; and the copy of any modified plan sent to the Secretary of State and the publication of any modified plan must show the modifications, or be accompanied by or published with a