spike; sabot dampers shall be replaced after a maximum of five stabs. A minimum of 5 minutes shall be left between each strike to allow for materials to recover. The time of each strike shall be recorded. At the start of a test series, the dampers shall be replaced. 7.7.4. Measurements 7.7.4.1. Knife If the knife is visible on the body side of the protective panel, a calibrated rule shall be used initially to provide an indicative measure of the visible length of the knife as shown in Figure 29. Note, the knife shall not be moved or manipulated prior to measurement. Figure 29: Calibrated rule knife depth of penetration measurement Following such measurement: • If the depth of penetration, measured by rule, is above 12 mm for E1 strikes or above 33 mm for E2 strikes, no further measurements are required. • If the depth of penetration is 12 mm or below for E1 strikes or 33 mm or below for E2 strikes, the cut length shall be measured using cut length techniques outlined below. The knife shall be carefully removed vertically from the protective panel so that the cut length on the body side of the panel is not disturbed. After all stabs have been performed, the body side of the armour cover shall be cut and removed from the rest of the protective panel such that the inside surface of this cover is visible. The cut lengths shall then be measured on the inside of the cover using a calibrated digital microscope. The microscope shall be focussed over the cut and an image shall be taken. If there is insufficient contrast in the image to clearly identify the length of the cut, a chalk spray may be used directly over the cut area prior to taking the image. Appropriate image processing software shall be used to digitally measure the cut length. Cut lengths shall be measured in millimetres to two decimal places. The procedure for measurement of cut length is illustrated in Figure 30. Care should be taken to ensure any areas of tearing are not included in the measurement. Figure 30: Cut length measurement determining depth of penetration The cut length shall be converted to depth of penetration using Equation (2). ????????? ???? ?????????????????????? (????) = ?????? ??????????? (????) ? 2.396 (2) 7.7.4.2. Spike Measurement of penetration depth is not required following a spike test. The protective panel shall be examined solely for evidence of perforation. This shall be determined if: • the spike is visible on the body side of the panel, or, • there is evidence that the body side of the panel has been pierced by the spike. 7.7.5. Assessments Depth of penetration measurements from each knife and spike strike shall be assessed against the acceptable limits specified in Table 13. 7.7.6. Records The following information shall be recorded after each strike has been conducted and included in the test report: • Time at which strike performed. • Velocity measured 25 ± 2