of male victims of partner abuse told anyone that they were a victim of partner abuse, compared to 81.3% of female victims.116 Different systemic, environmental and cultural barriers can impact groups of victims, including men and boys, and taking into account their other characteristics. Therefore, it is important that men and boys are not viewed as a homogenous group as their experiences will be unique and cannot be defined in terms of sex alone. The Supporting Male Victims document sets out more detailed information on potential impacts on male victims of crimes considered in the Government’s Tackling VAWG Strategy and Tackling Domestic Abuse Plan and highlights actions the Government is taking to support male victims more effectively. 113 Types of abuse asked about were non-sexual domestic abuse which includes non-sexual partner abuse and non-sexual family abuse, domestic stalking which includes stalking by a partner and stalking by a family member and domestic sexual assault which includes sexual assault by a partner and sexual assault by a family member. 114 ONS. Domestic abuse victim characteristics, England and Wales: Data year ending March 2020. 115 ONS. Domestic abuse victim characteristics, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): data year ending March 2021. 116 ONS. Domestic abuse: findings from the Crime Survey for England and Wales - Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Box 5.2: Case Study Case Study Sam’s former wife abused him, both physically and mentally, for over a decade. Their relationship began like any other. They were both teachers working at the same school, and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. At first, she was caring but then things started to change. She began to lock him out of their home or leave him on the side of the road, miles from home with no money. He was locked out of the house around 60 times over the course of almost ten years. She sometimes would take his wallet and keys, so he had no way of getting home. He found himself walking on eggshells, being coerced into situations he did not want to be in. He was often told he would never see his daughter again if he didn’t do what she wanted. He felt he could not leave the family home for the sake of their daughter. Sam realised he had to take action after he suffered serious injury when his wife attacked him with a hair dryer. Colleagues at the school he worked at came to know about the issues he was facing, and they were supportive towards him. After the attack, the school offered him paid time off to recover and paid for him to receive counselling. The school also provided him with further time off so that he could appear in court. This meant that he was able to give vital evidence of the abuse he had been subject to for nearly a decade. Sam feels that his situation shows