these instances, they will tell you why. 6.6 In some cases, the police or the Crown Prosecution Service may decide to deal with the case without taking it to court. This is called an out of court disposal.31 This enables the incident to be dealt with relatively quickly and may prove more effective in preventing further offences. 6.7 Where the police or the Crown Prosecution Service are considering an out of court disposal you have the Right to be asked for your views and to have these views taken into account when a decision is made. Where this is not possible for practical reasons, the police or the Crown Prosecution Service will tell you why. 31 Alternatives to prosecution, such as cautions, conditional cautions and penalty notices for disorder, intended for dealing with low- level, often first-time offending, where prosecution would not be in the public interest. 1 6.8 The police or the Crown Prosecution Service will take the final decision after considering the full circumstances of the offence and your views. You have the Right to be told the reasons for their decision within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code) of an out of court disposal being given to the offender. 6.9 When the police have finished their investigation, they may decide what should happen next or, for more serious crimes, pass the information to the Crown Prosecution Service, who will then decide if there is enough evidence to take the case to court. 6.10 If the police or the Crown Prosecution Service decide not to prosecute the suspect, you have the Right to be told within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code) of the decision of: ? the reasons for the decision; ? how you can get further information; ? how to seek a review and make representations under the National Police ChiefsÕ Council or the Crown Prosecution Service VictimsÕ Right to Review scheme;32 and ? how to be referred to a support service. 6.11 If you are unhappy with a police or a Crown Prosecution Service decision not to prosecute the suspect, you have the Right to ask for a review under the National Police ChiefsÕ Council or Crown Prosecution Service VictimsÕ Right to Review schemes. 32 Other service providers (listed on page 8 of this Code) will explain how to ask for a review through their own scheme. 33 VictimsÕ Right to Review specifically relates to decisions not to prosecute. It doesnÕt cover crime-recording decisions or decisions not to continue with enquiries. 1 6.12 If you are a victim in a specified case34 where the Crown Prosecution Service tells you of a decision not to charge a suspect, you have the Right to be offered a meeting unless the Crown Prosecution Service decides that a meeting should not take place. On the rare occasions where the Crown Prosecution Service decide that a meeting is not appropriate,