system. The new regimes will deliver stronger enforcement and sanctions to ensure homes are safe. These will ensure the right people are held to account and will drive a culture change to put safety first. Local enforcement agencies and national regulators, including a new Building Safety Regulator, will work together to ensure that the safety of buildings across all tenures is improved. The Building Safety Regulator will be responsible for all regulatory decisions under the new regime during the design, construction, occupation and refurbishment of higher-risk buildings. 3. The proposals in the Building Safety Bill aim to bring about a culture change so that organisations who manage buildings across all tenures, including higher-risk buildings, prioritise residents and their safety. It is important that the social housing regime supports fire safety, and that the building safety and social housing regimes work effectively together. To do this we will: • Legislate to strengthen the Regulator of Social HousingÕs consumer regulation objective so that it explicitly includes safety (paragraph 59). • Legislate to require social landlords to identify a nominated person responsible for complying with their health and safety requirements (paragraph 61). • Expect the Regulator of Social Housing to prepare a Memorandum of Understanding with the Health and Safety Executive, once the national Building Safety Regulator is created, to ensure effective sharing of information (paragraph 62). 4. Alongside the Building Safety Bill, we published the Fire Safety Consultation as part of governmentÕs package of reform to improve building and fire safety in all regulated premises where people live, stay or work. The Fire Safety Consultation seeks views and asks questions on our proposals to implement the recommendations in the Grenfell Tower InquiryÕs Phase 1 report that require changes to the law. These proposals seek to provide residents with greater assurance and fire safety improvements in their buildings. We are seeking to implement the recommendations in the most practical, proportionate and effective manner. In many cases, our proposals go beyond the Grenfell Tower InquiryÕs recommendations, whilst in others we have proposed an approach which prioritises residentsÕ safety in a way that is proportionate to the risks the Grenfell Tower Inquiry identified. 5. We published a Fire Safety Bill which clarifies that under the Fire Safety Order 2005 a responsible person or duty-holder for multi-occupied residential buildings must assess the fire safety risks for the structure, external walls and flat entrance doors as part of the fire risk assessment process. Where appropriate, the responsible person or duty-holder must put in place general fire precautions to mitigate any risks in relation to these parts of the building. 1. 5 https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/934661/Building_Safety_Data_Release_ October_2020.pdf 16 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Engagement on safety 6. Putting residents at the heart of building safety continues to be a core priority for us. The Independent Review of Building Regulations and Fire Safety, commissioned following the Grenfell tragedy, called for government action to develop a national culture of engagement on fire and structural safety for residents