ÒandÓ preceding that paragraph. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 283 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 27 In section 47ZC (applicable bail period: conditions A to D in sections 47ZD to 47ZG), in subsection (6)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òsenior officerÓ substitute Òrelevant officerÓ, (b) after paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(aa) in relation to a condition which falls to be considered by virtue of section 47ZDA, the senior officer in question; (ab) in relation to a condition which falls to be considered by virtue of section 47ZDB, the appropriate decision-maker in question,Ó, and (c) in paragraph (b), for Òappropriate decision-makerÓ substitute Òqualifying police officerÓ. 28 (1) Section 47ZD (applicable bail period: extension of initial limit in standard cases) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)(c), for Òsenior officerÓ substitute Òrelevant officerÓ. (3) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for Òsenior officerÓ substitute Òrelevant officerÓ, and (b) for Ò3 monthsÓ substitute Ò6 monthsÓ. (4) In subsections (3) to (5), for Òsenior officerÓ substitute Òrelevant officerÓ. (5) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(6) For the purposes of this Part Òrelevant officerÓ means a police officer of the rank of inspector or above.Ó 29 After section 47ZD insertÑ Ò47ZDA Applicable bail period: further extension of limit in standard cases (1) This section applies in relation to a person ifÑ (a) a relevant officer has authorised an extension of the applicable bail period in relation to the person under section 47ZD, (b) that period has not ended, and (c) a senior officer is satisfied that conditions A to D are met in relation to the person. (2) The senior officer may authorise the applicable bail period in relation to the person to be extended so that it ends at the end of the period of 9 months beginning with the personÕs bail start date. (1) 284 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) Before determining whether to give an authorisation under subsection (2) in relation to a person, the senior officer must arrange for the person or the personÕs