in cold environments. All electrical equipment should be installed and maintained in a safe manner by a competent person. If portable electrical equipment is used, including items brought into a workplace by staff, then your fire risk assessment should ensure that it visually inspected and undergoes portable appliance testing (ÔPATÕ) at intervals suitable for the type of equipment and its frequency of use (refer to HSE guidance10). If you have any doubt about the safety of your electrical installation then you should consult a competent electrician. Issues to consider include: • overloading of equipment; • correct fuse ratings; • PAT testing and testing of fixed installations; • protection against overloading of installation; • protection against short circuit; • insulation, earthing and electrical isolation requirements; • frequency of electrical inspection and test; • temperature rating and mechanical strength of flexible cables; • portable electrical equipment; • physical environment in which the equipment is used (e.g. wet or dusty atmospheres); and • suitable use and maintenance of personal protective equipment. All electrical installations should be regularly inspected by a competent electrical engineer appointed by you, or on your behalf, in accordance with the Electricity at Work Regulations 1989 (EAW Regulations).53 The use of low voltage equipment should conform to the requirements of the Electrical Equipment (Safety) Regulations 1994,54 including the requirement to be CE marked. 1.6 Smoking Carelessly discarded cigarettes and other smoking materials are a major cause of fire. A cigarette can smoulder for several hours, especially when surrounded by combustible material. Many fires are started several hours after the smoking materials have been emptied into waste bags and left for future disposal. Consider prohibiting smoking in your premises other than in the designated smoking areas. Display suitable signs throughout the premises informing people of the smoking policy and the locations where smoking is permitted. In those areas where smoking is permitted, provide non-combustible deep and substantial ashtrays to help prevent unsuitable containers being used. Empty all ashtrays daily into a metal waste bin and take it outside. It is dangerous to empty ashtrays into plastic waste sacks which are then left inside for disposal later. 1.7 Managing building work and alterations Fires are more frequent when buildings are undergoing refurbishment or alteration. You should ensure that, before any building work starts, you have reviewed the fire risk assessment and considered what additional dangers are likely to be introduced. You will need to evaluate the additional risks to people, particularly in those buildings that continue to be occupied. Lack of pre-planning can lead to haphazard co-ordination of fire safety measures. You should liaise and exchange information with contractors who will also have a duty under the Construction (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 199611, 12 to carry out a risk assessment and inform you of their significant findings and the preventive measures they may employ. This may be supported by the contractorsÕ agreed work method statement. The designer should also have considered fire safety as part of the Construction (Design and Management)