the idea of building greater overall resilience in the face of a broad range of disruptive challenges. If the response is to be truly effective in meeting the needs of everyone affected by an emergency, then all leaders of the community, industry and commerce should be aware of the contributions of local responders and other organisations. It may also be beneficial to educate the general community about how they can support themselves in disruptive challenges. 12.63. In an extended emergency, the amount of work may be overwhelming, while provision of everyday services will also need to continue. Category 1 responders should explore all options for maintaining critical services, not only during the response but also throughout the recovery and aftermath proceedings, which may be lengthy. 1.1. Chapter 2 Co-operation Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 2 (Co-operation) of Emergency Preparedness Revised Version • The local resilience area is based on police force boundaries (paragraph 2.40). • One form of co-operation required by the Act is the Local Resilience Forum (LRF). The LRF is the principal form of multi-agency co-operation in a local resilience area. Even so, the statutory duties fall on the individual local responders. The LRF is not a legal entity and it does not direct its members. The role of the LRF in co-operation is examined in Table 2 (paragraphs 2.39-2.69). • The purpose of the LRF is defined (paragraphs 2.45-2.50) and its structure suggested (paragraphs 2.51-2.59) • Responders may satisfy their responsibilities to attend the Forum by nominating representatives (paragraphs 2.66-2.69). • The LRF has an important place in the local resilience chain in England and Wales (paragraphs 2.92-2.96). • Most Category 2 responders are not organised to deliver their normal business in local resilience areas. The expectations which Category 1 responders place on Category 2 responders should be reasonable. Protocols are proposed which may vary the way in which Category 2 arrangements can meet Category 1 requirements (paragraphs 2.60-2.65, 2.70-2.91). • The likely participation in the LRF of the different classes of local responder organisation (within both Categories 1 and 2) is described (paragraphs 2.108 Ð 2.158). • The scope of co-operation 2.1. The Civil Contingencies Act 2004 prescribes, in the first instance, a consistent set of four duties across all the Category 1 responders, which include the emergency services, local authorities, health services and other organisations likely to be involved in most emergencies. Four elements of the emergency planning cycle Ð risk assessment, emergency planning, business continuity planning, and warning and informing Ð must each be delivered in the same way. This standard framework provides a sound basis for local co-operation. 2.2. A fifth element Ð promotion of business continuity management Ð is required of local authorities. 2.3. Drawing on this common set of procedures, the Act then adds two more duties for the Category 1 responders. They are required specifically to co-operate and share 2.1. information in delivering the other five duties.1 There are thus seven duties in