of a chief officer of police, the person raises a concern that is about a police force or a person serving with the police, the matter to which the concern relates is not— about the conditions of service of persons serving with the police, or a matter that is, or could be, the subject of a complaint by the person under Part 2, and at the time the [F375Director General] first becomes aware of the concern, the matter to which it relates is not— under investigation under the direction of the [F375Director General] in accordance with paragraph 18 of Schedule 3, under investigation by the [F375Director General] in accordance with paragraph 19 of that Schedule, being dealt with as a complaint under section 29A under regulations under section 29C (regulations about super-complaints), or under investigation under this Part. 74 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2B – Investigation of concerns raised by whistle-blowers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Subsection (1) is subject to section 29F (which deals with the position where the concern is a conduct matter for the purposes of Part 2) and to section 29G (which deals with the position where the concern is a DSI matter for the purposes of that Part). Schedule 3A (which makes provision about the procedure etc where the [F375Director General] decides to investigate under subsection (1)) has effect. 29E [F377Director General's] powers and duties [F378on decision] not to investigate If the [F379Director General] decides not to carry out an investigation under section 29D(1), the [F379Director General] must inform the whistle-blower of the decision. In such a case, the [F379Director General] may, with the consent of the whistle-blower— disclose the nature of the concern to the appropriate authority, and make recommendations in the light of the concern. In this Part, except where otherwise provided, “appropriate authority” means— if the concern relates to a chief officer or an acting chief officer, the local policing body for the area of the police force of which he or she is a member; if the concern relates to any other person, the chief officer under whose direction and control that person is; if the concern does not relate to any particular persons, the chief officer of the police force to which the concern relates. The Secretary of State may by regulations make further provision about recommendations under subsection (2). The regulations may (amongst other things)— describe the kinds of recommendations that the [F379Director General] may make under subsection (2); specify the persons to whom the recommendations may be made; authorise the [F379Director General] to require a