to discharge missiles containing drugs for the treatment of animals should normally be stored with the drug/missile separate from the firearm. 3.6 When stored in dwellings, or in surgeries attached to or containing the dwelling of the veterinary surgeon or resident staff of the practice, the conditions applicable to their classification as either section 1 & 2 or section 5 (modified or unmodified) firearms should be applied. 3.7 Where kept in the dwellings of other persons authorised to possess those firearms in paragraph 3.5 above (i.e. zoo and wildlife centres), the conditions applicable to the classification of the particular firearms can be applied. 3.8 Where the drugs are subject to any form of security requirement under the Drugs Acts, the provision of a storage unit to comply with that requirement is also acceptable for the missiles. 3.9 Where the above firearms are kept at a surgery or other place without a residential attachment, the firearms should be in a cabinet providing security to the level of BS7558 (1992), within a part of the premises secured to the appropriate level of the dwelling specification and a signalling alarm to BS473 3.30:2015 should be considered. Starting Pistols (Small Firearms) 3.10 Modified or single shot pistols chambered for their original cartridge should be kept in dwellings secured to Level 2 or above, commensurate with the risk involved. 3.1 3.11 Unmodified pistols (capable of firing more than two shots without re-loading) should be kept in dwellings secured to Level 2 or above, commensurate with the risk involved. 3.12 Where such pistols are kept in non-residential locations, e.g. schools, sports facilities etc., the firearms should be in a cabinet providing security to the same level as BS7558 (1992), within a part of the premises secured to the level of the dwelling specification appropriate to their classification and a signalling alarm to BS4737 -3.30:2015 considered, if necessary for the individual circumstances. Auctioneers 3.13 Where auctioneers hold firearms in the normal course of their business, they should be secured in either: a) Cabinets built and fitted to BS7558 (1992) or equivalent standard. b) A commercial safe, as detailed in Annex A, or c) A store secured to the provisions of either a gun room or armoury as detailed in Annex A, dependent upon the quantity of firearms normally held there. 3.14 Where the premises are non-residential, they should be secured to a standard equal to Level 2, with an alarm to BS4737 3.30:2015. 3.15 The premises of auctioneers who specialise in the sale/disposal of firearms should generally have security similar to that of a registered firearms dealer under Part 4 of this Handbook. Warehousemen 3.16 The nature of warehouse storage is such that firearms may be deposited with a company in a number of ways. The security of the firearms is therefore conditional on how the articles are received. 3.17 Individual firearms should be stored in a secure area or cabinet which is equal to that provided for section 1 and 2 firearms. Consideration should be given