re-examination Examination of witness through an intermediary Aids to communication The CPS provides further guidance on special measures. The 2021 Act provides for automatic eligibility for complainants of offences relating to domestic abuse to be considered for special measures in criminal proceedings. Once fully in force, section 62 of the 2021 Act, will directly amend the relevant provisions in the 1999 Act. This change will provide complainants with automatic eligibility for special measures as intimidated witnesses (under section 17(4) of the 1999 Act). This will mean that they will not have to demonstrate fear or distress to be eligible for special measures. Special measures apply to prosecution and defence witnesses, but not to the defendant and must be made through an application to the court. Witnesses will be automatically considered as intimidated witnesses under the 1999 Act and can choose what special measure(s) they would like the application to be made to the court for, however, granting special measure applications is always a judicial decision. Civil courts and special measures in the civil courts The civil courts resolve disputes mainly between individuals or organisations. They do not have a separate category of offence for domestic abuse, however, cases before these courts involve a wide-ranging category from debt to those involving housing rights, compensation, and contractual disputes. As in the other court jurisdictions, there is recognition that perpetrators sometimes use the courts to continue their abuse, often bringing victims back to court repeatedly, which can in itself be a traumatising process. Section 64 of the 2021 Act, which was commenced on 14 June 2022, requires Rules of Court to include provision enabling a court to make a special measures direction to provide for victims or alleged victims of specified offences to be eligible for special measures (for example, to enable them to give evidence via a video link or behind a screen). It also requires the Rules of Court to provide for those who are victims of domestic abuse or who are ‘at risk’ of being a victim to avail of special measures in the civil courts. The purpose of the provision is to ensure that rules are Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance made setting out when and how special measures directions should be made in such cases. Regulations194 have been made specifying which offences are relevant for the purposes of these rules. Whether any special measures are ultimately provided in a particular civil case will depend on whether the court considers they would likely improve the quality of the witness’s evidence, or a party’s participation in the proceedings. Special measures might only be appropriate in certain civil cases and not others, but the new rules require the court to consider whether a special measure direction should be made. Once brought into force, section 66 of the 2021 Act will also prohibit perpetrators from cross-examining their victims in person and vice versa in specified circumstances in civil proceedings in England and Wales. Such cross-examination in person can serve to re-traumatise