rifles firing the same, or a closely allied cartridge. Chief officers of police will wish to be mindful that quarry species are mobile and applicants may not always be able to predict their presence on land on a consistent basis. Certificate conditions should therefore allow the applicant flexibility in dealing with quarry species, and the Ôany other lawful quarryÕ condition may be used. However, where a particular quarry forms the basis of the applicantÕs Ògood reasonÓ its likely presence will need to be confirmed (see paragraph 12.14 and 12.15 for guidance). Fox 12.25 Although not set out in legislation, common rifle cartridges considered suitable for the shooting of foxes range from .17 Remington, and .22 Hornet to .22 -250 and .220 Swift, though there is a wide range of suitable similar calibres commercially available. In windy areas, where heavier bullets aid accurate shooting, or if applicants wish to use one rifle for shooting both deer and foxes, they may choose a rifle in 6mm (.243/.244) or 6.5mm (.264) calibre. .22 Rim-fires are generally considered as having insufficient muzzle energy to be used against foxes at longer ranges. However, these could be suitable for use at short range by experienced persons, and may be permitted in certain situations such as around farm buildings or paddocks. It is for the operator to ensure that the quarry species are shot at the appropriate range with the appropriate ammunition to achieve a humane dispatch. Combination shot gun/rifles should have the rifled barrel in a similar calibre. 99 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Those involved in shooting foxes will normally be authorised to possess up to 250 rounds, but consideration should be given to each shooterÕs individual circumstances, particularly where re-loaders are acquiring missiles. See also paragraph 12.9 on allowing the applicant flexibility to reasonably shoot other species on named land. 12.26 It is desirable that new applicants should have some previous experience of the safe use of firearms before using such rifles. Experience is neither cartridge nor ammunition type exclusive. It may include the shooting of any quarry species. The aspect that police are looking to be satisfied about is the competency of the applicant to take a safe shot every time. The shooting of any quarry requires a safe backstop for the shot, and such experience is transferable between all quarry species. Wild/feral animals 12.27 Authority may be requested to shoot animals which fall outside the scope of usual types of game or vermin, for example feral goat or wild boar. The type of rifle authorised should be appropriate to the quarry species. It is recommended that a rifle of not less than .270 be used for wild boar. For feral goats, DEFRA advises the use of a minimum calibre of .243 with a bullet weight of 100 grains to be humane. However, individual bullet weights should not be stipulated on certificates. 12.28 Hunting potentially dangerous animals, such as wild boar, with larger calibre rifles requires particular skill, and applicants should generally have