election or holding office as police and crime commissioner: police grounds (1) A person is disqualified from being elected as, or being, a police and crime commissioner if the personÑ (a) is disqualified from being a member of the House of Commons under section 1(1)(d) of the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 (members of police forces for police areas in the United Kingdom); (b) is a member ofÑ (i) the British Transport Police Force; (ii) the Civil Nuclear Constabulary; (c) is a special constable appointedÑ (i) under section 27 of the Police Act 1996 for a police area or the City of London police area; (ii) under section 25 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003 (British Transport Police Force); (d) is a member of staff of the chief officer of police of any police force maintained for a police area; (e) is a member of staff ofÑ (i) a police and crime commissioner; (ii) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (f) is the Mayor of London; (g) is a member of the Common Council of the City of London or a member of staff of that Council in its capacity as a police authority; (h) is a member (including a member who is chairman or chief executive), or member of staff, ofÑ (i) the British Transport Police Authority; (ii) the Civil Nuclear Police Authority; (iii) the [F53Independent Office for Police Conduct]; (iv) the Serious Organised Crime Agency; F54(v) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (i) holds any employment in an entity which is under the control ofÑ (i) a local policing body; (ii) any body mentioned in paragraph (h); (i) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 63 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (iii) the chief officer of police for any police force maintained for a police area or the City of London police area; (iv) the chief officer of police for any police force mentioned in paragraph (b). [F55(1A) Subsection (1)(e)(i) does not prevent a deputy police and crime commissionerÑ (a) from being elected as police and crime commissioner at an ordinary election of police and crime commissioners; (b) from being elected at an election held under section 51 to fill a vacancy in the office of police and crime commissioner if, on the day on which the person is nominated as a candidate at the election and at all times between that day and the declaration of the result of the election, the deputy is acting as police and crime commissioner under section 62.] (2) In this