the control of combustible waste by ensuring that waste materials and rubbish are not allowed to build up and are carefully stored until properly disposed of, particularly at the end of the day. • Take action to avoid storage areas being vulnerable to arson or vandalism. • • Check all areas where hot work (e.g. welding) has been carried out to ensure that no ignition has taken Figure 6: Storage of flammables place and no smouldering or hot materials remain that may cause a fire later. Further guidance on removing and reducing hazards is given in Part 2, Section 1. Remove or reduce sources of oxygen You can reduce the potential source of oxygen supplied to a fire by: • closing all doors, windows and other openings not required for ventilation, particularly out of working hours; • shutting down ventilation systems which are not essential to the function of the premises; • not storing oxidising materials near or with any heat source or flammable materials; and • controlling the use and storage of oxygen cylinders, ensuring that they are not leaking, are not used to ÔsweetenÕ the atmosphere, and that where they are located is adequately ventilated. 18 3.4 Remove or reduce the risks to people Having evaluated and addressed the risk of fire occuring and the risk to people (preventative measures) it is unlikely that you will be able to conclude that no risk remains of fire starting and presenting a risk to people in your premises. You now need to reduce any remaining fire risk to people to as low as reasonably practicable, by ensuring that adequate fire precautions are in place to warn people in the event of a fire and allow them to safely escape. The rest of this step describes the fire protection measures you may wish to adopt to reduce the remaining fire risk to people (see Steps 3.4.1 to 3.4.6). The level of fire protection you need to provide will depend on the level of risk that remains in the premises after you have removed or reduced the hazards and risks. Part 2, Section 4.1 can help you decide the level of risk that you may still have. Flexibility of fire protection measures Flexibility will be required when applying this guidance, the level of fire protection should be proportional to the risk posed to the safety of the people in the premises. Therefore, the objective should be to reduce the remaining risk to a level as low as reasonably practicable. The higher the risk of fire and risk to life, the higher the standards of fire protection will need to be. Your premises may not exactly fit the solutions suggested in this guide and they may need to be applied in a flexible manner without compromising the safety of the occupants. For example, if the travel distance is in excess of the norm for the level of risk you have determined, (see Part 2, Table 2 on page 68), it may be necessary