and (6) do not apply in respect of any order to which, or any person to whom, subsection (7) applies. 170 Notification orders: Scotland (1) The Sexual Offences Act 2003 is amended as follows. (2) In section 97 (notification orders: applications and grounds)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), in the words before paragraph (a)Ñ (i) for the words from ÒA chief officer of policeÓ to Òpolice areaÓ substitute ÒThe chief constable of the Police Service of Scotland (Òthe chief constableÓ) may by application to any sheriffÓ, and (ii) omit Ò(Òthe defendantÓ)Ó, (b) in subsection (1)(a)Ñ (i) for ÒhimÓ substitute Òthe chief constableÓ, and (ii) for ÒdefendantÓ substitute ÒpersonÓ, (c) in subsection (1)(b)Ñ (i) for ÒdefendantÓ, in both places it occurs, substitute ÒpersonÓ, (ii) for Òhis police areaÓ, in both places it occurs, substitute ÒScotlandÓ, and (iii) for Òchief officerÓ substitute Òchief constableÓ, (d) in subsection (2)Ñ (i) for ÒheÓ, in each place it occurs, substitute Òthe personÓ, and (ii) in paragraph (c), for ÒhimÓ substitute Òthe personÓ, (e) in subsection (5) for ÒcourtÓ substitute ÒsheriffÓ, and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 197 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (f) after subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) A record of evidence must be kept on any application for an order under this section. (5B) The clerk of the court by which a notification order under this section is made must cause a copy of the order as so made to beÑ (a) given to the person named in the order, (b) sent to the person by registered post, or (c) sent to the person by the recorded delivery service, and where a copy of the order is so sent to the person, an acknowledgement or certificate of delivery issued by the Post Office is sufficient evidence of the delivery of the copy on the day specified in the acknowledgement or certificate.Ó (3) In section 98 (notification orders: effect)Ñ (a) in subsections (1)(a) and (3)(a) and (c) for ÒdefendantÓ substitute Òperson in respect of whom the order has effectÓ, and (b) in subsection (1)(b) for ÒdefendantÓ substitute ÒpersonÓ. (4) In section 99 (sections 97 and 98: relevant offences), in subsections (3) and (4), for ÒdefendantÓ substitute Òperson in respect of whom the order is soughtÓ. (5) In section 100 (interim notification orders)Ñ (a) in subsection (2)Ñ (i) in paragraph (a), omit Òthe complaint containingÓ, and (ii) in paragraph (b), for Òby complaint to the court to which that application has been madeÓ substitute Òby further