this code, chief officers must take account of: ? Authorised Professional Practice (APP) issued by the College of Policing. ? Other relevant guidance, including that issued by the relevant independent investigative authority. 2.3 Role of HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services 2.3.1 HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMICFRS) will continue to inspect police forces in regard of their arrangements for armed policing and the use of less lethal weapons. 2.4 Applicability of code 2.4.1 The code is directly applicable to law enforcement officers in all 43 Home Office forces. According to the relevant chief officerÕs wishes, it may also be adopted by: ? Ministry of Defence Police, National Crime Agency, British Transport Police and Civil Nuclear Constabulary. ? Police forces in devolved administrations, Police Scotland and Police Service of Northern Ireland. It is applicable whether officers are deployed within the UK or overseas. Responsibilities of 3 chief officers 3.1 Armed policing and less lethal weapons portfolio holder 3.1.1 For the purpose of maintaining standards within each force, chief officers should ensure that an officer of at least the rank of assistant chief constable, or equivalent, is nominated to be responsible for: ? the arrangements for the training of officers to use weapons covered in this code ? the operational deployment of weapons covered in this code. 3.1.2 Where cross-force collaborative arrangements exist for training, there must be a single nominated chief officer with responsibility for these arrangements. Where cross-force collaborative arrangements exist for operational deployment there may be separate nominated chief officers with responsibility for these arrangements. All responsibilities should be clearly defined and documented. 3.2 Armed policing strategic threat and risk assessment (APSTRA) 3.2.1 Chief officers are required to assess the capability and capacity required by their force to respond effectively to identified armed policing related threat and risks. These assessments should be used to determine: ? what types of weapons need to be available within their forces, either from each forceÕs own resources or by agreement with one or more other forces ? the numbers of officers in their forces required to be trained in the use of such weapons and in providing tactical advice in the use of such weapons, and the numbers and ranks of officers to be trained to command incidents involving such weapons ? arrangements for the deployment within their forces of weapons and personnel trained to use them. ? 3.2.2 Chief officers should ensure that known and reasonably foreseeable threats and risks in their police areas, which may be relevant to the use of police firearms and less lethal weapons, are assessed. In establishing the required capability and capacity, the following should be considered: ? common national standards with regard to identified roles ? cross-boundary and national interoperability ? potential obligations under mutual aid arrangements ? the strategic policing requirement, including national policing capabilities ? regional and local plans ? identified good practice ? recommendations made by policing or external bodies. 3.2.3 Each forceÕs APSTRA assessment