a collaborative force. (3ZE) A person who is a senior authorising officer by reference to the Scottish surveillance authorising force may— grant the authorisation; in a case where the authorisation is for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance in relation to any residential premises, grant the authorisation only in relation to premises in the area which is— the area of operation of a collaborative force; and specified in relation to members of that force in the agreement mentioned in subsection (3ZD). (3ZF) For the purposes of subsections (3ZD) and (3ZE) a Scottish police force is a collaborative force if— its chief constable is a party to the agreement mentioned in subsection (3ZD); and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make applications for authorisations for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance to a person who is a senior authorising officer by reference to the Scottish surveillance authorising force.” After subsection (5) insert— “(5A) In subsections (1ZA) to (1ZC) and (3ZA) to (3ZC) a reference to a police force is to the following— any police force maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 (police forces in England and Wales outside London); the metropolitan police force; and the City of London police force. (5B) In subsections (1ZD) to (1ZF) and (3ZD) to (3ZF) a reference to a Scottish police force is to a police force maintained under or by virtue of section 1 of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967.” Police officers engaged on service outside their force etc After section 97 of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) insert— “97A Power to amend section 97 The Secretary of State may by order amend the definition of “relevant service” in section 97(1). An order under this section may make transitional, consequential, incidental and supplemental provision or savings. 14 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The provision that may be made under subsection (2) includes provision amending any enactment. A statutory instrument containing an order under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” After section 11 of the Police Pensions Act 1976 (c. 35) insert— “11A Power to amend The Secretary of State may by order amend section 11 for the purpose of altering the descriptions of service to which subsection (1) applies. An order under this section may make transitional, consequential, incidental and supplemental provision or savings. The provision that may be made under subsection (2) includes provision amending any enactment. An order under this