could take the form of a simple list which may be supported by a simple plan of the premises (see Figure 12). In more complex premises, it is best to keep a dedicated record including details of significant findings, any action taken, a copy of the emergency plan, maintenance of fire-protection equipment and training. There is no one ÔcorrectÕ format specified for this. Further guidance is given in Part 2, Section 7.1. You must be able to satisfy the enforcing authority, if called upon to do so, that you have carried out a suitable and sufficient fire risk assessment. Keeping records will help you do this and will also form the basis of your subsequent reviews. If you keep records, you do not need to record all the details, only those that are significant and the action you have taken. It can be helpful to include a simple line drawing to illustrate your fire precautions (Figure 12). This can also help you check your precautions as part of your ongoing review. Figure 12: Example of a line drawing showing general fire safety precautions The findings of your fire risk assessment will help you to develop your emergency plan, the instruction, information and training you need to provide, the co-operation and co-ordination arrangements you may need to have with other responsible people and the arrangements for maintenance and testing of the fire precautions. If you are required to record the significant findings of your fire risk assessment then these arrangements must also be recorded. Further guidance about fire safety records with an example is given in Part 2, Section 7.1. 4.2 Emergency plans You need to have an emergency plan for dealing with any fire situation. The purpose of an emergency plan is to ensure that the people in your premises know what to do if there is a fire and that the premises can be safely evacuated. If you or your organisation employ five or more people, or your premises are licensed or an alterations notice requiring it is in force, then details of your emergency plan must be recorded. Even if it is not required, it is good practice to keep a record. Your emergency plan should be based on the outcome of your fire risk assessment and be available for your employees, their representatives (where appointed) and the enforcing authority. In small offices and shops the emergency plan may be no more than a fire action notice. In multi-occupied, larger and more complex offices and shops, the emergency plan will need to be more detailed and compiled only after consultation with other 32 occupiers and other responsible people, e.g. owners, who have control over the building. In most cases this means that a single emergency plan covering the whole building will be necessary. It will help if you can agree on one person to co-ordinate this task. Further guidance on emergency plans is given in Part 2, Section 7.2. 4.3 Inform, instruct, co-operate and co-ordinate You must give