with the reasons for the decision, is appended to an aerodrome security plan. A member of the security executive group may not disclose any information received by the member in the exercise of the member's functions under this Part except— for the purpose of any of those functions, or for any other purpose connected with the making of aerodrome security plans or their implementation. In this section, “national threat assessment” means any assessment issued by the Secretary of State of a threat to the aviation industry. Aerodrome security groups: general 24AK Aerodrome groups: supplemental An individual may be a member of both the risk advisory group and the security executive group for an aerodrome. The manager of the aerodrome may at any time— revoke a nomination under section 24AB(2)(a) or 24AG(3), and make another nomination under that provision. A person who makes a nomination under section 24AB(2)(b) or (3) to (6) or (9) or section 24AG(4) to (6) or (8) may at any time revoke the nomination (whether or not the person makes another nomination under the provision in question). Except as provided by this Part, risk advisory groups and security executive groups may decide their own procedures (and, in particular, may allow individuals who are not members of the groups to attend meetings and take part in discussions). Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 115 The manager of an aerodrome must ensure that the risk advisory group and the security executive group for the aerodrome have such accommodation and facilities as are necessary to enable them to discharge their functions. 24AL Period for establishment of aerodrome groups The risk advisory group and the security executive group for an aerodrome must each be established before the relevant day. In the case of an aerodrome to which this Part applies on the commencement date, the relevant day is — in relation to the risk advisory group, the end of the period of 1 month beginning with the commencement date, and in relation to the security executive group, the end of the period of 3 months beginning with the commencement date. In subsection (2), “commencement date” means the date on which section 79 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 comes into force. In the case of any other aerodrome to which this Part applies, the relevant day is— in relation to the risk advisory group, the end of the period of 1 month beginning with the date on which the aerodrome becomes one to which this Part