with health and social care providers, housing and criminal justice agencies, as well as specialist domestic abuse and advocacy services. The Mental Capacity Act 2005 (‘the 2005 Act’) also offers protections against abuse, including domestic abuse, by creating the criminal offences of ill treatment and wilful neglect of a person who lacks capacity under section 44 of the 2005 Act. The offences may apply to anyone who has the care of the person, an attorney acting under a lasting power of attorney or an enduring power of attorney, and deputies appointed by the court. The offences carry a penalty of a fine, a maximum of five years imprisonment, or both. The 2005 Act also created the Office of the Public Guardian (OPG) which registers Lasting Powers of Attorney and supervises deputies appointed by the Court of Protection. If finance or health and welfare concerns are raised with the OPG about an attorney or deputy, it can investigate, working with other organisations (such as local authorities or the NHS, where appropriate). Potential indicators which may indicate that closer review and possible investigation might be needed include a change in living conditions, inability to pay bills, unexplained shortage of money, the unexplained loss or misplacement of financial documents and sudden or unexpected changes in a will or other financial documents. See also the ‘Economic abuse’ section. The Care and support statutory guidance acts as key supporting guidance to the Care Act 2014, including setting out the role of the Principal Social Worker and local authorities, and covering adult safeguarding procedures. It is crucial that adult social workers receive regular, updated domestic abuse training. Health Health is not a reserved matter and it is within the legislative competence of the Senedd, therefore information in this section only applies to England. It is relevant to Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance health professionals in England whether working within NHS commissioned services or local authority commissioned health services such as 0 to 19 services, sexual health and drug and alcohol treatment services. Role and structures Health professionals not only interact with victims of abuse regularly, but they may also interact regularly with every member of the household including children. They are trusted professionals who can often have access to patients on their own during times of increased vulnerability, including during pregnancy for women. This access can result in high volumes of disclosures of abuse. As a result, health professionals are ideally placed to identify and respond to the needs of victims, perpetrators and children and must be supported appropriately to do so. Domestic Homicide Reviews (DHRs) frequently cite health professionals as those with the best chance of taking action, and analysis of Domestic Homicide Reviews has shown the significant role that health professionals play. Some victims may be long- term patients which reinforces the importance of the relationship with health professionals. The Health and Care Act 2022 builds upon the work of voluntary Integrated Care Systems, by establishing 42 Integrated Care Boards (ICBs), and requiring