liaising with the police: At the hospital Ð they took my blood, they didnÕt do anything they just kept them, they didnÕt know what they were doing. The Dr couldnÕt understand what the idea of spiking was, I had to explain it to her for about 20 minutes. (Participant 3) I went to the hospital, in [name of town] and they werenÕt interested at all. IÕve just found the whole scenario I "nd myself in frightening. I went to the NHS emergency walk in, I said Ôa few days ago I was spiked with a syringe in the side of my bodyÕ and they said Ôno we donÕt do that, we donÕt do that here.Õ They said Ôdo you have any other injuries?Õ They said ÔOh well if you want to hang around IÕll have a look at the bruise for you.Õ (Participant 2) Participant 2 had been hoping in attending the walk in to obtain PEP Ð post-exposure prophylaxis for HIV Ð as he was concerned that the injection he was spiked with may not have been clean. He then went to the sexual health clinic and his General Practitioner. However, the only thing he was able to obtain was a HIV test that could be done three months after the incident and was told he did not meet the criteria for PEP. We agree with Blandamer et al. (2023) that there needs to be greater consideration on responses from a healthcare perspective. They argue that e!cient testing will improve a coordinated response and Ôinformation sharing between Eds [emergency departments], public health bodies and the police. This could potentially enhance police and healthcare responses, particularly to injection spiking, given the current paucity of dataÕ (Blandamer et al. 2023, p. 4). The health impacts were not limited to short term acute problems. In the weeks and months following the needle spiking, participants spoke longer term health impacts linked to anxiety, as demonstrated in these examples: IÕm not the same person now. IÕm very cautious about going into bars and clubs. I had a birthday party, but IÕve not had a drink of alcohol since. IÕm very subdued. Very quiet. (Participant 2) I had a panic attack and couldnÕt breathe É the "rst time I walked past the clubs on the high street I had an anxiety attack. (Participant 3) Most of the media coverage and national responses have been focused on criminal justice, and speci"cally on policing of spiking. However, there are clear overlapping needs from needle (and other forms of) spiking in terms of health and criminal justice. Greater multi-agency working is required both on practical and strategic fronts, at a local and national level to respond in a multi- agency way to a multi-agency problem. Conclusions This research has joined together existing research, media articles and government documents along with new empirical data to o#er new knowledge about needle spiking. In paying attention to the new form of spiking using needles, debates about how we respond to drink