need to be demonstrated for each firearm to be held under section 1 of the 1968 Act. 12.7 With the exception of the limits set by the Deer Act (for more information, see Chapter 13) and similar legislation, the suggested calibres for different quarry species are intended as examples of the typical range of calibres used rather than prescriptive limits. In most cases there will be a range of broadly similar commercial calibres suitable for different quarry (see paragraph 12.8 for definition of this term for the purposes of this guidance). Quarry shooting, including shooting pest species (vermin) and other shooting over land 12.8 ÔQuarryÕ is the general term for live animals (including birds) shot over land. In this context, ÔlandÕ means an area to be shot over, for example, a woodland, moorland, heath, wetland, foreshore, open water or field. Firearm certificate holders may wish to use firearms to shoot deer, game, pest or other quarry species. Calibres 95 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law authorised should have sufficient muzzle energy to ensure a clean humane dispatch of the quarry species concerned. 12.9 A certificate holder may shoot any quarry that is lawful (where they are authorised to shoot). Whilst guidance is provided, it is the responsibility of the shooter to know what calibre is suitable for which quarry, and when certain quarry or ammunition is lawful (including the need to obtain or rely upon a licence from the relevant licensing authority to permit the shooting of protected species). Once initial Ògood reasonÓ has been established for the possession of a firearm, there is no requirement for Ògood reasonÓ to be demonstrated for additional quarry species or amendments providing the firearms are not underpowered for the species (see also paragraph 12.16). A cartridge should be capable of achieving a humane dispatch, and it is the responsibility of the shooter to ensure that any excess energy will be absorbed by the backstop. The Òany other lawful quarryÓ condition (which also applies to protected species that the certificate holder might be licensed to shoot) should be applied. If an applicant is suitable to hold a firearm certificate and is deemed safe to do so, there is no requirement to restrict the quarry they shoot by the use of conditions imposed on the individualÕs firearm certificate. A person wishing to shoot over land should nominate in their application a specific area of land over which they intend to or have permission to shoot (this does not restrict their ability to shoot elsewhere where permission is also given), and provide written authority, where appropriate, from the person entitled to grant the shooting rights. The land may then be examined and approved by the police (if it is not already known to be suitable) in order to help to establish that the Ògood reasonÓ requirement has been fully met, and that the use of firearms and ammunition will not endanger public safety or the peace (section 27(1)(c) of the 1968 Act). 12.10 The land need not