marriage Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes relation to a body corporate whose affairs are managed by its members, means a member of the body corporate. (6) Proceedings for an offence under this paragraph may not be instituted except by, or with the consent of, the Attorney General. Offence under paragraph 2: defences 3 (1) This paragraph applies where a person (Òthe defendantÓ) is charged with an offence under paragraph 2 as a result of the inclusion of any matter in a publication. (2) It is a defence for the defendant to prove that, at the time of the alleged offence, the defendant was not aware, and did not suspect or have reason to suspect, thatÑ (a) the publication included the matter in question, or (b) the allegation in question had been made. (3) It is a defence for the defendant to prove that the publication in which the matter appeared was one in respect of which the victim had given written consent to the appearance of matter of that description. (4) The defence in sub-paragraph (3) is not available ifÑ (a) the victim was under the age of 16 at the time when his or her consent was given, or (b) a person interfered unreasonably with the peace and comfort of the victim with a view to obtaining his or her consent. (5) In this paragraph, Òthe victimÓ means the person against whom the offence of forced marriage in question is alleged to have been committed.] Special rules for providers of information society services F854 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 (1) Proceedings for an offence under paragraph 2 may not be taken against a non- UK service provider in respect of anything done in the course of the provision of information society services unless the derogation condition is met. (2) The derogation condition is that taking proceedingsÑ (a) is necessary for the purposes of the public interest objective, (b) relates to an information society service that prejudices that objective or presents a serious and grave risk of prejudice to that objective, and (c) is proportionate to that objective. (3) ÒThe public interest objectiveÓ means the pursuit of public policy. 6 (1) A service provider does not commit an offence under paragraph 2 by providing access to a communication network or by transmitting, in a communication network, information provided by a recipient of the service, if the service provider does