for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (8) The references in [F183this section] to an item that is ÒonÓ any land include references to an item that is in the possession of a person who is on any such land. 146 Power of court on conviction (1) The court may do either or both of the following on the conviction of a person (ÒPÓ) of an offence under section 143Ñ (a) make an order providing for the forfeiture of any item of a kind mentioned in subsection (2) of that section that was used in the commission of the offence; (b) make such other order as the court considers appropriate for the purpose of preventing P from engaging in any prohibited activity in [F184a relevant area]. (2) An order under subsection (1)(b) may (in particular) require P not to enter [F185a relevant area] for such period as may be specified in the order. [F186(2A) In this section Òrelevant areaÓ means an area consisting of either or both of the following areasÑ (a) the controlled area of Parliament Square , and (b) the Palace of Westminster controlled area.] (3) Power of the court to make an order under this section is in addition to the court's power to impose a fine under section 143(8). (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 143 147 Authorisation for operation of amplified noise equipment (1) The responsible authority for any land in the controlled area of Parliament Square [F187or the Palace of Westminster controlled area] may authorise a person in accordance with this section to operate on that land [F188(or any part of it)] any amplified noise equipment (as defined by section 143(4)). (2) An application for authorisation must be made to the responsible authority by or on behalf of the person (or persons) seeking the authorisation. (3) The responsible authority mayÑ (a) determine the form in which, and the manner in which, an application is to be made; (b) specify the information to be supplied in connection with an application; (c) require a fee to be paid for determining an application. (4) If an application is duly made to a responsible authority, the authority mustÑ (a) determine the application, and (b) give notice in writing to the applicant of the authority's decision within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the authority receives the application. (5) The notice must specifyÑ (a) the person (or persons) authorised (whether by name or description), (b) the kind of amplified noise equipment to which the authorisation applies, (c) the period to which the authorisation applies, and (d) any conditions to which the