by this standard include protection against: • Slash: attacks characterised by a short duration swipe of a bladed weapon across the body. • Fragmentation: characterised by small high velocity projectiles, often generated as a product of an explosive event. • Blunt trauma: characterised by relatively low velocity, high mass impacts with a blunt interface (e.g. thrown objects, road traffic accidents). Although the body armour produced in compliance with this standard has not been designed to address the above impact types, it may indirectly provide a level of protection. Other Home Office standards directly address the requirements for blunt trauma and slash resistant protective clothing: HOSDB Slash Resistance Standard for UK Police (45/05) (2006) HOSDB Blunt Trauma Protector Standard for UK Police (20/07) (2007) 3. Manufacturers information 3.1. General information This section details the requisite procedures for the certification of body armour intended for law enforcement. Certification only applies to a particular model of armour, manufactured in accordance with the manufacturerÕs technical file. No changes to the construction are permitted under this certification without prior notification to CAST. CAST shall assess changes on a case-by-case basis and these may be subject to further testing, in accordance with the methods documented within this standard. Any armour which fails in certification cannot be re-submitted using the same construction. Each body armour produced post certification shall have a unique serial number identifying the individual armour. Manufacturers are responsible for ensuring continued performance of their armour, via their quality assurance process. In addition, manufacturers shall adhere to the PQT and, where applicable, ILM procedures outlined within this standard. CAST reserve the right to spot check armour at any time should it be considered necessary. If there are significant concerns relating to the safety or quality of any armour, CAST reserves the right to withhold or remove certification. All certification testing must be performed at one of CASTÕs accredited test facilities (Appendix C). Manufacturers may witness testing of their own products at accredited test facilities, subject to agreement with the facility, but are prohibited from interfering with test protocol. Details of certified products will be shared on a public database. The following information will be published (if a manufacturer does not wish for their product to be included on the database this shall be made clear during the submission process). • Manufacturer name. • Armour model unique identifier (model reference). • Protection level(s). • Certification expiry date (date after which, the armour certification is no longer valid and requires a PQT certificate). • PQT test reference (once minimum test criteria met). 3.2. Armour classifications 3.2.1. Protection levels There are three main categories of protection within the standard: ballistic, knife, and knife with spike. Body armour submitted for certification testing can be assessed to multiple protection levels within and between protection categories. For example, a single body armour could be tested for multiple ballistic protection levels as well as knife and spike protection. 3.2.2. Types of armour For the purposes of this standard, body armour has been