trigger blade and any external hammer be left free to move. However, they must be independent of each other and trigger mechanism and fill the area with weld not linked in any way. or epoxy resin. 3.10 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). 3.11 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 3.12 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove all the inner Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ parts where possible and their attachment would not apply to moderators points of the moderator so that only a tube where ba?es are welded in remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. place at manufacture. Break action 4 Break action firearms (e.g. smoothbore, rifled, combination, falling/rolling block action, short and long firearms) Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 4.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot through the barrel including the chamber where present (width: > ? calibre; length: for rifled barrels three times the length of chamber and for smoothbore barrels twice the length of the chamber). For firearms without chamber included in the barrel, cut a longitudinal slot (width > ? calibre; length: minimum ? the length of the barrel from the forcing cone). 4.2 Barrel: A tight fitting plug of at least 2/3 length of the chamber is to be securely welded into the chamber and should be positioned as close to the breech as possible. 4.3 Barrel: Remove the feed ramp where present. 4.4 Barrel: The barrel must be permanently secured to the firearm by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 4.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels not a?xed to the firearm, apply operations 4.1-4.4 as Guidance Notes Note - 4.4 does not apply to exchange barrels. Exchange applicable. In addition, the barrels must be barrels for break action firearms permanently prevented from being a?xed to may only be submitted as part of a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. a factory set and not as individual barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels submitted will be recorded on the deactivation certificate of the firearm they are submitted with. 4.6 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the As long as the physical link to