particular relevance if the subject of the SCPO has only been charged with the breach offence and the investigator is planning to obtain a replacement order under the new power described above (section 48). 1. Section 50: Consolidation of the Financial Reporting Order into the SCPO 29. As a result of the changes made by section 50 of the 2015 Act, the SCPO will become the means of imposing financial reporting requirements on a person following a conviction instead of the Financial Reporting Order (ÒFROÓ). The aim of this change is to improve the use of financial reporting requirements as a means of preventing further involvement in crime. 30. The FRO was a ãpost conviction? order introduced by Chapter 3 of Part 2 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005. While FROs have been used by law enforcement agencies, the total usage was less than expected. A limitation of the FRO is that breaching the order is a summary only offence and, as such, subject to a maximum penalty of six months? imprisonment. This also restricts the powers that could be used to investigate the breach offence. 31. The SCPO was introduced after the FRO and there is overlap between the two civil orders. The large majority of FRO and SCPO qualifying offences are the same, they can both be used to impose financial reporting requirements, and they are both used ãpost conviction?. However, breach of an SCPO is an either way offence (that is, it can be dealt with by a magistrates? court or the Crown Court) and therefore does not have the drawbacks of the FRO. The starting date of an SCPO can also be delayed Ð for example, until the subject is released from prison. 32. Section 50 of the 2015 Act therefore repeals the FRO legislation; henceforth financial reporting requirements will be imposed through an SCPO. This change will also simplify the landscape of preventative civil orders and reduce the administrative burden on the agencies who work on applications. Section 50 also replicates the information sharing provisions in the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 so that law enforcement officers can verify the reports of individuals subject to a SCPO (for example, by seeking information from banks and other financial institutions). 33. Prosecutors other than the CPS (for example, the Financial Conduct Authority) previously had the power to make applications for the FRO but do not have the power to make applications for SCPOs. The CPS has agreed to make the applications on their behalf. 34. Under transitional provisions in section 86 of the 2015 Act, existing FROs will remain active until they expire, and the existing offence of breaching an FRO will remain available. 1. Background 35. Gang injunctions are civil orders designed to prevent an individual from being involved in gang-related violence; the statutory framework is to be found in Part 4 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (Òthe 2009 ActÓ). Under the 2009 Act applications for a gang injunction