who are cleared to have long term, frequent and uncontrolled access to TOP SECRET information or assets. Incidents of a sensitive nature In the rare case of an extremely sensitive incident, such as a nuclear or terrorist attack, it is important that Category 1 and 2 responders assess the appropriateness of clearances for staff and volunteers. This judgment must be based on how frequently staff are likely to come into contact with any sensitive information arising from the incident. Category 1 and 2 responders should be willing to challenge organisations which demand unwarranted levels of clearance. Category 2 responders 3.46. As with co-operation obligations, it is important for Category 1 responders to be realistic about what information is requested from Category 2 responders. Information sharing has the potential to be very burdensome if it is not handled responsibly. 3.47. Category 2 responders often put information about their activities into the public domain. Information about the overall regulatory regime for Category 2 responders such as the utility and transport sectors is also widely available. In the first instance, Category 1 responders should seek information about the civil protection arrangements of Category 2 responders from these open sources. To facilitate this, the Government will work with Category 2 responders to put as much information as practical about their industryÕs civil protection arrangements into the public domain. 3.48. Whilst Category 2 responders do not have the same planning duties as Category 1 responders, Category 2 responders do have a duty to provide information when requested by another responder 22 if the responder requires it: o to perform its duties under the CCA; or o in connection with the performance of another of its functions which relates to an emergency. 22 regulation 44A, 47 (1), 49 (1), 50 If a request is made, the Category 2 responder must, unless the information is sensitive, comply with the request. In addition to the exceptions discussed elsewhere in this chapter, the regulations prevent a Category 2 responder providing information if they consider that: o the information requested is personal data and disclosure would contravene a data protection principle; or o disclosure would be likely to adversely affect the confidentiality of the information. In relation to information on vulnerable people, disclosure should not contravene a data protection principle. Provided that the requesting agency gives an assurance that the confidentiality of the information will not be breached, the Category 2 responder would be expected to provide the information as a general duty under the regulations. 3.49. Beyond these generic arrangements, Category 1 responders can generally expect to be making information requests in a limited number of areas: o information about local configuration of national arrangements; o information about specific local facilities; and o contact details of key staff. 3.50. Of course, this list is not exclusive. If a Category 1 responder wants information in order to discharge its duties under the Act, it should approach the Category 2 responder in question and begin a dialogue about access. If that