authorityÓ substitute Ò making a collaboration agreement to which a chief officer of police is to be a party, a policing body Ó. (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò policing body Ó; (b) for Òconsider makingÓ substitute Ò make Ó. (5) In subsection (4), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò policing body Ó. 7 In section 23E (collaboration agreements: publication), in subsection (2), for the words before ÒmustÓ substitute Ò In a case where information is notified to a chief officer of police under section 23D(2), that information Ó. 8 In section 23F (collaboration agreements: guidance), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ (in each place) substitute Ò policing bodies Ó. 1 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 12 Ð Collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 221 9 In section 23G (collaboration agreements: directions), in subsections (1) and (2), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò policing bodies Ó. 10 After section 23H insertÑ Ò23HA Decisions about efficiency or effectiveness In reaching a conclusion about whether or not a collaboration agreement is, or would be, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness of one or more police forces (the Òpolice forces under considerationÓ), a person must, in particular, considerÑ (a) the existing collaboration agreements, and other arrangements for co-operation, to which the police forces under consideration are parties; (b) the desirability of police forces taking a consistent approach in making such agreements and other arrangements; and (c) the opportunities available to the police forces under consideration to make such agreements and other arrangements.Ó. 11 (1) Section 23I (collaboration agreements: definitions) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1), for Ò23Ó substitute Ò 22A Ó. (3) In subsection (4), for the words before paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(4) Policing bodyÓ meansÑ (aa) a local policing body,Ó. (4) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(5) The following expressions have the meanings given in section 22AÑ Òcollaboration agreementÓ; Òforce collaboration provisionÓ; Òpolicing body collaboration provisionÓ; Òpolicing body & force collaboration provisionÓ. (6) References to the police force which a policing body is responsible for maintaining includeÑ (5) 222 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 13 Ð Police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) in the case of the British Transport Police Authority, the British Transport Police, and (b) in the case of the Civil Nuclear Police Authority, the Civil Nuclear Constabulary. (7) References to a police force includeÑ (a) references to the special constables appointed by a chief officer of police, and (b) references to the civilian employees of