1: Adult - concern for safety Ð No PPD 1 or VRA is required to be completed Strand 2: Crime or ASB against vulnerable adults Ð Complete VRA Strand 3: Adults at risk - PPD1 to be completed. DO NOT complete a VRA Children (Under 18), who have come to the notice of police or who are at risk of harm ALWAYS require a PPD1 to be sent to the ChildrenÕs MASH, including being present at any incident which involves any of the above Strands of adult vulnerability. Where a Vulnerability Risk Assessment (VRA) has been completed and a risk has been identified the resultant grading will determine the next course of action: • High risk incidents will be sent to the Duty Inspector to review and ensure relevant safety/security measures are in place. • Medium and Standard risk incidents will be sent to the Duty Sergeants to review and confirm any relevant initial actions. Additionally, a task must be sent by the officer completing the VRA to CCC to change the vulnerability marker from ÔinitialÕ to the relevant level of risk. NB: Responsibility for investigating any crimes will remain with the initial attending officer (unless agreed otherwise). 7.3 Investigators are responsible for reviewing any risk assessment of victim and witness safety and ensuring that appropriate measures are in place to protect them. 7.1 7.4 Whilst dealing with a suspect in custody, the investigator has a duty to inform the custody sergeant of any information that relates to the vulnerability of the victim and/or witnesses. This will allow the custody sergeant to make an informed decision around whether or not to refuse bail. 7.5 When a suspect has been dealt with, the investigator will inform the victim as soon as practicable. Appendix 2 details the minimum time requirements for updating victims as per the Victims Code of Practice. It should be stressed that these are the minimum standards required and it is expected that staff will in all but the exceptional cases exceed this standard. If the suspect has been released on bail (with or without) conditions they will ensure that the victim has adequate safety plans in place. It is vital that the victim and witnesses are made aware of the details of any bail conditions, so that they can report breaches and positive police action be taken to arrest the offender. The fact that the victim has been updated and how they were updated (e.g. phone, in person, letter etc.) will be recorded on the Niche Investigation Log. JUSTICE 8.1 The investigating officer has a responsibility to ensure that the CPS are made aware that a case is Hate related. It is suggested that this is clearly identified in the opening comments of the case summary (MG5). Importantly annotate the MG6 to inform CPS that the matter is a Hate Crime. 8.2 Penalty Notices will not be issued for any offence which includes a Hate Crime aggravating factor. 8.3 Authority must be sought from the Crown Prosecution Service