Practice Direction 12J, which supplements those rules, sets out what the court is required to do in child arrangements cases where domestic abuse is alleged or admitted, or there is other reason to believe that the child or a party is at risk of domestic abuse. The welfare of the child must be the court’s paramount consideration when making any child arrangements order.199 The court must be satisfied that any contact ordered with a parent who has perpetuated domestic abuse does not expose either the child or the parent with whom the child is living to risk of further harm. The 2020 Ministry of Justice report Assessing Risk of Harm to Children and Parents in Private Law Children Cases raised concerns about the experience of domestic abuse victims, including children in the family proceedings. The expert panel (the ‘Harm Panel’) considered over 1,200 submissions from individuals and organisations across England and Wales, together with roundtables and focus groups held with professionals, parents and children with experience of the family courts. Key themes of the report include: The pro-contact culture - respondents felt that courts placed undue priority on ensuring contact with the non-resident parent, which resulted in systemic minimisation of allegations of domestic abuse. Working in silos – submissions highlighted differences in approaches and culture between criminal justice, child protection (public law) and private law children proceedings, and lack of communication and coordination between family courts and other courts and agencies working with families, which led to contradictory decisions and confusion. An adversarial system – with parents placed in opposition on what is often not a level playing field in cases involving domestic abuse, child sexual abuse and self-representation, with little or no involvement of the child. In response, the Government published an Implementation Plan setting out commitments to improve the experience of domestic abuse victims, including children in private law proceedings. This plan included a commitment to address the Harm Panel’s conclusion that perpetrators sometimes use the family court as a way to continue their abuse, often bringing victims back repeatedly, which can itself be a traumatising process. An order under section 91(14) of the Children Act 1989 (‘the 1989 Act’) (also known as a barring order) can be made by the court to require individuals to seek permission before they can apply again for particular orders. The Harm Panel concluded in its report that this power has not been used sufficiently. The Government has therefore introduced section 91A to the 1989 Act, inserted by section 67 of the 2021 Act. Section 67 makes clear that section 91 (14) orders can be made by the court when it is satisfied that the making of a further application for an order under that Act, would put the child 199 Section 1(1) of the Children Act 1989. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance concerned, or another individual, at risk of harm. Risk of harm includes risk of harm from domestic abuse, including seeing or hearing it. Once brought into force, section