weapon or ammunition, the unlawful possession of prohibited weapons or ammunition for sale or transfer, and the unlawful purchase or acquisition of prohibited weapons or ammunition for sale or transfer. 3.3 Those weapons and ammunition which are prohibited consist of: i) any firearm which is so designed or adapted that two or more missiles can be successively discharged without repeated pressure on the trigger (section 5(1)(a)); o Section 5(1)(a) includes weapons such as machine guns, sub-machine guns, chain guns and the so-called Ôburst-fireÕ weapons in which several missiles (typically 3-5) are discharged in succession on a single application of the trigger. Case law also suggests that the courts should consider the actual operation of the firearm rather than the intent of the designers. ii) any self-loading or pump-action rifled gun other than one which is chambered for .22 rim-fire cartridges (section 5(1)(ab)); o Section 5(1)(ab) includes carbines, which are included in the definition of a rifle in section 57(4) of the 1968 Act. Originally, a carbine was a short musket or rifle intended for use by mounted troops, but the term has come to mean any rifle with a short barrel. o Also caught in this category are the so-called ÔhybridÕ firearms such as the Colt Armalite AR-15 ÔpistolÕ. These weapons are self-loading versions of long arms made to operate in self-loading mode only and sold without a shoulder stock. The term ÔautomaticÕ is also sometimes incorrectly applied to self-loading pistols. 20 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law iii) any firearm which either has a barrel less than 30 centimetres in length or is less than 60 centimetres in length overall, other than an air weapon, a muzzle- loading gun or a firearm designed as signalling apparatus (section 5(1)(aba)); o Section 5(1)(aba) affects small firearms that are easily concealed. Muzzle- loading firearms (including cap and ball revolvers) and flare pistols are excluded. It should be remembered that the 1997 Act did not ban pistols as such and was drafted in terms of small firearms. NB: section 5(1)(aba) includes Ôspecially dangerousÕ air pistols and Ôspecially dangerousÕ short air rifles. o In terms of measurement, section 57(6) of the 1968 Act makes provision for the barrel to be measured from the muzzle to the point at which the charge is exploded on firing. In measuring the overall length, any detachable, folding, retractable or other movable butt-stock should be disregarded in accordance with section 5(8) of the 1968 Act. o Any long-barrelled pistols with dimensions greater than those stipulated in section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act (such as the long barrelled Uberti Cattleman revolver) are not caught by this section of the Act and may legally be held on a firearm certificate. o The Olympic .380 BBM starting pistol was identified as readily convertible in 2010 and now falls within the definition of a prohibited firearm under section 5(1)(aba). iv) any self-loading or pump-action smooth-bore gun which is not an air weapon or chambered for .22 rim-fire cartridges and either has a barrel less