staff of the College. (3) On appointmentÑ (a) a person within subsection (1)(a) holds that office with the same rank that the person held immediately before appointment, or with whatever higher rank the College decides; (b) a person within subsection (1)(b) holds that office with whatever rank, above that of chief superintendent, the College decides.Ó (a) 108 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 11 Ð Policing etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 129 Disclosure of information to the College After section 100A of the Police Act 1996 (inserted by section 128 above) there is insertedÑ Ò100B Disclosure of information to College of Policing A person who, apart from this section, would not have power to disclose information to the College of Policing has power to do so where the disclosure is made for the purposes of the exercise by the College of any of its functions.Ó 130 The College and the IPCC In Part 2 of the Police Reform Act 2002 (complaints and misconduct), before section 26C (inserted by section 11 of the Crime and Courts Act 2013) there is insertedÑ Ò26BA College of Policing (1) The Commission and the College of Policing must enter into an agreement for the establishment, in relation to members of the College's staff, of procedures corresponding or similar to those provided for by or under this Part. (2) An agreement under this sectionÑ (a) must not be made or varied except with the approval of the Secretary of State; and (b) must not be terminated unlessÑ (i) it is replaced by another such agreement, and (ii) the Secretary of State approves. (3) An agreement under this section may contain provision for enabling the Commission to bring and conduct, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any proceedings that are identified by the agreement as disciplinary hearings in relation to members of the College's staff. (4) Procedures established in accordance with an agreement under this section shall have no effect in relation to anything done outside England and Wales by any member of the College's staff.Ó Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 109 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May