for loitering or soliciting). Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 17 Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In determining for the purposes of section 1 of the Street Offences Act 1959 (c. 57) (as amended by this section) whether a person's conduct is persistent, any conduct that takes place before the commencement of this section is to be disregarded. Orders requiring attendance at meetings The Street Offences Act 1959 is amended as follows. In section 1 (loitering or soliciting for purposes of prostitution) after subsection (2) insert— “(2A) The court may deal with a person convicted of an offence under this section by making an order requiring the offender to attend three meetings with the person for the time being specified in the order (“the supervisor”) or with such other person as the supervisor may direct. (2B) The purpose of an order under subsection (2A) is to assist the offender, through attendance at those meetings, to— address the causes of the conduct constituting the offence, and find ways to cease engaging in such conduct in the future. (2C) Where the court is dealing with an offender who is already subject to an order under subsection (2A), the court may not make a further order under that subsection unless it first revokes the existing order. (2D) If the court makes an order under subsection (2A) it may not impose any other penalty in respect of the offence.” After section 1 insert— “1A Orders under section 1(2A): supplementary This section applies to an order under section 1(2A). The order may not be made unless a suitable person has agreed to act as supervisor in relation to the offender. In subsection (2) “suitable person” means a person appearing to the court to have appropriate qualifications or experience for helping the offender to make the best use of the meetings for the purpose mentioned in section 1(2B). The order must specify— a date (not more than six months after the date of the order) by which the meetings required by the order must take place; the local justice area in which the offender resides or will reside while the order is in force. The supervisor must determine— the times of the meetings required by the order and their duration, and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known