is designated under sub-paragraph (2) in relation to any investigation, but (b) does not already, by virtue of section 97(8) of the 1996 Act, have all the powers and privileges of a constable throughout England and Wales and the adjacent United Kingdom waters, shall, for the purposes of the carrying out of the investigation and all purposes connected with it, have all those powers and privileges throughout England and Wales and those waters. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 201 (5) A [F762person designated under sub-paragraph (2)] who is not a constable shall not, as a result of sub-paragraph (4), be treated as being in police service for the purposes ofÑ (a) section 280 of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (c. 52) (person in police service excluded from definitions of ÒworkerÓ and ÒemployeeÓ); or (b) section 200 of the Employment Rights Act 1996 (c. 18) (certain provisions of that Act not to apply to persons in police service). F763(6) The Secretary of State may by order [F764provide thatÑ (a) such provisions of the 1984 Act relating to investigations of offences conducted by police officers as may be specified in the order, and (b) such provisions of a code of practice under section 60, 60A or 66 of that Act as may be so specified, shall apply.] [F765(6A) An order under sub-paragraph (6) may, in particular, provide that where a provision applied by the order allows a power to be exercised only if an authorisation is given by a police officer of or above a particular rank, the authorisation may be given by a [F766the Director General or a member of the Office's staff] of or above a specified grade.] (7) References in this paragraph to the powers and privileges of a constableÑ (a) are references to any power or privilege conferred by or under any enactment (including one passed after the passing of this Act) on a constable; and F767(aa) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (b) shall have effect as if every such power were exercisable, and every such privilege existed, throughout England and Wales and the adjacent United Kingdom waters (whether or not that is the case apart from this sub- paragraph). (8) In this paragraph ÒUnited Kingdom watersÓ means the sea and other waters within the seaward limits of the United KingdomÕs