responders, exercising functions within the devolved competence in Scotland, should perform their duties under the Act. 10.1. 10.5. In an emergency affecting Scotland, the lead Government department will be a UK Government department or the Scottish Government depending upon whether it primarily relates to a reserved or devolved matter. Where the emergency involves reserved functions the Scottish Government is very likely to be involved as well since there will almost certainly be consequences in devolved matters. 10.6. The Scottish Government or Scotland Office, depending on the subject matter, are represented on the key committees and forums within central government relating to civil protection at both official and Ministerial levels. They work closely with relevant UK departments to ensure Scottish needs are catered for in UK planning and in policy development. 10.7. The Scottish Government and UK departments act to ensure that they are aware of, and can play a complementary part in, the response to emergencies that affect Scotland. 10.8. Preparing Scotland brings together, in one place, statutory guidance on the implementation of the Regulations, non-statutory guidance on good practice, and the integration of national and local planning for emergencies in respect of devolved functions. It is published at www.scotland.gov.uk/Publications/2007/06/12094636/1 10.1. Scottish bodies over which Scottish Ministers have regulation-making powers in relation to devolved matters: Category 1 o local authorities o police authorities (excluding the British Transport Police) o fire authorities o Scottish Ambulance Service o Scottish health boards o Scottish Environmental Protection Agency Category 2 o Scottish Water o Common Services Agency of the NHS Scotland o railway companies o airport operators o harbour authorities The following Category 1 and 2 responders exercise reserved functions in Scotland and regulations are therefore made by UK Ministers o Health and Safety Executive o Maritime and Coastguard Agency o British Transport Police o The following Category 2 companies operate in reserved areas and regulations are therefore made by UK Ministers o gas distributors o electricity distributors o telecommunications companies o Chapter 11 Wales Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme October 2011 Chapter 11 (Wales) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version Summary • The arrangements set out in Part 1 of the Act apply in Wales. However, there are some differences in the requirements which the Regulations place on Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales because of the unique administrative arrangements in Wales (paragraphs 11.1Ð11.5). • While functions under Part 1 of the Act have not been transferred to the Welsh Ministers, the Welsh Government has significant interest in this area and is primarily responsible for a number of Category 1 and 2 responders (paragraphs 11.6Ð11.14). • Category 1 and 2 responders and other organisations are engaged in response work together with the Welsh Government to address large-scale civil protection issues in Wales. The Wales Resilience Forum (WRF) promotes good communication and the enhancement of emergency planning across agencies and services in Wales by pro- viding a forum for Chief Officers to discuss with Welsh Ministers strategic issues of emergency