IM & A to the SIRO and disseminated to IAO. Control of information risk will be carried out using an Information Security Management System (ISMS) in accordance with applicable standards and community of trust governance and information risk baseline requirements. IAO will have some discretion over how to demonstrate compliance although in the majority of areas, a specific approach will be mandated. Security Classification, Personnel Security, Physical Security and Business Continuity are governed by separate policies and guidance as outlined in Chapter 3. Business models and business plans will take account of information risk assessments. Measuring performance and providing assurance Ð Wiltshire Police will: • Measure and improve information risk management culture using the Community of Trust GIRR • Report risks quarterly in response to legislative and regulatory body requirements • Audit the implementation of this and complementary security policies at least annually and make a public statement about the quality of our system of internal control • Report incidents in accordance with Cabinet Office, Home Office and local requirements as outlined at Annex E • Ensure that all mission critical Information Systems (IS) handling Classified or otherwise sensitive information (personal data for example) will be ÔAssuredÕ in accordance with applicable HMG Standards and ÔReassuredÕ when the threats and or risks change or when the system undergoes significant change or at least every 5 years for Official, every 3 years for Official-Sensitive and annually for Secret. Supporting infrastructure will be subject to bi-annual Assurance Non compliance Ð will result in performance / misconduct considerations and, in some cases criminal investigation unless the SIRO has explicitly authorised a compliance expectation waiver. Business Risk Environment Overview Risk management is seen as the key to successful delivery of policing whilst protecting stakeholder interests. This allows Wiltshire Police to have increased confidence in achieving its desired outcomes, effectively constrain threats to acceptable levels and reach informed decisions about exploiting opportunities. Table of contents Information Risk Appetite National Ð Cautious Force Official Ð Open (Willing to consider all options and choose the one that is most likely to result in successful delivery while also providing an acceptable level of reward). Official-Sensitive Ð Cautious (Preference for safe options that have a low degree of residual risk and may only have limited potential for reward). Secret Ð Minimalist (Preference for ultra safe options that have a low degree of inherent risk and only have a potential for limited reward). Risk Tolerance Official Ð Medium Official-Sensitive Ð Low Secret Ð Very Low Reason for Variance (if any) National Classification change NB. The SIRO will be given every possible option for managing risk above set risk tolerance level. Governance The Wiltshire Police Information Risk Appetite is owned by the SIRO and approved by the AO. It is reviewed and updated on an inherent and residual basis and at least annually and or when triggered by a major security incident or identified very high risk. Delegation and Escalation • The roles authorized to accept information risk are as follows: •