of all episodes where assessment factor information was recorded).. ONS. Characteristics of children in need: 2020 to 2021: Data year ending March 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance workers are therefore an important partner both in the identification of domestic abuse and the service response – whether by engaging families to keep children safe from harm, supporting a safeguarding response to teenage victims or perpetrators of intimate partner abuse, finding the best possible care when children cannot live at home, or creating the conditions that enable children to thrive and achieve. Children’s social workers play a crucial role within the wider multi-agency response, alongside other safeguarding partners, statutory and non-statutory, such as the police, schools, and health, to help protect children. All social workers must meet Social Work England’s (SWE) professional standards for registration (and initial training must prepare new social workers to meet these standards). Professional Standards Guidance that social workers must use social work theories, models, and research, alongside the evidence from assessments, in making their professional judgements. In responding to domestic abuse, this might include taking into account known risk factors associated with domestic abuse such as pregnancy,152 as well as co-occurrence with other factors, including adult mental ill- health and substance use.153 It is important that social workers continue to develop their knowledge and skills through continuing professional development; this should include an understanding of the different forms of domestic abuse. All social workers are required to undertake development and training and upload a record of this to maintain their registration with SWE. Training should be bespoke and specifically address experiences and needs of children and young people with diverse identities and backgrounds. Once children and family social workers are qualified there are clear expectations in Post Qualifying Standards (PQS) under the Children and Social Work Act 2017. The ‘Post-Qualifying Standard: Knowledge and Skills Statement for Children and Family Practitioners’ sets out, for example, the expectation that child and family social workers have the knowledge and skills to identify the impact of domestic abuse and work with other professionals to ensure vulnerable adults are safeguarded and children are protected. Given the insidious and often hidden nature of domestic abuse, it is critical that social workers employ professional curiosity to recognise patterns of behaviour over time. Social workers should understand the stigma and fear that victims may have when disclosing domestic abuse, including the fear by the non-abusive parent of the possibility of having their children removed, should they disclose abuse. They should also be alive to the ways in which perpetrators might seek to manipulate them or other professionals. This stigma may be compounded by intersecting factors which may create further barriers in disclosure. Social workers should have the ability to build empathic and trusting relationships to seek to overcome this, understanding the nuances of each situation and working with the victim’s wishes where possible. 152 Yakubovich, A, et al. Risk and protective factors for intimate partner violence against women: Systematic review and meta-analyses of