communicating with the vulnerable and victims in an emergency Annex 7A: ÒCommunicating with the public: the national context Ò Annex 7B: ÒLead responsibility for warning and informing the publicÓ Annex 7C: ÒChecklist of suggested protocolsÓ Chapter 14: ÒThe role of the voluntary sectorÓ Annex 14A: ÒExamples of voluntary sector activities in support of statutory servicesÓ Home Office document Recovery: an emerg ency management guide (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/recovery-an-emerg ency-management-g uide) Communicating risk guidance (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/communicating-risk-g uidance) Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Policy Branch (http://www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/index/making-g overnment-work/civil-contingencies.htm) - a guide to emergency planning arrangements, risk assessment and other documentation is available on this website LondonÕs strategic emerg ency plan (http://www.london.gov.uk/priorities/london- prepared/home) Devolved administrations This section describes emergency preparedness and planning arrangements in the devolved administrations, where these differ from UK government and local and its associated Regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. More detail on the specific duties under the Act and how they apply in the Devolved Administrations can be found in chapters 2 to 8 of the guidance document ÔEmerg ency preparednessÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency- preparedness). Emergency preparedness in Scotland In devolved areas the Scottish government is designated as the lead on relevant issues in line with the Ôlead departmentÕ principle at the UK level. In reserved areas the Scottish government works closely with the UK government to ensure that Scottish needs are catered for. Overall responsibility for civil protection policy in Scotland sits with the Scottish Resilience Division of the Scottish government. At the local level in Scotland, 8 strategic coordinating groups based on current police force areas promote effective planning for all types of incidents in their area, involving risk assessment, making generic and specific emergency plans, engaging with the community, training, testing, exercising and reviewing. Scottish government civil emerg encies website (http://www.scotland.gov.uk/Topics/Justice/public-safety/emerg encies) Emergency preparedness in Wales The Welsh government (WG) or Wales Office, depending on the subject matter, is represented on relevant committees and forums within the UK government relating to civil protection. They work closely with UK government departments to ensure that UK civil protection policy and planning is tailored to Welsh needs. A dedicated team in WG supports multi-agency co-operation in Wales and engagement with the UK government on issues relating to civil protection and emergency preparedness. As in England, local resilience forums (LRFs) are the principle mechanism for multi- agency co-operation on civil protection issues. The respective Chief Constables presently chair the LRFs in the South Wales, North Wales, Dyfed-Powys and Gwent areas. The Welsh Resilience Forum (WRF) provides a national forum for multi- agency strategic advice on civil protection and emergency planning. The forum meets quarterly and is chaired by the First Minister or the Minister for Social Justice and Regeneration. Risk assessment at a pan-Wales level is undertaken by the Wales Risk Assessment Group (WRAG) reporting to the WRF. A number of other groups provide forums for discussion and co-ordination of civil protection in Wales, including: the Joint Emergency Services Group; the Wales Media Emergency Forum; and the Welsh Borders Resilience Group. Welsh civil emerg