be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings. [F110(2A) In this Part “death or serious injury matter” (or “DSI matter” for short) means [F111(subject to section 28A and any regulations made under it)] any circumstances (other than those which are or have been the subject of a complaint or which amount to a conduct matter)— in or in consequence of which a person has died or has sustained serious injury; and in relation to which the requirements of either subsection (2B) or subsection (2C) are satisfied. (2B) The requirements of this subsection are that at the time of the death or serious injury the person— had been arrested by a person serving with the police and had not been released from that arrest; or was otherwise detained in the custody of a person serving with the police. (2C) The requirements of this subsection are that— at or before the time of the death or serious injury the person had contact (of whatever kind, and whether direct or indirect) with a person serving with the police who was acting in the execution of his duties; and there is an indication that the contact may have caused (whether directly or indirectly) or contributed to the death or serious injury. (2D) In subsection (2A) the reference to a person includes a person serving with the police, but in relation to such a person “contact” in subsection (2C) does not include contact that he has whilst acting in the execution of his duties.] The complaints that are complaints for the purposes of this Part by virtue of [F112subsection (1B)(b)] do not, except in a case falling within subsection (4), include any [F113where the person in question] claims to have been adversely affected as a consequence only of having seen or heard the conduct, or any of the alleged effects of the conduct. A case falls within this subsection if— it was only because the person in question was physically present, or sufficiently nearby, when the conduct took place or the effects occurred that he was able to see or hear the conduct or its effects; or the adverse effect is attributable to, or was aggravated by, the fact that the person in relation to whom the conduct took place was already known to the person claiming to have suffered the adverse effect. [F114(4A) In this section, “the person in question” means the person expressing dissatisfaction or the person on whose behalf dissatisfaction is being expressed.] For the purposes of this section a person shall be taken to have witnessed conduct if, and only if— he acquired his knowledge of that conduct in a manner which would make him a competent witness capable of giving admissible evidence of that conduct in criminal proceedings; or he has in his possession or