hearing. Disclosure Officer Name SIGNATURE: CPS Prosecutor Name SIGNATURE: Date Date 3. FOR USE IN ALL NGAP CASES AT 1ST HEARING WHERE THERE ARE SOME ITEMS TO DISCLOSE URN: Defendant: First Name Last Name SCHEDULE OF NON-SENSITIVE UNUSED MATERIAL No. Police use CPS use (Brief description of materials including those falling under para.7.3 of the Code) (Against each item insert D for disclose; I for inspect; CND for clearly not disclosable) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Disclosure OfficerÕs Certification I certify Ð * that any relevant unused material has been recorded and retained in accordance with the CPIA 1996 Code of Practice (as amended) * that such material as is non-sensitive is shown on the schedule above, * and that to the best of my knowledge and belief itemsÉ in the schedule might reasonably undermine the prosecution case, or assist the defence with the early preparation of their case or at a bail hearing, becauseÉ. Disclosure Officer Name SIGNATURE: CPS Prosecutor Name SIGNATURE: Date Date Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Code of practice on litter and refuse Modification to the Code of Practice on Litter and Refuse 2006 Ð Effective enforcement 1. This modification of the Code of Practice on Litter and Refuse published in 2006 is made under section 89(9) of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 (ÔEPA 1990Õ) and is issued by the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural affairs. The Code of Practice on Litter and Refuse provides practical guidance on how to discharge the duties imposed on duty bodies to keep relevant land clear of litter and refuse, and on local authorities and the Secretary of State to keep clean those public highways for which they are responsible, as set out in section 89(1) and (2) EPA 1990. 2. Many duty bodies (referred to in this part of the Code of Practice as Òenforcing authoritiesÓ) also therefore have complementary enforcement powers to help deter and sanction the behaviours that lead to the defacement of land by litter. Appropriate, effective and proportionate use of enforcement powers will help all duty bodies to comply with their duties to keep relevant land clear of litter and refuse, and to keep relevant highways clean. A balanced approach to enforcement should strike the balance between national consistency, local circumstances, fairness and effectiveness. 3. This modification to the Code: (a) updates the Code in respect of the changes to fixed penalty levels, and the new civil penalties for littering from vehicles, that resulted from the introduction of the Environmental Offences Regulations (Fixed Penalties) (England) Regulations 2017 and the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018; (b) relates particularly to the use of fixed penalty notices in lieu of prosecution for the offences of littering (s87 EPA 1990), and the unauthorised distribution of free literature (paragraph 9 Schedule 3A EPA 1990), and the use of civil penalties to penalise the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown (s88A EPA 1990);