Transport Police Authority, the British Transport Police, and (b) in the case of the Civil Nuclear Police Authority, the Civil Nuclear Constabulary. (7) References to a police force includeÑ (a) references to the special constables appointed by a chief officer of police, and (b) references to the civilian employees of the police force; and references to the members of a police force are to be read accordingly. (8) For that purpose Òcivilian employeeÓ meansÑ (a) in the case of a police force maintained under section 2 or 5A, the members of the civilian staff of that force; (b) in the case of any other police force, the employees of the policing body responsible for maintaining that force who are under the direction and control of the chief officer of police of that force.Ó. SCHEDULE 13 Section 90 POLICE POWERS FOR CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES UNDER COLLABORATION AGREEMENTS Police Act 1996 1 After section 23A of the Police Act 1996 insertÑ Ò23AA Force collaboration provision about civilian employees (1) This section applies to force collaboration provision, contained in a collaboration agreement, which is about the discharge of functions by designated civilian employees of one police force (the Òassisting forceÓ) for the purposes of another police force (the Òassisted forceÓ). (2) The force collaboration provision must specifyÑ (a) the functions which the designated civilian employees are permitted by the collaboration agreement to discharge for the purposes of the assisted force, and (b) any restrictions or conditions on that permission for the designated civilian employees to discharge those functions. (3) The force collaboration provision must not permit the designated civilian employees to discharge functions for the purposes of the assisted force unless those employees are, by virtue of the relevant section 38 designation, authorised to discharge those functions for the purposes of the assisting force. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 13 Ð Police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 223 (4) The force collaboration provision does not authorise the designated civilian employees to discharge functions for the purposes of the assisted force (but see section 38B of the Police Reform Act 2002). (5) References in this section to the discharge of functions by civilian employees of the assisting force for the purposes of the assisted force include references toÑ (a) the joint discharge of functions by the civilian employees and members of the assisted police force, (b) the discharge of functions by the civilian employees in the assisted force's area, and (c) the provision of the civilian employees to the assisted force. (6) In this sectionÑ ÒdesignatedÓ, in relation to a civilian employee of a police force, means designated by the chief officer of police of that force by a section 38 designation; Òrelevant section 38 designationÓ, in relation