Hate Crime, and we will ensure that where our staff are subjected to it that we treat it with the utmost seriousness, just as we would in the public space. Our staff will be aware of the support available to them where they are subjected to it. POLICY AIM The aims of this policy and procedure are: • To ensure that victims and witnesses of Hate Crimes and Hate Incidents have the confidence to report their problems to Wiltshire Police • To ensure that all Hate Crimes and Hate Incidents are properly identified. • To ensure that all such crimes and incidents are properly recorded. • To ensure that the initial Police response to such crimes and incidents is effective and affords the appropriate level of protection and reassurance to victims. • To ensure that investigations and prosecutions into such crimes and incidents are robust and comply with the Victims Code of Practice (See Appendix 2) and the Witness Charter. • To ensure that wider community issues and long term problems are effectively identified and addressed using a multi-agency problem solving approach. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all Police Officers, Police Staff, Special Constabulary and Volunteers. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE This policy and procedure guide is intended for all police officers and staff who may come across Hate Crimes or Hate Incidents. It follows the standards and guidance set out in the College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice Guidance on Hate Crime and the National Policing Hate Crime Strategy 2014. Adherence to this policy and its accompanying procedure is based upon the below legislative frameworks: Equality Act 2010 Disability Discrimination Act (Amendment) Regulations 2003 Data Protection Act 2018 Criminal Justice Act 1988 Criminal Justice Act 2003 Anti-Terrorism Crime and Security Act 2001 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing Act) 2000 Freedom of Information Act 2000 Crime and Disorder Act 1998 Protection from Harassment Act 1997 Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 Public Order Act 1986 Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 (Ss15 to 26) Human Rights Act 1988 Gender Recognition Act 2004 Civil Partnership Act 2004 Racial and Religious Hatred Act 2006 Criminal Justice Act 2003 (Ss145 &146) Additionally staff need to be aware of their duty to adhere to the guidance set out in the Government Equalities Office document: Equality Act 2010 Public Sector Equality Duty; What Do I Need to Know? A Quick Start Guide for Public Sector Organisations. Staff are also reminded of their statutory obligations in relation to managing victims and witnesses of crimes and will adhere to the principles set out in the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime 2015. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Hate Crime Strategy 2018 - 2021 Crimes or ASB against Vulnerable Adults Procedure Grading and Deployment Policy and Procedure Stalking and Harassment Policy and Procedure Vulnerability Strategy National Policing Hate Crime Strategy (see APP Hate Crime) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Major Investigation and Public Protection > Hate Crime [under development] Critical Incident Management