(4) It is immaterial for the purposes of an order under this section whether a premises licence or club premises certificate is granted, or a temporary event notice is given, before or after the order is made. (5) An order under this section may provide that it is to applyÑ (a) in relation to the same period of every day on which the order is to apply, or in relation to different periods of different days, (b) every day or only on particular days (for example, particular days of the week or year), (c) in relation to the whole or part of a licensing authority's area, or (d) for a limited or unlimited period. (6) An order under this section must specifyÑ (a) the days on which it is to apply and the period of those days, (b) the area in relation to which it is to apply, (c) if it is to apply for a limited period, that period, and (d) the date from which it is to apply. (7) An order under this section mustÑ (a) be in the prescribed form, and (b) have the prescribed content. 172B Procedural requirements for early morning alcohol restriction order (1) A licensing authority proposing to make an order under section 172A mustÑ (a) advertise the proposed order in the prescribed manner, and (b) hold a hearing to consider any relevant representations, unless the authority and each person who has made such representations agree that a hearing is unnecessary. (2) In this section Òrelevant representationsÓ means representations whichÑ (a) are about the likely effect of the making of the proposed order on the promotion of the licensing objectives, (b) are made to the licensing authority by an affected person, a responsible authority or any other person, (c) are made in the prescribed form and manner and within the prescribed period, (d) have not been withdrawn, and (e) in the case of representations made by a person who is not a responsible authority, are not, in the opinion of the licensing authority, frivolous or vexatious. (3) In subsection (2)(b), Òaffected personÓ meansÑ (a) the holder of the premises licence or club premises certificate in respect of affected premises, (b) the premises user in relation to a temporary event notice in respect of affected premises, (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 111 (c) a person who has applied for a premises licence or club premises certificate in respect of affected premises (where the application has not been determined), and (d) a person to whom a provisional statement has been issued in respect of affected premises. (4) In subsection (2)(b) and (e), Òresponsible authorityÓ meansÑ (a) the licensing authority