Criminal Evidence Act 1999; Òwitness statementÓ means a written statement that satisfies the conditions in section 9(2)(a) and (b) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967. (7) This section does not apply in relation to an offence committed before the coming into force of section 49 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022.Ó Criminal damage to memorials 50 Criminal damage to memorials: mode of trial (1) In Schedule 2 to the MagistratesÕ Courts Act 1980 (offences for which the value involved is relevant to the mode of trial), in paragraph 1 (offences under section 1 of the Criminal Damage Act 1971), in the first column, for the words from Òany offenceÓ to the end substitute ÒÑ (a) any offence committed by destroying or damaging property by fire, and (b) any offence committed by destroying or damaging a memorial (see section 22(11A) to (11D)).Ó (2) In section 22 of that Act, after subsection (11) insertÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 53 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(11A) In paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 ÒmemorialÓ meansÑ (a) a building or other structure, or any other thing, erected or installed on land (or in or on any building or other structure on land), or (b) a garden or any other thing planted or grown on land, which has a commemorative purpose. (11B) For the purposes of that paragraph, any moveable thing (such as a bunch of flowers) whichÑ (a) is left in, on or at a memorial within the meaning of subsection (11A), and (b) has (or can reasonably be assumed to have) a commemorative purpose, is also to be regarded as a memorial. (11C) For the purposes of subsections (11A) and (11B)Ñ (a) references to a building or a structure include a reference to part of a building or part of a structure (as the case may be), and (b) something has a commemorative purpose if at least one of its purposes is to commemorateÑ (i) one or more individuals or animals (or a particular description of individuals or animals), or (ii) an event or a series of events (such as an armed conflict). (11D) It is immaterial for the purposes of subsection (11C)(b)(i) whether or not any individuals or animals concerned are or were (at any material time)Ñ (a) living or deceased, or (b) capable of being identified.Ó (3) The amendments made by this section do not apply in relation to offences committed before it comes into force.