be replaced after all tests have been conducted for a single certification test or when the foam becomes visibly damaged. The backing materials shall be placed into the stab backing container (Figure 25) for both calibration and stab testing. 7.7.2. Calibration methods Prior to testing, calibration shall be performed on the composite pack of stab backing materials using the methods and equipment specified below: • Drop test sphere: steel sphere grade Ô100Õ. • Sphere diameter: 0.5 ± 0.05 mm. • Sphere mass: 1,043 ± 5 g. • Drop height: 1.50 ± 0.02 m. • Drop spacing: 75 mm minimum from any edge to indent centre and 100 mm between indent centres. The calibration drop shall consist of a free fall release of the sphere onto the backing material, positioned on a flat, rigid, surface, either using a guidance system (e.g. tube of length no greater than 150 mm) or a remote drop mechanism (e.g. electromagnet). Three drops shall be completed and the rebound height shall be 425 ± 75 mm, measured from the top surface of the backing material pack to the bottom of the sphere. A minimum of 10 minutes shall be left post calibration to allow for material recovery prior to testing. 7.7.3. Test methods 7.7.3.1. Mounting of unformed armour The armour shall be secured using two 50 mm wide hook and loop fabric straps adjusted by hand such that the panel is restrained but not deformed and the body side of the protective panel is in contact with the surface of the backing material. The straps, where possible, shall be at least 100 mm from the strike location and, in no circumstances, less than 50 mm. It shall be possible to rotate and move the backing material under the guided drop assembly to allow the armour to be tested in different locations and orientations. 7.7.3.2. Test strikes Test strikes shall be conducted in accordance with the energy levels specified in Table 13 and strike placement rules in Table 12. The stab sabot shall be raised to a defined height to achieve the required energy of impact; it shall then be released and fall under the influence of gravity onto the protective panel. When the stab is completed, the knife or spike shall be removed from the sabot carefully so that any penetration of the knife or spike may be measured from the body side of the protective panels. Depth of penetration shall be assessed before the panel is re-positioned on the backing material. The new strike shall be positioned a minimum of 50 mm from the closest edge of the previous cut location on the backing material. Each strike shall be performed with a new knife or spike; sabot dampers shall be replaced after a maximum of five stabs. A minimum of 5 minutes shall be left between each strike to allow for materials to recover. The time of each strike shall be recorded. At the start of a test series, the dampers shall be replaced. 7.7.4.