return to work at the end of this period. If you wish to return before the full period of maternity leave has elapsed, you must give at least 8 weeks' notice (but no later than 28 days) in writing to the organisation of the date on which you intend to return. You would need to complete the Form M5. You have the right to resume working in the same job if returning to work from ordinary maternity leave. If you return to work after a period of additional maternity leave, you are entitled to return either to the same job or, if this is not reasonably practicable, to another suitable job that is on terms and conditions not less favourable. Failure to return to work by the end of maternity leave will be treated as an unauthorised absence unless you are sick and can produce a current medical certificate before the end of the maternity leave period. Prior to your return, contact should be made to discuss and ensure the precise arrangements for your return. Your manager should ensure that preparations are made ready for your return by completing the ÔpreparationÕ section of the ManagerÕs Maternity & Adoption checklist Ð Form M7. Preparations may include: 1.14.1 Risk Assessment including the risks associated with Breastfeeding (Form 906) 1.14.2 Up-dating on developments e.g. Force developments/software changes etc. 1.14.3 Provisions for breastfeeding, if required and body armour requirements (if breast feeding) 1.14.4 Uniform 1.14.5 PDR and training needs analysis 1.14.6 Officer Safety Training if applicable 1.15 Sickness absence preventing a return to work If you are ill and unable to return to work on the agreed date, your sickness absence will be treated in the same way as any other non-pregnancy/maternity related sickness and will be managed as per the Attendance Management Procedures. i.e. pay statutory and/or contractual sick pay in the usual way. The day that you should have returned to work will be the first day of a period of sickness absence. 1.16 Returning to work to attend a Court Hearing during Maternity Leave Unless a Doctor certifies that you are unfit, you must attend court if required. Attendance as a police witness is classed as duty, you should ensure that you are booked Ôon dutyÕ for that day. If you are required to attend court whilst on maternity leave the Force must undertake a risk assessment. 1.17 Breastfeeding: Mothers Returning to Work New mothers (in the case specifically for Police Officers) returning to work who are still breastfeeding should be made aware that wearing ill-fitting body armour may cause mastitis or reduce milk flow. Individuals are encouraged to arrange a fitting with Stores prior to returning to work to ensure appropriately fitted body armour is worn. If you choose to continue with full duties, you should be afforded time to return to a designated station to express milk as and when necessary. The organisation is committed to providing all possible support to you having returned to work after a period