need for absence from work to attend appointments, exemption from confrontational duties and sickness absence. There is no legal right for time off for fertility treatment, however we recognise the emotional pressures of undergoing fertility treatment. The Organisation wish to provide support to all individuals undergoing fertility treatment or to those who have partners undergoing treatment. The type of treatment offered to couples will depend on the circumstances that have been identified, however no matter what option is taken, undergoing fertility treatment will prove to be both physically and mentally demanding. When undergoing treatment there may be a need for absence from work to attend appointments. Time off in lieu, flexi leave or annual leave should be used for appointments and where possible appointments should be made outside the core hours / duty time however, it is recognised that this is not always possible. Where it is not possible for other forms of leave to be used, up to 5 days leave (40 hours for police officers or 37 hours for OPCC and police staff), in a 12 month period (pro rata for individuals working part time) will be granted during the advanced stage of IVF treatment between the follicular puncture and the immediate transfer of the in vitro fertilised ova into the uterus (the ÔAdvanced StageÕ). The days can be taken in one block, separate days or in hours and medical evidence of appointments will be requested. Further time off from duty due to the side effects of treatment for a female individual should be in accordance with Attendance Management Policy and Procedure. Sickness absence associated with IVF will not be classified as Ôpregnancy relatedÕ. If an employee becomes ill as a result of infertility treatment, they will receive sick pay in the usual way. An individual whose partner is receiving IVF treatment may be granted 3 days (pro rata for individuals working part time) paid leave in a 12 month period to support their partner through the treatment. This can be taken in one block, separate days or in hours and medical evidence of appointments will be requested. The leave entitlement will be pro-rata for part time individuals according to the weekly hours worked. If more than 40/37 hours are required, then annual leave or flexi should be used. 2.2 Flexibility During Treatment Individuals undergoing fertility treatment may require some degree of flexibility to their working patterns, in addition to the granting of time off. The options of unpaid leave, career break or flexible working hours may also be available and considered where necessary. Line managers/supervisors will be responsible for managing the flexibility required with the guidance of the HR Advisory team. 2.3 Successful Treatment An individual undergoing IVF treatment will only receive protection relating to pregnancy once she is indeed pregnant. i.e. at the advanced stage of treatment following transfer of the in vitro fertilised ova into the uterus. It will however, still constitute sex discrimination to treat an individual at advanced stage of IVF treatment less