persons. To present these micro-politics, we will now describe the production and the uses of some documents, part of one of the few inquiries included in the research that did establish that the "human trafficking" crime took place and who its authors were10. This inquiry was initiat- ed based on a "letter rogatory" that formalized an international cooperation request, noting the participation of a Brazilian citizen in a criminal group that brought women from Brazil to Portugal to engage in sex work. Most mem- bers of the group had already been arrested and convicted in Europe, not for "human trafficking", but for the crimes of "pimping" and "aiding illegal immigration" ? which reveals that individuals who were defined as "victims" in Brazil were viewed and treated as "undocumented immigrants" in Portugal. However, this divergence of classifi- cations is silenced over the course of the police inquiry, without damaging diplomatic relationships that were estab- lished and renewed by the international circulation of official documents. The only accused who lived in Brazil was "indicted"11 in the Federal Police based on copies of documents extracted from the Portuguese inquiry and from a "Term of statements" produced by the Federal Prosecutor who received the request for international legal cooperation. Initially interrogated at the Federal Prosecutor's Office, the woman claimed to be a domestic worker and that she received financial assistance from a daughter who lived abroad, who was married to a Portuguese man and whose pay came from the beverages consumed by customers she accompa- nied at the nightclub where she worked. The document further notes that the woman claimed her daughter did not engage in sex work, but was unable to say whether or not there were any sex workers at the nightclub. She also as- sured the officer that she had never discussed any subject involving sending Brazilian women abroad for purposes of sex work over the phone with her son-in-law. The term closes with a description of the scene in which the sus- pect is emotionally destabilized by records of a phone call, followed by the bureaucratic demonstration that the Federal Prosecutor followed legal formalities: During the ethnographic fieldwork, the researcher also directly accompanied the process of producing the "Term of statements" of a "victim"/"witness" in the same police inquiry. Before beginning the "interview", the commissioner quickly analyzes the inquiry and marks the pages he considers most important to help him during questioning. The witness also appears carrying documents. Besides the copy of the summons, she brought along a folder with the lease of an apartment located in the city where she lived and the diploma of a beautician course she attended in Portugal. Since these papers did not contribute to establishing that the crime did (or did not) take place, only the personal identity documents required for making her presence in police headquarters official were examined and registered at the beginning of the "Term of statements". The commissioner was convinced about the purpose of her trip based on the Portuguese