to more specialised conditions that are beyond the scope of this guidance. Metal fire-resisting doors Although the majority of fire-resisting doors are made from timber, metal fire-resisting doors, which meet the appropriate standard, can often be used for the same purpose. However, there are situations where they are more appropriate. The majority of metal fire-resisting door manufacturers will require the use of bespoke frames and hardware for their door sets.121 See BS EN 1634-136 and BS 476-2237 for more information. For detailed guidance refer to Approved Document B.24 Glazing in fire-resisting doors Although glazing provides additional safety in everyday use and can enhance the appearance of fire-resisting doors, it should never reduce the fire resistance of the door. The opening provided in the door for the fire-resisting glazing unit(s) and the fitting of the beading are critical, and should only be entrusted to a competent person. In nearly all cases the door and glazing should be purchased from a reputable supplier who can provide documentary evidence that the door continues to achieve the required rating. Fire-resisting door furniture Hinges To ensure compliance with their rated fire performance, fire-resisting doors need to be hung with the correct number, size and quality of hinges. Normally a minimum of three hinges are needed, however the manufacturerÕs instructions should be closely followed. BS EN 193538 including Annex B, is the appropriate standard. Alternative door mountings Although the most common method of hanging a door is to use single axis hinges, alternative methods are employed where the door is required to be double swing or mounted on pivots for other reasons. Floor mounted controlled door closing devices are the most common method regularly found with timber, glass and steel doors while transom mounted devices are commonly used with aluminium sections. In each case reference should be made to the fire test report for details as to compliance with the composition of the door assembly including the door mounting conditions. Self-closing devices All fire-resisting doors, other than those to locked cupboards and service ducts, should be fitted with an appropriately controlled self- closing device that will effectively close the door from any angle. In certain circumstances, concealed, jamb-mounted closing devices may be specified and in these cases should be capable of closing the door from any angle and against any latch fitted to the door; spring hinges are unlikely to be suitable. Further information is available in BS EN 1154.39 Rising butt hinges are not suitable for use as a self-closing device due to their inability to close and latch the door from any angle. Automatic door hold-open/release devices for self-closing fire doors These devices are designed to hold open self- closing fire doors or allow them to swing free during normal use. In the event of a fire alarm the device will then release the door automatically, allowing the self-closing mechanism to close the door. Such devices are particularly useful in situations where self-closing doors on escape routes are used regularly by significant numbers of