skills to develop leading products in a number of competitive sectors. Government should also consider how to redefine procurement and intellectual property to encourage a creative technology ecosystem to achieve these aims. DATA, INFRASTRUCTURE AND PUBLIC TRUST 27 28 AI ROADMAP 4. National, Cross-sector Adoption The preceding sections outline the pillars that would provide the basis for sustained uptake of AI across the country and the economy as a whole. This section proposes transitional and other more specific measures to boost initial take up and to evolve existing markets in the crucial areas of business adoption, startup & scale-up support, public sector adoption, health and social care, climate change, and defence. Business as smart adopters Across society and the economy, and since the first weeks of 2020, the COVID- 19 pandemic has accelerated the adoption of digital systems such as e- commerce platforms and marketplaces, and tools to enable remote working. The UK therefore has an opportunity to build on this momentum to showcase and reward the uptake of AI by encouraging further investment and enabling business, especially SMEs, to be smart consumers for AI systems. Creating confidence so that business customers increasingly seek out AI solutions, knowing that they will be able to get sound advice and robust products, is crucial. There is further need to build on grants to access impartial advice on how to use digital and AI solutions to help the growth of SMEs that have been exacerbated by the COVID crisis. ScotlandÕs Data Lab is a good example of an initiative that fosters trusted collaboration between industry and AI expertise, having invested in 120 Collaborative Innovation Projects at approximately £12 million value over the last 5 years, and recently launched a Torch Business Advisory Service to support SMEs on their data journey. 29 The largest companies that are able to realise the potential of AI through business transformation find themselves increasing productivity, reducing costs and innovating faster to remain competitive. By ensuring the enabling foundations described in the first 10 recommendations are in place, the UK can also be a fertile ground for its existing FTSE 100 and the future 100. Supporting high growth AI startups As these businesses initiatives stimulate demand for AI products, we need to ensure that the AI startup and scaleup vendor ecosystem thrives. Supporting AI- first businesses by providing the necessary physical infrastructure to offer services to the largest and smallest local and multinational companies would help these businesses scale, develop and become the next multi billion dollar companies. The government should encourage more initiatives like Tech NationÕs Applied AI Program32 to directly support smaller startups to grow across the UK. The community welcomed an additional £200 million from the British Business Bank which increased VC funding to high growth companies,33 and there is a compelling argument to increase this funding, or alternatively to consider public investment in promising companies that seek to advance government priorities in a similar style to the National Security Strategic Investment Fund. For scaleups, the