Heaters which burn a fuel should be sited away from draughts. • Portable fuel burning heaters (including bottled gas (LPG)) should only be used in exceptional circumstances and if shown to be acceptable in your risk assessment. All gas heating appliances should be used only in accordance with manufacturerÕs instructions and should be serviced annually by a competent person. In general, staff should be discouraged from bringing in their own portable heaters and other electrical equipment (e.g. kettles) into the premises. Cooking processes Typical installations used in cooking processes include deep fat fryers, ovens, grills, surface cookers, ductwork, flues, filters, hoods, extract and ventilation ducts and dampers. These cooking processes can operate with high temperatures, involving large quantities of oil and combustible food stuffs. Heat sources used for cooking processes include: gas, electric and microwave. The main cause of fire are ignition of cooking oil, combustion of crumbs and sediment deposits, and ductwork fires from a build up of fats and grease. The siting of cooking processes close to insulated core panels with combustible insulation (see Section 1.10) can lead to the likely ignition of the panels and consequent rapid fire spread to other parts of the building. This practice should therefore be avoided. 44 The following should be considered to reduce the risk from cooking processes: • regular cleaning to prevent build-up of crumbs and other combustible material; • fire resisting containers for waste products; • a fire suppression system capable of controlling an outbreak of fire; • monitored heat/oil levels, even after the cooking process is complete and installation of temperature control/cut-off/ shut off devices as appropriate; • duct, joints and supports able to withstand high cooking temperatures; • seperation from wall and ceiling panels (with combustible insulation) e.g. 2.5m for walls, 4m for ceilings; • insulation of ducts to prevent heating/ignition of nearby combustible wall and ceiling materials; • a regular programme for inspection and cleaning; • a programme of electrical and mechanical maintenance; and • annual service of all gas heating appliances by a competent person. 1.5 Electrical safety Electrical equipment can be a significant cause of accidental fires in shops and offices. The main causes are: • overheating cables and equipment, e.g. due to overloading circuits, bunched or coiled cables or impaired cooling fans; • incorrect installation or use of equipment; • little or no maintenance and testing of equipment; • incorrect fuse ratings; • damaged or inadequate insulation on cables or wiring; • combustible materials being placed too close to electrical equipment which may give off heat even when operating normally or may become hot due to a fault; • arcing or sparking by electrical equipment; and • embrittlement and cracking of cable sheathing in cold environments. All electrical equipment should be installed and maintained in a safe manner by a competent person. If portable electrical equipment is used, including items brought into a workplace by staff, then your fire risk assessment should ensure that it visually inspected and undergoes portable appliance testing (ÔPATÕ)