DARWISH (OPCC), Megan KENZIE (Op Fortitude), Supt. Dave MINTY 05.07.2021 0.4 Mark ANDREWS and Sarah ENNIS (Police Federation), 05.07.2021 0.4 Cliff FULLER and Clare CROSS (UNISON), 05.07.2021 0.4 Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements No additional training requirements needed. IT Infrastructure No additional IT Infrastructure required. Human tissue: seizure, retention and disposal policy (for police forces in England and Wales) Lawful seizure of human tissue in cases of suspicious death and homicide cases Contents Introduction 2 Police Seizure of human tissue 2 Guiding principle 3 Documentation 4 Retention and continuity of human tissue material (within the UK) 4 Consultation with the pathologist 4 Examination of samples by a second (defence) pathologist 5 Sending samples for examination outside of the jurisdiction 5 Regular reviews of human tissue seized by police 5 Disposal of human tissue material 5 Actions when initially suspicious cases revert to non-suspicious 6 Single point of contact 6 The Coroner 7 Family Liaison 7 Next of kin and personal representative/s wishes regarding return f body/disposal of human tissue 7 Disposal of other human tissue material held on authority of the police 8 Pregnancy remains 8 Historically held human tissue 8 Summary 8 Appendices 10 Category 1 10 Category 2 11 Category 3 12 References 13 Acknowledgements 13 Introduction In cases where the police are investigating a suspicious death or a suspected homicide, a forensic post mortem examination will be required to: • Determine the identity of the deceased person; • Determine the cause and circumstances of the death, and • Facilitate the collection of forensic evidence to assist in the investigation of the death. All of the above three elements form part of the criminal investigation, albeit the first two elements will also be part of the coronerÕs investigation. By virtue of section 14 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009, a senior coroner can authorise a post mortem examination of the body of a deceased person. In cases where a coroner is informed by the chief officer of police (in practical terms the senior investigator) that a homicide offence is suspected, the coroner must consult with the chief officer of police about who should make the post mortem examination (Regulation 12 to the Coroners (Investigations) Regulations 2013 (ÔCIR 2013Õ). Regulation 13(5)(a) of CIR 2013 allows for a representative of the chief officer of police to be present during a forensic post mortem examination. In such cases, a forensic pathologist on the Home Office Register of Forensic Pathologists should be appointed to conduct the post mortem examination. The Home Office registered forensic pathologist will conduct a post mortem examination in accordance with the Code of Practice and Performance Standards for Forensic Pathology. In order to fully investigate the medical cause of death, the Home Office registered forensic pathologist will take samples of tissue and bodily fluids. This may include whole or parts of organs of the body for examination by sub-specialty medical or scientific experts. Police Seizure of human tissue In the investigation of a homicide or in