sent to Finance. 9. The Chief Officer's impact statement must be included in all prosecution files This is to be submitted to highlight the severity of the incident and the courts will take this into consideration when sentencing. This is held on SharePoint under ÔChief Impact Statement.Õ 3.1 Additionally, those police employees identified as being responsible for Hate Incidents or Hate Crimes will be in breach of the code of conduct for police officers or police staff. Accordingly all such cases will be reported to a supervisor and to the Professional Standards Department. 3.2 Managers and staff should be aware of the signs that a colleague may be a victim of Hate Crime or Hate Incidents, be it internal to the organisation or not. These signs may include: • Loss of self-confidence • Frequent absenteeism • Lower quality of work • Out of character conduct. 3.3 Wiltshire Police encourages the disclosure by staff and/or their families of any incident that is of concern to them. It will be recorded as per normal crime recording protocol. All reports will be treated in confidence and dealt with in a thorough and confidential manner. Supervisors should consider referral of staff members to the Occupational Health Unit and relevant staff association. Staff are also able to self-refer. REPORTING AND RECORDING 4.1 Hate incidents and Hate Crimes may be reported in several ways. These include: In person (either in the street or at a front counter), via the 999 or 101 call systems, online reporting through the Force website, email, direct to supervisors by members of the team, in writing, or via True Vision. It is also important to recognise that these incidents or crimes could be reported by a third party including an outside agency. This is particularly relevant when one considers the definitions of Hate Crimes and Incidents which make it clear that the hatred or prejudice can be perceived by anyone and not just the victim. 4.2 All incidents that are identified as Hate Crime or Hate Incidents will be forwarded to the CCC and a storm log or Niche will be generated as the circumstances dictate. The incident will be recorded as per the Grading and Deployment Policy using THRIVE+. See force guidelines for the prioritisation of calls. 4.3 Staff receiving reports of Hate Incidents or Hate Crimes will gather a full first account of the incident in a sensitive and reassuring manner. This will include: • Any previous history that may identify repeat victimisation • Full description of any suspect(s) including their current whereabouts • Details and locations of any witnesses • Information to assess the immediate risk to the victim • Assessment for the need for specialist staff to attend (Firearms; CSI; CID; SOLO etc.) • Issues that might affect the safety of staff deployed to the scene. • 4.4 Call centre staff will be in a position to provide immediate safety advice to the victim to minimise any immediate threat and explain what the police response will be