subsection (1) commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale. 140 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 144 Directions under section 143: further provision (1) A direction requiring a person to cease doing a prohibited activity may include a direction that the person does not start doing that activity again after having ceased it. (2) A direction requiring a person not to start doing a prohibited activity continues in force untilÑ (a) the end of such period beginning with the day on which the direction is given as may be specified by the constable or authorised officer giving the direction, or (b) if no such period is specified, the end of the period of 90 days beginning with the day on which the direction is given. (3) A period specified under subsection (2)(a) may not be longer than 90 days. (4) A direction may be given to a person to cease operating, or not to start operating, any amplified noise equipment only if it appears to the constable or authorised officer giving the direction that the following condition is met. (5) The condition is that the person is operating, or is about to operate, the equipment in such a manner as to produce sound that other persons in or in the vicinity of the controlled area of Parliament Square[F178, or the Palace of Westminster controlled area,] can hear or are likely to be able to hear. (6) A directionÑ (a) may be given orally, (b) may be given to any person individually or to two or more persons together, and (c) may be withdrawn or varied by the person who gave it. (7) In this sectionÑ Òamplified noise equipmentÓ has the meaning given by section 143(4); ÒdirectionÓ means a direction given under section 143(1). Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 141 145 Power to seize property (1) A constable or authorised officer may seize and retain a prohibited item that is on any land in the controlled area of Parliament Square if it appears to that constable or officer that the item is being, or has been, used in connection with the commission of an offence under section 143 [F179in that area]. [F180(1A) A constable or authorised officer may seize and retain a prohibited item that is on any land