prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the investigation or prosecution of an offence, or (c) might compromise the security of, or good order or discipline within, an institution of a kind mentioned in the first column of a table in Schedule 2. (9) A strategy under this section may cover an area that is wider than a local government area if it is also prepared in the exercise of the powers in section 9. (10) The Secretary of State may by regulations make further provision for or in connection with the publication and dissemination of a strategy under this section. (11) References in subsections (4) to (10) to a strategy under this section include a revised strategy. (12) This section does not affect any power of a specified authority to collaborate or plan apart from this section. (13) For provisions about the interpretation of this section, seeÑ (a) section 11 and Schedule 1 (specified authorities and local government areas); (b) section 12 and Schedule 2 (educational, prison and youth custody authorities); (c) section 13 (preventing and reducing serious violence). 9 Powers to collaborate and plan to prevent and reduce serious violence (1) Two or more specified authorities may collaborate with each other to prevent and reduce serious violence in a relevant area. (2) The power conferred on specified authorities by subsection (1) includes a power to plan together to exercise their functions so as to prevent and reduce serious violence in a relevant area. (3) In particular, the specified authorities mayÑ (a) identify the kinds of serious violence that occur in a relevant area, (b) identify the causes of serious violence in the area, and (c) prepare and implement a strategy for exercising their functions to prevent and reduce serious violence in the area. (4) In preparing a strategy under this section for a relevant area, the specified authorities preparing the strategy must ensure that the following are consultedÑ (a) every other specified authority for the area; (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 15 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) each educational authority for the area; (c) each prison authority for the area; (d) each youth custody authority for the area. (5) A strategy under this section for a relevant area may specify actions to be carried out byÑ (a) an educational authority for the area, (b) a prison authority for the area, or (c) a youth custody authority for the area. See section