Conservation”, January 23, 2019. Environmental Defense Fund. https://blogs.edf.org/growingreturns /2019/01/23/ driscolls-berry- company-water-conservation/. PG Signal. “Western Farmers Are Strapped for Water—These Technologies May Help." November 8, 2022. https://pgsignal.com/2022/11/08/we stern-farmers-are-strapped-for- water- these technologies-may-help/. United States Department of Agriculture, Rural Development. “Rural Energy for America Program: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed Loans.” Accessed December 19th, 2024. https://www.rd.usda.gov/programs- services/energy- programs/rural-energy-america- program-renewable-energy- systems-energy-efficiency- improvement-guaranteed-loans. The White House, Statements and Releases. “Fact Sheet: How the Inflation Reduction Act Helps Rural Communities”, August 17, 2022. https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefin g-room /statements- releases/2022/08/17/fact-sheet-how- the-inflation-reduction-act-helps- rural-communities/. Unlocking the Potential of New York City’s Vacant and Underutilized Lots By Noah Duguma, ndd32@cornell.edu New York City has one of the world’s most expensive property markets since the housing supply is constantly strained. New York City should increase housing stock by building housing on vacant lots. Background In recent decades, New York City’s housing market has skyrocketed in value. The average price per square foot in the city has doubled since the 1990s.1 Combined with extremely high demand for housing, it is more difficult than ever for a populace with a median monthly income of $5,344 per month to find their way onto the New York City property ladder.2 At the same time, New York City is home to over 25,000 vacant and underutilized lots and tens of thousands of vacant properties. The number of vacant and underutilized lots could be even higher because the private housing system in New York City is not well studied.3, 4 In addition, massive potential exists within subdividing former single-family homes to create multiple-family dwellings. Much of New York City's new construction comes from rezoning for increased density, a process called “upzoning.”5 This practice, which started during the Bloomberg and De Blasio administrations, has proved to be extremely effective in creating new housing stock. A third of recent housing development has happened in upzoned areas.6 Despite upzoning’s promise, New York City’s vacant lots continue to lay sallow. If New York City repurposes all of its vacant and underutilized lots and properties to their fullest potential, tens of thousands of new housing units could be built in neighborhoods where housing is most needed. Policy Idea The first part of this policy will direct the New York City government to jettison any vacant or underutilized lots in public holding. On the private end, New York City will impose a five percent property tax on vacant and underutilized lots and properties in private holding. This tax would not only generate revenue for the city government, but it would also incentivize private landowners to sell or develop their vacant lots. Development on the remaining lots within New York City will be exclusively multifamily units, and any new construction will be architecturally representative of the vacant lot neighborhoods. Building efforts on these undeveloped and underutilized lots will be concentrated on affordable housing initiatives. Single-family homeowners will also be incentivized to subdivide or build onto their property through counseling the city will provide and generous tax credits for every extraneous unit added onto