There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 283 Alcohol consumption in designated public places An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the powers of a constable under section 12 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) (alcohol consumption in public places)— to impose a requirement under subsection (2) of that section; and to dispose under subsection (3) of that section of anything surrendered to him; and that section shall have effect in relation to the exercise of those powers by that person as if the references to a constable in subsections (1) and (5) were references to the accredited person. Confiscation of alcohol An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the powers of a constable under section 1 of the Confiscation of Alcohol (Young Persons) Act 1997 (c. 33) (confiscation of intoxicating liquor)— to impose a requirement under subsection (1) [F1045or (1AA)] of that section; and to dispose under subsection (2) of that section of anything surrendered to him; and that section shall have effect in relation to the exercise of those powers by that person as if the references to a constable in [F1046subsections (1), (1AA) and (4) (but not the reference in subsection (1AB) (removal))] were references to the accredited person. Confiscation of tobacco etc. (1) An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have— the power to seize anything that a constable in uniform has a duty to seize under subsection (3) of section 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (c. 12) (seizure of tobacco etc. from young persons); and the power to dispose of anything that a constable may dispose of under that subsection; 284 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5 – Powers exercisable by accredited persons Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes and the power to dispose of anything shall be a power to dispose of it in such manner as the relevant employer of the accredited person may direct. (2) In this paragraph “relevant employer”, in relation to an accredited person, means the person with whom the chief officer of police for the relevant police area has entered into arrangements under section 40. Abandoned vehicles An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph