subsection (5)(d) ”. After subsection (3) insert— “(3A) For the purposes of subsection (3)(za)(ii)— a police force is a collaborative force if— its chief officer of police is a party to the agreement mentioned in that provision; and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make applications for authorisations under this section to the authorising officer of the authorising force; and a reference to a police force is to the following— any police force maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 (police forces in England and Wales outside London); the metropolitan police force; and the City of London police force.” In subsection (6)— in paragraph (a), after “subsection (5)” insert “ to whom an application is made by virtue of subsection (3)(za)(i) ”; after paragraph (a) insert— “(aa) in relation to a person within any of those paragraphs to whom an application is made by virtue of subsection (3)(za) (ii), means the area in England and Wales— for which any collaborative force (within the meaning of subsection (3A)) is maintained; and which is specified in relation to members of that force in the agreement mentioned in subsection (3) (za)(ii);”; and in paragraph (b), for “that subsection” substitute “ subsection (5) ”. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 9 Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F37 Authorisations for obtaining and disclosing communications data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Authorisations of covert human intelligence sources: conditions Section 29 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (c. 23) (authorisation of covert human intelligence sources) is amended as follows. In subsection (2) for paragraph (c) substitute— “(c) that arrangements exist for the source's case that satisfy— the requirements of subsection (4A), in the case of a source of a relevant collaborative unit; the requirements of subsection (4B), in the case of a source of a relevant Scottish collaborative unit; the requirements of subsection (5), in the case of any other source; and that satisfy such other requirements as may be imposed by order made by the Secretary of State.” After subsection (2) insert— “(2A) For the purposes of subsection (2)— a relevant collaborative unit is a unit consisting of two or more police forces whose chief officers of police have made an agreement under section 23(1) of the Police Act 1996 which relates to the discharge by persons holding offices, ranks or positions with