statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 55 Police: Additional Considerations D.2.10 Police: Additional Considerations Section D.2. provides guidance for all professionals on the considerations and actions for safeguarding women and girls who are at risk of, or who have undergone, FGM. In addition, police should refer to the College of PolicingÕs ÔAuthorised Professional Practice on FGMÕ57 which includes guidance on prevention, protection and evidence- gathering in FGM cases. Officers must not let fears of being branded ÔracistÕ or insensitive to cultural traditions weaken their investigative strategy or decision(s) to arrest suspects. Investigation must be robust and follow national and local guidance for safeguarding and child abuse investigations. In addition officers should be culturally aware and have an understanding of the people they are dealing with as part of any investigation. Criminal investigations should follow national and local police guidance for safeguarding and child abuse investigations. The procedures described apply in particular to officers and staff in the following roles: • child abuse investigation teams; • community safety units; • public protection units; • missing persons teams; • specialist sexual offences investigation teams; and • all police officers and police staff who in the course of their duty deal with or come into contact with children and young people. 57 www.app.college.police.uk/app-content/major-investigation-and-public-protection/female-genital- mutilation/?s=female+genital+mutilation#prevention 56 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation Police: Additional Considerations Initial steps when a girl may be at risk of FGM If an officer or a member of police staff believes that a girl may be at risk of undergoing FGM, the duty inspector must be made aware and an immediate referral should be made to their local child abuse specialist team or similar. If this is outside their core hours, the duty inspector must ensure that effective protection measures are put in place to ensure the safety of the victim in addition to undertaking an effective primary investigation. The safety and welfare of the girl is of paramount importance. The specialist team will in turn make an immediate referral to the relevant local authorityÕs childrenÕs social care team if this has not already been done by the first responders/ primary investigators. If any officer believes that the girl could be at immediate risk of significant harm, and use of an Emergency Protection Order has already been considered, they should consider the use of police protection powers under section 46 of the Children Act 1989. Officers should carry out the following actions: • complete appropriate checks, e.g. Police National Database (PND), Police National Computer (PNC), ChildrenÕs Social Care; • submit an appropriate intelligence log; • complete relevant risk assessment and management plans (as per Force policy); • complete a crime report, ensuring that the incident is flagged in accordance with force procedures; • create a crime report/non-crime related occurrence to record the report/referral; • inform their supervisor, who must be at least the rank of inspector (notify a superintendent if further strategic support is required and in accordance with local Force instructions); • all officers and