Forward House 9-10 Clifton Road Huntingdon Cambridgeshire PE29 7EJ United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)1480 432623 Email: info@forwardcomposites.com Item Description Reference PolyartTM paper Arbjobex Headquarters 32, Avenue Pierre Grenier Boulonge Billancourt cedex 92517 France Standard matt white 140/75 140 g.m-2 0.175 mm thickness Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 Sculpture House Inc. 3804 Crossroads Parkway Fort Pierce FL 34945 USA Grey-Green 2lb blocks Plastiline¨ 40 Herbin-Seuer SA G-Lalo 138 Quai de Jemmapes 75010 Paris France 5 kg tubes (Ivory) ISBN: 978-1-78655-335-5 © Crown copyright 2017 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gsi.gov.uk. Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders 24/03/2025 Homicide problem-solving guide - Guidance overview https://www.college.police.uk/guidance/homicide-problem-solving-guide/homicide-problem-solving- guide-guidance-overview Page Homicide problem-solving guide - Guidance overview A problem-solving approach to homicide prevention. First published 19 October 2022 Homicide problem-solving guide 2 mins read A problem-solving approach to homicide uses the intelligence, skills and networks of policing and its partners to understand and respond to persistent, common crime problems. Using the homicide problem-solving guide This homicide problem-solving guide consists of four stages that should be undertaken in sequence (scanning, analysis, response, and assessment). ItÕs advisable to move backwards and forwards within the process as new information comes to light and new ideas emerge. You should use this guide alongside the homicide and near-miss problem profile. The problem profile template is for completion by force analysts. It can help you to understand your local problems and inform your response. WeÕve also provided examples of good practice, guidance, resources, and academic research outlining what works throughout the homicide prevention framework. Acknowledgements We would like to thank the author of this guide, Professor Iain Brennan (University of Hull). Tags Homicide Crime reduction Home Crime, justice and the law Your rights and legal support How to make a freedom of information (FOI) request Overview You have the right to ask to see recorded information held by public authorities. The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Freedom of Information (Scotland) Act (FOISA) give you the right to see information. If you ask for environmental information, your request will be handled under the Environmental Regulations (EIRs) or Environmental Information (Scotland) Regulations (EISRs). Environmental information includes things like carbon emissions or the environmentÕs e?ect on human health. You do not need to tell the organisation which law or regulations youÕre making your request under. Personal information There is a di?erent way to make a request if you want information that an organisation holds about you. This includes things like your health records or credit reference files. Related content Data protection Next Organisations you can ask for information View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Elsewhere on the web Freedom of Information Act 2000 Services and information Government activity