involved in pornography; an offence under section 49 of this Act, or Article 39 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by controlling the activities of a child relating to the child's involvement in pornography; an offence under section 50 of this Act, or Article 40 of the Northern Ireland Order, committed by arranging or facilitating a child's involvement in pornography. 150 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Premises are being used for activities related to a specified prostitution offence— in the case of an offence under section 47 of this Act or Article 37 of the Northern Ireland Order, at any time when the sexual services mentioned in subsection (1)(a) of that section or, as the case may be, paragraph (1)(a) of that Article are being provided on the premises, and in the case of any other specified prostitution offence, at any time when the person in respect of whom the offence is committed is providing sexual services as a prostitute on the premises. Premises are being used for activities related to a specified pornography offence at any time when the person in respect of whom the offence is committed is doing anything on the premises which enables an indecent image of himself or herself to be recorded. Any reference to an offence under this Act includes a reference to— an offence under section 70 of the Army Act 1955, section 70 of the Air Force Act 1955 or section 42 of the Naval Discipline Act 1957 of which the corresponding civil offence (within the meaning of the Act in question) is such an offence; an offence under section 42 of the Armed Forces Act 2006 as respects which the corresponding offence under the law of England and Wales (within the meaning given by that section) is such an offence. Closure notices Power to authorise issue of closure notice 136B(1) A member of a police force not below the rank of superintendent (“the authorising officer”) may authorise the issue of a closure notice in respect of any premises if three conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the officer has reasonable grounds for believing that either subsection (3) or (4) (or both) applies. This subsection applies if, during the relevant period, the premises were used for activities related to one or more specified prostitution offences. But this subsection does not apply if only one person obtained all of the sexual services in question (whether or not on a single occasion). This subsection applies if, during the