the order is made). (3) In sub-paragraph (1) Òyouth detention accommodationÓ meansÑ (a) a secure training centre; (b) a young offender institution; (c) secure accommodation, as defined by section 23(12) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969. (4) The function of the Secretary of State under sub-paragraph (1) is exercisable concurrently with the Youth Justice Board. (5) A person detained under a detention order is in legal custody. Revocation of detention order 15 (1) Where a detention order is made, the original applicant or the defaulter may apply to a youth court to revoke it. (2) If it appears to the court to be in the interests of justice to do so, having regard to circumstances that have arisen since the detention order was made, the court may grant an application under sub-paragraph (1) and revoke the order accordingly. (3) The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) include the conduct of the defaulter. (4) If an application under this paragraph is dismissed, the party by which the dismissed application was made may make no further application under this paragraph withoutÑ (a) the consent of the court, or (b) the agreement of the other party. (5) A person making an application under this paragraph in relation to a detention order made under paragraph 1 must before doing so consult any youth offending team (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Schedule to be inserted as Schedule 2A to the Housing Act 1985 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 181 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes specified in the injunction under section 3(1) or, if none is specified, the local youth offending team within the meaning of section 14. (6) A person making an application under this paragraph in relation to a detention order made under paragraph 12(4)(b) must before doing so consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the relevant supervision order. SCHEDULE 3 Section 94(2) SCHEDULE TO BE INSERTED AS SCHEDULE 2A TO THE HOUSING ACT 1985 ÒSCHEDULE 2A Section 84A(9) ABSOLUTE GROUND FOR POSSESSION FOR ANTI-SOCIAL BEHAVIOUR: SERIOUS OFFENCES Violent offences 1 Murder. 2 Manslaughter. 3 Kidnapping. 4 False imprisonment. 5 An offence under any of the following sections of the Offences against the Person Act 1861Ñ (a) section 4 (soliciting murder), (b) section 16 (threats to kill), (c) section 18 (wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm), (d) section 20 (malicious wounding), (e) section 21 (attempting to choke, suffocate or strangle in order to commit or assist in committing an indictable offence), (f) section 22 (using chloroform etc. to commit