but if it is a different officer, that officer should be in a position to explain the genuine change of circumstances. The respondent should be notified of an application to vary or discharge an order and be given the opportuntity to be represented at the hearing. 1. Production Orders in Civil Recovery Investigations 55. Persons to whom this part of the Code applies should familiarise themselves with the introduction section which sets out general instructions relating to all the orders and warrants. Definition 56. A production order is an order which may be served on any person or institution, for example a financial institution, requiring the production of, or allowing access to, material within the time specified in the order; this might include documents such as bank statements Ð see section 345(4). Statutory requirements 57. An application for a production order should be made to a court by an appropriate officer and should state that20: • a person specified in the application is subject to a civil recovery investigation, or that property specified in the application is subject to a civil recovery investigation; • the order is sought for the purposes of that investigation, and concerns material (or material of a description) specified in the application and that a person specified in the application appears to be in possession or control of the material; • the reasonable grounds for suspecting that the person specified in the applicationÑ o holds recoverable property or associated property, o has, at any time, held property that was recoverable property or associated property at the time; or o the property specified in the application as being subject to the investigation is recoverable property or associated property; • the reasonable grounds for believing that the person specified in the application as appearing to be in possession or control of the relevant material is in possession or control of it; • the reasonable grounds for believing: o that the material is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by itself) to the investigation for the purposes of which the order is sought; and o it is in the public interest for the material to be produced, having regard to the benefit likely to accrue to the investigation if the material is obtained, and the circumstances under which the 20 See sections 345, 346. person specified in the application as appearing to be in possession or control of the material holds it. 58. The person named in the order should then either produce the material, or provide access to it, within a period of time, as directed by the order. Section 345(5) provides seven days as the normal period, unless in the particular circumstances the judge making the order considers it appropriate to set a different period. Particular action to be taken before an application for a production order 59. The appropriate officer should ascertain, as specifically as is possible in the circumstances, the nature of the material concerned and, where relevant, its location. 60. The