was charged or informed that they would be reported. Persons convicted of an offence etc. in England and Wales 14C (1) A constable may require a person who falls within section 64A(1F) to attend a police station to be photographed under section 64A(1C). (2) Where section 64A(1G)(a) applies (photographs not previously taken), the power under sub-paragraph (1) may not be exercised after the end of the period of two years beginning withÑ (a) the day on which the person was convicted or cautioned, or (b) if later, the day on which this Part comes into force. (3) Where section 64A(1G)(b) applies (photograph taken on previous occasion unavailable or inadequate), the power under sub-paragraph (1) may not be exercised after the end of the period of two years beginning withÑ (2) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 57 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the day on which an appropriate officer was informed that section 64A(1G)(b)(i) applied, or (b) if later, the day on which this Part comes into force. (4) In sub-paragraph (3)(a), Òappropriate officerÓ means an officer of the police force which investigated the offence in question. (5) Sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) do not apply where the offence is a qualifying offence (whether or not it was such an offence at the time of the conviction or caution). Persons convicted of an offence etc. outside England and Wales 14D A constable may require a person falling within section 64A(1H) to attend at a police station to be photographed under section 64A(1C). Multiple exercise of power 14E (1) Where a photograph is taken of a person under section 64A on two occasions in relation to any offence, the person may not under this Schedule be required to attend a police station to be photographed under that section in relation to that offence on a subsequent occasion without the authorisation of an officer of at least the rank of inspector. (2) Where an authorisation is given under sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) the fact of the authorisation, and (b) the reasons for giving it, must be recorded as soon as practicable after it has been given.Ó (6) In the italic heading before paragraph 15 (requirement to have power to take fingerprints or sample), for Òor sampleÓ substitute Ò, sample or photographÓ. (7) In paragraph 15Ñ (a) for Òor a sampleÓ substitute Ò, a sample or a photographÓ, and (b) for Òor sampleÓ, in both places it occurs, substitute Ò, sample or photographÓ. (8) In paragraph 16(2) (date and