be via a lobby, through two sets of fire and smoke-resisting doors and walls. Many people will use the stairway for normal movement through the building and it is important that the safety features are not compromised by doors being wedged open. Most firefighting shafts will also incorporate a firefighting lift which opens into the lobby. The lift will have a back-up electrical supply and car control overrides. The primary function of the lift is to transport firefighting personnel and their equipment to the scene of a fire with the minimum amount of time and effort. It may also be used to help evacuate less mobile people. Alterations that might affect the shaft should not be made without first liaising with other responsible persons, any owners or managing agents and the enforcing authority. Any proposed changes will require Building Regulation approval from a Building Control Body. Where a firefighting shaft is provided, it should be maintained by a competent person. Suppression systems Fire suppression systems can include sprinklers and other types of fixed installations designed to automatically operate and suppress a fire. Such systems should be maintained by a competent person. Smoke control systems These are complex systems that are provided for life safety of occupants, assistance to firefighters and property protection by clearing hot smoke and gases from the building. If you have one of these systems provided in your premises you should ensure you understand how it operates and that it is maintained in full working order. If your system is part of a larger system then you should liaise with other occupiers and building managers. The smoke control system should be maintained by a competent person who is familiar with the fire engineering performance specifications of that specific system. Where these systems are installed in addition to a sprinkler system, then the design and installation of each system should not act detrimentally on one another. A competent person should be employed to confirm this. Dry and wet rising fire mains The rising fire main (Figure 22) is an important facility for the fire and rescue service in taller buildings. It consists of an inlet box where firefighters can connect their hoses, a pipe running up or through the building, outlet valves on each floor level and an air vent at the top. Figure 22: Rising main It is important that fire mains remain in good working order. Issues to be considered can include the following: • The physical approach to the inlet box should be such that a fire engine can park within 18 m with the inlet box in view. • Prohibit car parking in front of the inlet box. • Secure the inlet box in such a way that firefighters can open the door without too much difficulty. • It is advisable to lock the landing valves in the closed position, usually with a leather strap and padlock. Foam inlets Foam intlets are special inlets are usually fitted to provide an efficient way of extinguishing