1954 13.67 Under the Pests Act 1954, and the Rabbit Clearance Order number 148, the whole of England and Wales, apart from the City of London, the Isles of Scilly and Skokholm Island, has been declared a rabbit clearance area. Within this area, occupiers of land have a continuing obligation to kill or take any wild rabbits living on, or resorting to, their land, or to prevent the rabbits from causing damage elsewhere by, for example, fencing them in with rabbit-proof fencing. Failure to fulfil these obligations may lead to the occupier being prosecuted or the work carried out at their expense. Control of Seals 13.68 Legislation relating to seals is to be found in the Conservation of Seals Act 1970 and Schedule 9 of the Fisheries Act 2020, together with Orders made by DEFRA. In the UK, as of 1 March 2021, it is an offence to intentionally or recklessly kill, injure or take a seal. In Scotland, the 1970 Act has been repealed and the protection of seals is now secured under Part 6 of the Marine (Scotland) Act 2010. 130 Chapter 14: Permits Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 14.1 This chapter outlines the legal authority that allows chief officers of police to issue permits, and then goes on to explain the various forms used for different types of permits, and the terms that should be specified on issue. VisitorÕs firearm and shot gun permits are dealt with separately in Chapter 26. Introduction 14.2 Chief officers of police are authorised by section 7 of the 1968 Act to issue permits in circumstances when it would not be appropriate to issue a firearm or shot gun certificate, or to register a person as a firearms dealer. A permit can only be issued in respect of firearms and ammunition to which sections 1 or 2 of the 1968 Act apply, which the applicant for the renewal of a certificate or, in the case of a surviving relative or receiver, the previous holder of the certificate, was authorised to possess under section 1 of the Act. For example, a permit should be issued to authorise the temporary possession of firearms or ammunition by a relative or the executor of a deceased person or the receiver or liquidator of a bankrupt. 14.3 A permit may not be issued to authorise the purchase or acquisition of firearms or ammunition (although section 5(1) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 allows the holder of a permit to purchase section 2 shot gun ammunition). Firearms that are subject to section 5 of the 1968 Act, (for example firearms held under sections 2 to 8 of the 1997 Act), cannot be held on a permit. Chief officers should complete basic background checks (PNC, local Intel and consider PND) to ensure the suitability of the applicant if it does not involve an existing certificate holder. 14.4 Permits should be issued by chief officers where a certificate has not been re- issued or where a variation has been delayed