(RMS) and legacy databases such as Crime, Intel etc (searchable via FDS). Niche RMS is the largest live database and holds information relating to several different business areas: • Public Protection (child protection, domestic abuse, safeguarding adults and missing persons) • Intelligence • Case and Custody • Crime and Incidents • Justice Traffic • Firearms Although this document is aimed specifically at Niche RMS, users of all police systems have a responsibility to ensure the quality of data recorded on both electronic systems and in paper format is of a high standard and in accordance with set policy/procedure. Information uploaded to the Police National Database (PND) is taken directly from Niche RMS, therefore it is vital that every effort is taken to ensure that the information recorded is accurate, correct and free from duplication. The Data Quality Standards include the details required for information to be uploaded from Niche RMS to PND. It is important that all records are updated to include additional information as it is made available, such as adding driver licence details, linking associates and updating contact information. Table of Contents Section 6: Crime/Incident Recording Wiltshire Police complies with the National Crime Recording Standard (NCRS), the Home Office counting rules (HOCR) and the National Standard for Incident Recording (NSIR) when recording crimes and incidents. Each Force has a Crime and Incident Registrar (FCIR) who acts as the final arbiter for the interpretation of the NCRS, HOCR and NSIR, and for the quality assurance process. Any questions on crime and incident recording or closure compliance should be directed to the FCIR. Section 7: Corrective Activity Where it is identified that data is inaccurate or unreliable, all staff have a duty to amend the data accordingly either by direct input (where permission levels and/or training allow) or by ensuring that the appropriate department is notified to carry out the amendment on their behalf. In relation to Niche RMS, the Data Quality Team carry out most corrective actions (see Roles and Responsibilities section 9). Section 8: Data Quality Performance Management Using appropriate methods, the DQT will extract data from Niche RMS to produce Data Quality Reports on a monthly basis. The reports provide performance data in relation to data quality and identify patterns and trends in data quality. These reports are distributed to designated individuals within different business areas and filtered down to team supervisors and can help to identify where an individual may benefit from additional support or training. Training will be offered and provided on a one to one basis by the DQT. The Senior Information Risk Owner (SIRO - DCC) has directed that the following 6 month process will be followed when police officers/staff are identified as repeatedly inputting incorrect or inaccurate data into Niche RMS and are, therefore, not compliant with the set of data quality standards detailed later in this document. If an officer/staff member begins to lapse in improvement after being removed from the below 6 month process, they will retrigger Step 1. Step