as the effect of the variation would be to allow a person to take part in eligible criminal proceedings through a live audio link or a live video link, or to alter (without removing) a personÕs ability to do so, sections 51(4) and 53(1) to (3) apply as they apply to the giving of a direction; (b) so far as the effect of the variation would be to remove a personÕs ability to take part in eligible criminal proceedings through a live (a) 386 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 20 Ð Further provision about video and audio links in criminal proceedings Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes audio link or a live video link, subsection (3) applies as it applies to the rescission of a direction. (5) Section 51(5) and (6) applies in relation to the variation or rescission of a direction given under section 51 as it applies to the giving of a direction under that section. (6) A direction under section 51 may be given, varied or rescindedÑ (a) on an application by a party to the proceedings, or (b) of the courtÕs own motion. But a party may not apply for a variation or rescission unless there has been a material change of circumstances since the direction was given or last varied. (7) The court must state in open court its reasons for refusing an application for the giving, variation or rescission of a direction under section 51 and, if it is a magistratesÕ court, must cause them to be entered in the register of its proceedings. (8) If a hearing takes place in relation to the giving, variation or rescission of a direction under section 51, the court may require or permit a person to take part in that hearing throughÑ (a) a live audio link, or (b) a live video link. (9) The requirement referred to in section 51(4)(c) and subsection (3)(c) arises in a case whereÑ (a) the defendant is a party to the proceedings, and (b) eitherÑ (i) the defendant has not attained the age of 18 years, or (ii) the defendant has attained the age of 18 years but the court is dealing with the case as if the defendant had not attained that age. 52A Further provision about the effect of live-link directions (1) A person who takes part in eligible criminal proceedings in accordance with a direction under section 51 is to be treated as complying with any requirement (however imposed or expressed) for that person to attend or appear before court, or