• one for the respondentÕs solicitor (for Õwith noticeÕ applications only). The files should be in loose-leaf format (in an A4 ring binder) and should be indexed and the pages numbered. The index and contents should include, as appropriate: • the application for the injunction including a draft injunction for approval by the court; • the respondentÕs details; • a summary of the incidents being relied upon in the application; • a map and description of any exclusion area included as part of the injunction; • an association chart (showing relationships and connections of the respondentÕs gang and any other relevant individuals); • documentation of statutory consultation; • disclosed documents; • witness statements; and • any other relevant documentation. According to the Civil Procedure Rules, the respondent and their solicitor (if they are legally represented) must be served with a copy of the completed application and supporting documents,16 and a warning that it is an offence to pervert the course of justice through intimidating witnesses. It is good practice for this bundle to also include guidance on how the respondent can obtain legal advice and representation (see section 9.8 of this guidance). When an application is made on notice, the respondent (and the parent or guardian in the case of a youth) must be personally served with the application notice and a copy of the witness statement.17 For other supporting documents, wherever possible, it is advisable that service is made on the respondent (and the parent or guardian in the case of a youth) in person. If personal 15 Available at http://www.justice.gov.uk/courts/fees 16 Part 8 of the Civil Procedure Rules. 17 CPR 65.43(5). 29 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing service is not possible, the application should be served by post as soon as possible to the last known address. The bundle should be prepared and served on the respondent or the respondentÕs solicitor, if s/he is represented, as soon as the application notice is served. The applicantÕs solicitor should attempt to have the contents of the bundle agreed prior to any pre-trial review. Disclosure should be transparent and complete, unless a Public Interest Immunity application has been made and granted. 9.4. Courts to which an application may be made Applications for injunctions where the respondent is over 18 years of age can be made to the County Court or the High Court. Applications for gang injunctions where the respondent is 14-17 years of age can be made to the Youth Court. A court can impose prohibitions or requirements which are not geographically limited to the court area. Applications relating to an adult Applications relating to 14 to 17 year olds Applications submitted to the County Court should be made to the court hearing centre with jurisdiction over the area in which the respondent resides or where the gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing occurs.18 If the application is on notice and is made at a County Court hearing centre which does not serve the