right as quickly as possible. You, or a person you have nominated, can carry out certain checks and routine maintenance work. Further maintenance may need to be carried out by a competent service engineer. Where contractors are used, third party certification is one method where a reasonable assurance of quality of work and competence can be achieved (see Part 2, Section 8). 28 The following are examples of checks and tests that should be carried out. The examples of testing and maintenance given are not intended to be prescriptive and other testing regimes may be appropriate. Daily checks Remove bolts, padlocks and security devices from fire exits, ensure that doors on escape routes swing freely and close fully and check escape routes to ensure they are clear from obstructions and combustible materials. Check the fire alarm panel to ensure the system is active and fully operational. Where practicable, visually check that emergency lighting units are in good repair and working. Check that all safety signs and notices are legible. (See Appendix B3 for more details on bolts, padlocks and security devices.) Weekly tests and checks Test fire-detection and warning systems and manually-operated warning devices weekly following the manufacturerÕs or installerÕs instructions. Check the batteries of safety torches and that fire extinguishers and hose reels are correctly located and in apparent working order. Fire pumps and standby diesel engines should be tested for 30 minutes each week. Monthly tests and checks Test all emergency lighting systems and safety torches to make sure they have enough charge and illumination according to the manufacturerÕs or supplierÕs instructions. This should be at an appropriate time when, following the test, they will not be immediately required. Check that fire doors are in good working order and closing correctly and that the frames and seals are intact. Six-monthly tests and checks A competent person should test and maintain the fire-detection and warning system. Annual tests and checks The emergency lighting and all firefighting equipment, fire alarms and other installed systems should be tested and maintained by a competent person. All structural fire protection and elements of fire compartmentation should be inspected and any remedial action carried out. Specific guidance on the maintenance of timber fire-resisting doors is given in Appendix B2. Further guidance on maintenance and testing on individual types of equipment and facilities can be found in the relevant Section in Part 2. Appendix A.1 provides an example of a fire safety maintenance checklist. You will find it of benefit to keep a log book of all maintenance and testing. Step 3 Checklist Evaluate, remove, reduce and protect from risks by: • Evaluating the risk to people in your building if a fire starts • Removing or reducing the hazards that might cause a fire Have you: – Removed or reduced sources of ignition? – Removed or reduced sources of fuel? – Removed or reduced sources of air or oxygen? Have you removed or reduced the risks to people if a fire occurs by: –