victims. See also further resources for practitioners working with families affected by domestic abuse. Professionals should also recognise the consequence that alcohol-related abuse may have on children. Parental alcohol and drug use were documented in 37% and 38% of cases where a child was seriously hurt or killed between 2011 and 2014, respectfully.133 The prevalence of alcohol-related domestic violence is five times higher among the most disadvantaged groups compared to the least disadvantaged.134 However, both alcohol and substance misuse and domestic abuse can be hidden and data may be impacted by differences in disclosure or detection within different socio-economic groups. The co-occurrence of drug and alcohol use, homelessness, criminal justice system involvement and mental health will often mean that victims will face huge challenges when seeking support. It is paramount that statutory services take into consideration the multiple barriers, needs and potential for discrimination that can be faced by these groups, when planning and delivering services. See also the section ‘Impact on Victims’. Mental health Mental health problems are not a cause of domestic abuse; however, it can be a risk factor for perpetration and victimisation. Depression has been linked with perpetrating abuse135, and mental health issues can lead to an increased risk of being a victim of domestic abuse.136 Domestic abuse can have a long-lasting effect on victims. It can lead to the development of long-lasting mental health problems and eating disorders. The CSEW for year ending March 2018 found that just under half of partner abuse victims aged 16 to 59 (48.9%) reported mental or emotional problems and around a quarter (25.5%) had stopped trusting people and experienced difficulty in other relationships. Over a third (36%) received specialist mental health or psychiatric services as a result of their abuse.137 133 Department of Education. Pathways to harm, pathways to protection: a triennial analysis of serious case reviews 2011 to 2014: University of East Anglia and University of Warwick: 2016. 134 Institute of Alcohol Studies. Inequalities in victimisation: alcohol, violence, and anti-social behaviour: 2020. 135 See Guedes, A., Bott, S., Garcia-Moreno, C., Colombini, M., 2016. Bridging the gaps: a global review of intersections of violence against women and violence against children. Global Health Action, 9(1); Schumacher, J., Feldbau-Kohn, S., Smith Slep, A., Heyman, R., 2001. Risk factors for male-to-female partner physical abuse. Aggression and Violent Behavior, 6(2–3), pp. 281-352. 136 Bacchus, L., Ranganathan, M., Watts, C., Devries, K., 2018. Recent intimate partner violence against women and health: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies. BMJ Open, 8(7), pp. 1-20. 137 ONS. 2018. Partner abuse in detail – Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk). Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Victims with mental health needs might not attend a service specialising in domestic abuse, so it is important for all mental health support services and providers to be aware of indicators of possible domestic abuse, to ask about the individual’s experiences in private discussion and to be appropriately trained to respond. Mental health services may need to tailor