2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes fingerprints or samples have been taken from any person in connection with the investigation of an offence but otherwise than in circumstances to which subsection (1) above applies, and that person has given his consent in writing to the use in a speculative search of the fingerprints or of the samples and of information derived from them, the fingerprints or, as the case may be, those samples and that information may be checked against any of the fingerprints, samples or information mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of that subsection. (1D) A consent given for the purposes of subsection (1C) above shall not be capable of being withdrawn.” F20682 Restriction on use and destruction of fingerprints and samples . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83 Provision for Northern Ireland corresponding to s. 82 Article 64 of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989 1341 (N.I. 12)) (destruction of fingerprints and samples) shall be amended as follows. For paragraphs (1) and (2) (obligation to destroy fingerprints and samples of persons who are not prosecuted or who are cleared) there shall be substituted— “(1A) Where— fingerprints or samples are taken from a person in connection with the investigation of an offence; and paragraph (3) does not require them to be destroyed, the fingerprints or samples may be retained after they have fulfilled the purposes for which they were taken but shall not be used by any person except for purposes related to the prevention or detection of crime, the investigation of an offence or the conduct of a prosecution. (1B) In paragraph (1A)— the reference to using a fingerprint includes a reference to allowing any check to be made against it under Article 63A(1) and to disclosing it to any person; the reference to using a sample includes a reference to allowing any check to be made under Article 63A(1) against it or against information derived from it and to disclosing it or any such information to any person; the reference to crime includes a reference to any conduct which— Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 77 Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into