constable. (2) The chief constable of a police force is to be appointed, and hold office, in accordance withÑ (a) section 38, and (b) the terms and conditions of the appointment. (3) A police force, and the civilian staff of a police force, are under the direction and control of the chief constable of the force. (4) A chief constable has the other functions conferred by this Act and by other enactments. (5) A chief constable must exercise the power of direction and control conferred by subsection (3) in such a way as is reasonable to assist the relevant police and crime commissioner to exercise the commissioner's functions. (6) Subsection (3) is subject to any provision included in a collaboration agreement (see section 22A of the Police Act 1996). (7) Schedule 2 (chief constables) has effect. (8) In this section Òpolice forceÓ means the police force for a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996 (see section 2 of that Act). CHAPTER 2 METROPOLITAN POLICE DISTRICT 3 Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (1) There is to be a body with the name ÒThe Mayor's Office for Policing and CrimeÓ for the metropolitan police district. (2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime is a corporation sole. (3) The person who is Mayor of London for the time being is to be the occupant for the time being of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (4) Accordingly, where a person is the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime by virtue of a particular term of office as Mayor of London (the Òrelevant mayoral termÓ), the person's term as the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and CrimeÑ (a) begins at the same time as the relevant mayoral term, and (b) ends at the same time as the relevant mayoral term. (5) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime hasÑ (a) the functions conferred by this section, (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 5 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 2 Ð Metropolitan police district Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the functions relating to community safety and crime prevention conferred by Chapter 3, and (c) the other functions conferred by this Act and other enactments. (6) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime mustÑ (a) secure the maintenance of the metropolitan police force, and (b) secure that the metropolitan police force is efficient and effective. (7) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must hold the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to account for the exercise ofÑ (a) the functions of the Commissioner, and (b) the functions of persons under the direction and control of the Commissioner. (8) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must, in particular, hold the Commissioner to