organisations which deliver functions that are not transferred or which were not transferred at the time the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 was made. These organisations are: o the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) (included as a Category 1 responder); o the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) (included as a Category 1 responder); and o telecommunications operators (included as Category 2 responders). o 12.2. As these organisations do not represent the full spectrum of response agencies in Northern Ireland, the Regulations treat these organisations in a slightly different way. The following principles apply to those Category 1 and 2 responders which operate in Northern Ireland: o The Regulations which relate to how individual Category 1 and 2 responders should perform their duties apply to Category 1 and 2 responders in Northern Ireland in the usual way, but with some adjustments for the Northern Ireland situation. o The provisions which rely on bilateral co-operation between Category 1 and 2 responders apply to Northern Ireland. o The provisions in the Regulations relating to the Local Resilience Forum and its activities, including the production of a Community Risk Register, do not apply to Northern Ireland. o Category 1 responders in Northern Ireland should have regard to the activities of other bodies in Northern Ireland that are engaged in civil protection (including Northern Ireland departments, the Northern Ireland Office, the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service and relevant utilities) and, where appropriate, may rely on or adopt those activities.2 o Category 1 responders in Northern Ireland may delegate their functions to, or exercise their functions jointly with, other bodies in Northern Ireland who are engaged in civil protection. 1 regulation 6 2 regulation 57, 58 o The Northern Ireland Department of Justice has the full range of Ministerial responsibilities in relation to the policeÕs delivery of its duties under the CCA in relation to events or situations which threaten serious damage to human welfare and/or which threaten 3 serious damage to the environment. This Guidance therefore applies to the PSNI only in relation to emergencies arising from war or terrorism threatening serious damage to the United Kingdom. The Department of Justice in Northern Ireland may issue separate guidance for the PSNI in respect of other emergencies to which the Act applies. 12.3. In practice, the PSNI, MCA and telecommunications operators in Northern Ireland undertake their individual and co-operative duties under the Act, but relate to the other public service bodies listed in the Regulations 4 in line with the arrangements in the Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework, and by participating in Northern Ireland co-operation, co-ordination and crisis management machinery. 12.4. The Northern Ireland organisations have a reciprocal requirement under the Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework to co-operate with the PSNI, MCA and telecommunications operators in the discharge of their duties under the Act. 12.5. Chapters 2 to 8 explain in more detail how each duty under the Act is to be performed by Category 1 and 2 responders in Northern Ireland. 3 See sections 1(4A), 2(6)