as the loss of a baby, regardless of how early in pregnancy it occurs. A miscarriage or stillbirth can have significant physical and emotional consequences, which may affect an individualÕs attendance or performance at work. We are committed to supporting those who are affected by a miscarriage or stillbirth and we encourage you to discuss your situation with us if you are comfortable doing so. 4.2 Definitions The following definitions are used in this policy: "Miscarriage" means the loss of a baby before the end of the 24th week of pregnancy. "Stillbirth" means the loss of a baby after 24 complete weeks of pregnancy. "Ectopic pregnancy" means a pregnancy that develops outside the uterus, most often in the fallopian tubes. "Molar pregnancy" is where a fertilised egg implants in the uterus but cannot develop because it does not contain the correct genetic material. References to a miscarriage in this document include an ectopic pregnancy and a molar pregnancy. 4.3 How a miscarriage or stillbirth may affect an individual at work Having a miscarriage or stillbirth can affect an individual in a number of different ways, which can in turn affect their work or performance. These include: • physical symptoms, such as pain, bleeding, lactation, tiredness or a loss of appetite; • difficulty sleeping or concentrating; • loss of motivation; • finding social interaction more difficult; • mood swings, irritability or tearfulness; and • mental health problems, such as depression or anxiety. 4.4 Telling us about your miscarriage You do not have to tell us that you have had a miscarriage. However, if you would like to do so, we encourage you to tell your line manager or someone you feel able to talk to at an early stage, so that any necessary support can be put in place. You will not be treated unfavourably because you tell us about a miscarriage. Any information given to line managers and HR is confidential. Colleagues will only be told about the miscarriage if this is what you want. Your line manager will discuss your wishes with you. If you do not want to tell your line manager about your miscarriage, you can access support by approaching either the Occupational Health Unit, the Maternity Support Group or via the signposting sheet. 4.5 Telling us about your stillbirth We encourage you to tell your line manager or someone you can talk to about your stillbirth at an early stage, so that we can provide any necessary support. You will not be treated unfavourably because you tell us about a stillbirth. Any information given to line managers and HR is confidential. Colleagues will only be told about the stillbirth if this is what you want. Your line manager will discuss your wishes with you. 4.6 Time off Individuals who have had a miscarriage may need time off work to recover from the physical and emotional consequences. Those who have had a stillbirth are likely to require time off to recover from the physical effects of giving