lethal weapon and there is now a separate APP for any incident which is not covered under the armed policing APP: • Where a death or serious injury (DSI) results, directly or indirectly, from the discharge of a firearm, less lethal weapon, or specialist munition. https://www.app.college.police.uk/app-content/armed-policing/post-deployment/#post-incident- management OR (new APP) • Any circumstances (unless the circumstances are or have been the subject of a complaint or amount to a conduct matter) in or as a result of which a person has died or sustained serious injury and: > at the time of the DSI, the person had been arrested by a person serving with the police and had not been released, or was detained in the custody of a person serving with the police, or at or before the time of the DSI, the person had direct; or > indirect contact with a person serving with the police who was acting in the execution of their duties, and there is an indication that the contact may have directly or indirectly caused or contributed to the DSI. This sub-category excludes contact that a person suffering the DSI had while acting in the execution of their duties as a person serving with the police (see section 12 Police Reform Act 2002, as amended by the Policing and Crime Act 2017). https://www.app.college.police.uk/app-content/death-or-serious-injury/?s The APP should be the first reference in relation to the running of a PIP. It Establishes best practice in the event of a PIP being activated. This Policy seeks to highlight areas of the process which would be particular to Wiltshire in the event that a PIP is instigated. Post Incident Manager: The PIM facilitates, manages and ensures the integrity of the post incident procedure. Chief Officers must ensure that arrangements exist whereby appropriately selected, trained, assessed and accredited PIMs are available. The PIMÕs role is to: • Facilitate the investigation • Ensure integrity of process • Ensure that the Key Police WitnessÕ needs are addressed in a manner which does not compromise the investigative process. When an officer has attended and satisfactorily completed a course of instruction based on the post incident management module in the National Police Firearms Training Curriculum, they will be assessed to be occupationally competent to perform the role of a PIM. Chief Officers are responsible for ensuring that PIMs are able to maintain their operational competence by regularly performing the role or actively participating in relevant continuous professional development activities. Due to the infrequency of Post-Incident Procedures arising, it is not possible to set a formal process of mentoring and shadowing for Post-Incident Managers. Continuous CPD will be utilised as appropriate for the PIM cohort to remain accredited. PIMs must be formally re-accredited at least every five years, but consideration should be given to re-accreditation between three to five years depending on operational exposure. PIMs often perform their role as part of a PIM team, under the direction of an overall PIM coordinator. Cross border incidents are always a possibility and the use of