information authorised by this section does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (8) But this section does not authorise a disclosure of information thatÑ (a) would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, the power conferred by this section is to be taken into account), or (b) is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016. (9) In this sectionÑ ÒAgency complaints functionÓ means a function in relation to the exercise of functions by officers of the Agency; Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 63 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òdata protection legislationÓ has the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 3 of that Act).] [F32726F The Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery (1) The Director General and the ICRIR may enter into an agreement for the establishment, in relation to ICRIR officers, of procedures corresponding or similar to those provided for by or under this Part. (2) Where no such agreement is in force, the Secretary of State may by regulations establish such procedures. (3) An agreement under this section must not be made, varied or terminated except with the approval of the Secretary of State. (4) Before making regulations under this section the Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) the Director General; and (b) the ICRIR. (5) Nothing in any other statutory provision prevents the ICRIR from carrying into effect procedures established by virtue of this section. (6) An agreement or regulations under this section may contain provision for enabling the Director General to bring and present, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any proceedings that are identified by the agreement as disciplinary proceedings in relation to ICRIR officers. (7) Procedures established in accordance with an agreement under this section, or by regulations under this section, have no effect in relation to anything done outside England and Wales by any ICRIR officer. (8) In this sectionÑ ÒICRIRÓ means the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery; ÒICRIR officerÓ has the same meaning as in the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.] 27 Conduct of the [F328Office's] staff (1) The Secretary of State shall by regulations make provision for the manner in which the following cases are to be handled or dealt withÑ (1) 64 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and