Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (11) References in subsections (4) to (10) to a strategy under this section include a revised strategy. (12) This section does not affect any power of a specified authority to collaborate or plan apart from this section. (13) In this Chapter Òrelevant areaÓ, in relation to a specified authority, educational authority, prison authority or youth custody authority means an area made up ofÑ (a) all or part of a local government area for which it is a specified authority, educational authority, prison authority or youth custody authority, and (b) all or part of one or more other local government areas (regardless of whether, in the case of a specified authority or educational authority, it is also a specified authority or educational authority for the other area or areas). (14) For further provisions about the interpretation of this section, seeÑ (a) section 11 and Schedule 1 (specified authorities and local government areas); (b) section 12 and Schedule 2 (educational, prison and youth custody authorities); (c) section 13 (preventing and reducing serious violence). 10 Power to authorise collaboration etc. with other persons (1) The Secretary of State may by regulationsÑ (a) confer powers on a specified authority to collaborate with a prescribed person to prevent and reduce serious violence in a prescribed area; (b) confer powers on a prescribed person to collaborate with a specified authority to prevent and reduce serious violence in a prescribed area. (2) The Secretary of State may by regulations authorise the disclosure of informationÑ (a) by a prescribed person to any person listed in subsection (3) for the purposes of preventing and reducing serious violence in a prescribed area; (b) by any person listed in subsection (3) to a prescribed person for such purposes. (3) Those persons areÑ (a) a specified authority; (b) a local policing body; (c) an educational authority; (d) a prison authority; (e) a youth custody authority. (4) Regulations under subsection (2) may provide that a disclosure under the regulations does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (5) But if regulations under subsection (2) contain provision under subsection (4)(b), they must provide that they do not authorise a disclosure of information thatÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 17 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime