Training staff will be in charge of the training session, irrespective of rank and will have the discretion to terminate the training, or an individualÕs participation in it, if they consider it to be necessary. If appropriate then a report will be submitted to the individualÕs supervisor via the OSPO Supervisor or Training Delivery Manager. ManagerÕs Liability There is a requirement of supervisors and managers to ensure their staff attend PST sessions in the appropriate time frame. During appraisals, quarterly reviews and 1-2-1 sessions, the topic of skills accreditation and refreshing should be discussed. PST compliance falls within this topic. Recording Process All PST will be subject to an assessment process taking account of the NOS GC 10 ÔManaging conflictÕ. This will ensure that students not only receive suitable training for their role within the Wiltshire Police but they can also demonstrate their own level of competence in applying a variety of skills to ensure their safety, the safety of colleagues and that of the public On the morning of PST, the Operational Training Team will update GRS for Officers who have not attended PST, who have failed the JRFT or Alternative Fitness Test. They will also send an email to RMU, Attendance Management and three Hub Supervisors to inform them of the officers who have not attended PST. When a student successfully completes PST an Ôattended passÕ will be recorded against the students name on the GRS course record. If a student fails to complete the course or fails the course this will be recorded against the students name on the GRS course record. Where blended learning has formed part of the students training a record of any NCALT packages completed will be recorded on the forces IT systems. Where there is an appeal against a decision, the principles of the IPLDP Assessment Appeals process will be adhered to. This strategy outlines the appeal to the assessor/trainer in the first instance, Operational Training Supervisor and then finally to the Training Delivery Manager. POLICY AIM The aim of this policy is to ensure that officers and staff take personal responsibility to maintain their own personal and professional development in relation to Personal Safety Training and to ensure that we recognise we are one team, working together to deliver the highest possible quality of service to the public by maintaining our competency levels. APPLICABILITY This policy covers all police officers, special constables and staff members who as part of their role have a requirement to attend and complete Personal Safety Training. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE The Collage of Policing (CoP), on behalf of the Police Lead for Personal Safety, it sets the standards for Chief Officers to provide appropriate learning, delivery and assessment of personal safety training based on the 2009 ACPO Guidance on Personal Safety Training. The ACPO Personal Safety Manual is the reference point for officer safety tactics and procedures for all personnel. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Cop Guidance on Personal Safety Training ACPO Guidance on