the police and crime commissioner for any police area resulting from the order.Ó (4) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3A) Without prejudice to subsection (2), an order under section 7 or 10 which includes provision within subsection (1A)(b) may, in particular, require the election in question to be held before the alteration of police areas takes effect.Ó SCHEDULE 11 Section 88 CRIME AND DISORDER STRATEGIES 1 The Crime and Disorder Act 1998 is amended as follows. 2 (1) Section 5 (authorities responsible for strategies) is amended as follows. (2) Omit subsection (1)(c). (3) For subsections (1A) and (1B) substituteÑ Ò(1A) The relevant local policing body in relation to two or more local government areas in England may make a combination agreement with the responsible authorities in relation to those areas (the Òcombined areaÓ). (1B) A combination agreement is an agreement for the functions conferred by or under section 6 or by section 7 to be carried out in relation to the combined area as if it constituted only one local government area. (1BA) The responsible authorities in relation to a combined area are all the persons who are the responsible authorities in relation to each local government area that falls within the combined area. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Crime and disorder strategies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 215 (1BB) Section 5A contains further provision about the making and contents of combination agreements.Ó. (4) In subsection (1C) for ÒAn order under subsection (1A) aboveÓ substitute Ò A combination agreement Ó. (5) In subsection (1D), in the definition of Òcrime and disorder scrutiny functionsÓ, for Òan order under subsection (1A) aboveÓ substitute Ò a combination agreement Ó. (6) After subsection (1D) insertÑ Ò(1E) The Òrelevant local policing bodyÓ, in relation to a combined area, isÑ (a) if the area falls (wholly or partly) within the police area of a police and crime commissioner, the commissioner, (b) if the area falls (wholly or partly) within the metropolitan police district, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, and (c) if the area falls partly within the City of London, the Secretary of State. (1F) If there is more than one relevant local policing body in relation to a combined area by virtue of subsection (1E), the references in subsection (1A) above and section 5A(2) to the relevant local policing body in relation to the combined area are references to each of the relevant local policing bodies for that area acting jointly.Ó. (7) In subsection (2) for Òthose functionsÓ substitute Ò the functions conferred by or under section 6 Ó. (8) In subsection (5), omitÑ (a) the word ÒandÓ at the end of the definition of Òfire and rescue authorityÓ, and (b) the definition of Òpolice authorityÓ. 3 After section 5 insertÑ Ò5A Combination