preparation phase consideration should be given to the witness strategy particularly with regard to legitimate access to premises and marks found on moveable objects. This information from witnesses may be very important to the suspect interview and should be obtained prior to arrest. Bad character in the form of the suspectÕs propensity to behave in certain ways can be useful supporting evidence for decision makers and interviewers and should also be researched during the planning phase for use in the interview. Another process issue of importance that has been identified by ODIS is detailed information being asked for and supplied to Custody Officers in the presence of suspects. The provision of such detailed information is not a requirement of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) but the custody officer needs to be aware of the grounds to authorise detention. On occasion this has included the exact nature of the forensic material being discussed which defeats the objective of planned staged disclosure. This is a wider issue for consideration of inclusion in Custody Officer training. A further issue includes supplying complainants with information about forensic identifications before suspects have been arrested, which has been communicated back to them and has a negative impact on the interview strategy because the suspect is given the opportunity to concoct a legitimate access account as a result of the leaked information. The suspect interview strategy requires careful consideration and should be thought through and adapted to each individual case so the interview can be correctly phased. The decision on what to disclose and when is entirely a matter for the investigator and this position supported by case law.3 The strategy should basically divide the interview and the pre-interview briefing for the legal adviser into two parts, this will differ on whether the evidence in the case is solely a scientific identification or whether there is other supporting evidence that can be tactically used. In cases where there is additional evidence to scientific material consideration should be given to withholding the existence of a fingerprint/DNA identification from the first pre-interview briefing and revealing it later in the process. In the cases where there is no additional evidence the pre-interview briefing should only reveal the offence under investigation, itÕs location, identified time parameters and other very basic details; details of what the scientific material is and its location should not be disclosed during this first phase. This should provide adequate information to elicit a response regarding any legitimate explanation that can be explored allowing the interviewer to get to the heart of the matter. Suspects who do not respond or who offer untruthful explanations should be interviewed to develop potential adverse inference before revealing further information regarding the scientific material. This methodology should ensure suspects do not construct untruthful but plausible explanations for DNA/Fingerprint identifications claiming legitimate contact from information supplied too early in the disclosure process. It is possible that this approach may elicit a no comment interview but this should never be automatically