Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) In subsection (1), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. (5) In subsection (2), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. (6) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) But the Secretary of State may not give a direction to the Authority under subsection (2) unless the Secretary of State is satisfied that it is necessary to give the direction in order to prevent the safety of people in the metropolitan police district from being put at risk.Ó. (7) In subsections (3), (4) and (7), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. (8) In section 96 (provisions supplemental to section 95), in subsection (6), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. 24 Police grant (1) Section 46 of the Police Act 1996 (police grant) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ F16(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (b) for the words after paragraph (b) substituteÑ Òand in those provisions a reference to a grant recipient is a reference to a police and crime commissioner, the Common Council or the Greater London Authority.Ó. (3) In subsection (2)(b), for ÒauthorityÓ substitute Ò grant recipient Ó. (4) In subsection (4), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò grant recipients Ó. (5) In subsection (5), for Òdifferent authorities or different classes of authorityÓ substitute Ò different grant recipients or different classes of grant recipient Ó. (6) In subsection (7), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò grant recipient Ó. (7) In subsection (7A)Ñ (a) for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (b) for Òthat AuthorityÓ substitute Ò that Office Ó. (8) In subsection (8)Ñ (a) for Òan authority'sÓ substitute Ò a grant recipient's Ó; (b) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the grant recipient Ó; (c) for Òan authorityÓ substitute Ò a grant recipient Ó. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 27 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (9) In subsection (9), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. 25 Other grants etc under Police Act 1996 (1) The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. (2) In section 47 (grants for capital expenditure)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for the words from ÒbyÓ to ÒAuthorityÓ,