contribute strongly, such as the UK Digital Twin program or developing smart materials for energy storage in the move towards Net Zero carbon emissions. Skills and Diversity 4. Scale up and commit to an ongoing 10 year programme of high level AI skill- building. This would include research fellowships, AI-relevant PhDs across disciplines, industry-led Masters and level 7 apprenticeships. 5. Make diversity and inclusion a priority. We suggest benchmarking and forensically tracking levels of diversity to make data-led decisions about where to invest and ensure that underrepresented groups are given equal opportunity and included in all programs. 6. Commit to achieving AI and data literacy for everyone. The public needs to understand the risks and rewards of AI so they can be confident and informed users. An online academy for understanding AI, with trusted materials and initiatives would support teachers, school students and lifelong learning. 1. AI ROADMAP 5 Data, Infrastructure and Public Trust 7. Consolidate and accelerate the infrastructure needed to increase access to data for AI. Invest in the relevant organisations, link general principles to specific applications, and pursue initiatives for pump priming innovation and enabling safe data sharing for valuable uses. 8. Lead the development of data governance options and its uses. The UK should lead in developing appropriate standards to frame the future governance of data. 9. Ensure public trust through public scrutiny. The UK must lead in finding ways to enable public scrutiny of, and input to, automated decision-making and help ensure that the public can trust AI. 10. Thoughtfully position the UK with respect to other major AI nations. Building on its strengths, the UK has a crucial opportunity to become a global lead in good governance, standards and frameworks for AI and enhance bilateral cooperation with key actors. National, Cross-sector Adoption 11. Increase buyer confidence and AI capability across all sectors and all sizes of company. Support investment for local initiatives to enable safe value- creating innovation and improve the data maturity needed for AI innovation. 12. Support the UKÕs AI startup vendor community. Enable greater access to data, infrastructure, skills, compute, specialist knowledge and funds. 13. Enable robust public sector investments in AI, building capability in the use of data, analytics and AI to ensure intelligent procurement of AI as part of projects for public benefit. 14. Use AI to meet the challenges of Net Zero carbon emissions. Work on access to data, governance, to develop cleaner systems, products and services. 15. Use AI to help keep the country safe and secure. Work with government departments/agencies and defence and security companies to ensure AI is available to assess and respond to modern defence and security threats and opportunities. 16. Build on the work of NHSX and others to lead the way in using AI to improve outcomes and create value in healthcare. The UKÕs comparative advantage will depend on smart strategies for data sharing, new partnership models with SMEs and skill-building. 1. 2 UK Research and Development Roadmap, UK Government ( July