in response to individuals trying to break away from constraining ‘norms’ of behaviour that their family or community is trying to impose. ‘Honour’-based abuse can include physical, emotional or psychological abuse and occur in specific contexts, not all of which represent domestic abuse under the 2021 Act, for example in cases where the victim and perpetrator are not “personally connected”. However, ‘honour’-based abuse is typically carried out by a member or members of the family or extended family and is likely to involve behaviours specified in the statutory definition of domestic abuse in the 2021 Act. Perpetrators may use a range of tactics against the victim, this can include restrictions to their freedom, isolation, physical abuse, and threats to kill. For more information on abuse carried out by a family member(s), please see the ‘Abuse by family members’ section in ‘Chapter 2 – Understanding Domestic Abuse’. There is currently no reliable measure of the prevalence of ‘honour’-based abuse; police recorded crime data shows that in the year ending March 2021 there were 2,383 ‘honour’-based abuse related offences in England and Wales (excluding Greater Manchester Police).46 This represents an increase of 18% compared to the year ending March 2020. However, this increase could in part reflect wider factors such as general improvements in crime recording and identification of ‘honour’-based abuse. Of the 2,725 offences recorded by the police in the year ending March 2021, there were 78 Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) offences and 125 forced marriage offences.47 This type of abuse can happen to anyone. It has in cases been identified with close-knit or closed communities with a strong culture of ‘honour’ and ‘shame’, such as some minority groups, or closed ethnic/religious groups and other particularly isolated social groups.48 Victims from such groups and communities may face additional barriers in reporting the abuse or accessing support services. ‘Honour’-based abuse has been identified to stem from traditional notions of patriarchy and gender roles.49 However, victims may be female or male and those at risk can include individuals who are LGBT. Conversion therapy and the so-called corrective rape of LGBT victims may be a form of ‘honour’-based abuse.50 45 The term ‘honour’-based abuse is used here, as is a widely recognised term, and in order to delineate this type of abuse, with the unique issues which arise with it, to enable an effective response from statutory agencies. It is important here to emphasise that there is no honour in abuse and that is why the term ‘so-called ‘honour’-based abuse’ is also often used. 46 Greater Manchester Police were unable to provide data for year ending March 2020 following the implementation of a new IT system in July 2019. 47 ONS. Statistics on so called ‘honour-based’ abuse offences, England and Wales, 2020 to 2021 - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2021. 48 SafeLives. Spotlight Report #Hidden Victims: Your choice: ‘honour’-based violence, forced marriage and domestic abuse: 2017. 49 Mayeda, D, Vijaykumar, R. A Review of the Literature on Honor‐based Violence. Sociology Compass: 2016: