under 18, the custody officer will ensure that a woman at the police station is available to look after you and to ask you about your personal needs and menstrual products. Clothes If your own clothes are taken from you, then the police must provide you with an alternative form of clothing. Food and drink You must be offered 3 meals a day with drinks. You can also have drinks between meals. Exercise If possible you should be allowed outside each day for fresh air. When the police question you • The room should be clean, warm and lit. • You should not have to stand up. • The Police Officers should tell you their name and their rank. • You should have a break at normal meal times and a break for a drink after about two hours. • You should be allowed at least 8 hours rest in any 24 hours you are in custody. Faith Needs Tell the police if you need anything to assist you to practise your religion whilst at the station. They can provide religious books and other items, as necessary. Times when the normal rules are different Getting a solicitor to help you There are some special times when the police urgently need to ask you questions before you have talked to a solicitor. Information about these special times is given in the Codes of Practice. These set out what the police can and cannot do while you are at the police station. If you want to look up the details, they are in paragraph 6.6 of Code C of the Codes of Practice. There is one special time when the police will not let you speak to the solicitor that you have chosen. If this happens you must be allowed to choose another solicitor. If you want to look up the details, they are in Annex B of Code C of the Codes of Practice. Telling someone that you are at the police station There are some special times when the police will not allow you to contact anyone. Information about these special times is given in the Codes of Practice. If you want to look up the details, they are in Annex B of Code C of the Codes of Practice. Drink drive and drug drive offences If you are under arrest because of a drink drive offence or for a drug drive offence, you have the right to speak to a solicitor. That right does not mean you can refuse to give the police samples of breath, blood or urine even if you have not yet spoken to the solicitor. Detention under the Mental Health Act 1983 The police can also detain you at a police station for assessment under the Mental Health Act if you are aged 18 or over and because there is a risk that your behaviour is going to cause serious injury or death to you or to others, you cannot be reasonably expected to be