as a member of an approved air weapon club while being supervised by another club member aged 21 or over. 7.21 Section 30 of the 2015 Act makes it an offence for a person of any age to fail to take reasonable precautions for the safe custody of air weapons in their possession, or to fail to report the loss or theft of an air weapon to the police as soon as reasonably practicable. 7.22 For more detailed information about air weapons laws in Scotland please refer to the guidance issued by the Scottish Government: Air weapon licensing in Scotland: guide. Acquisition and possession by young people Shot guns 7.23 A person aged fifteen or over but under eighteen may acquire, other than by purchase or hire, shot guns to which section 2 of the 1968 Act applies, providing that they are in possession of a valid shot gun certificate. 7.24 Section 22(3) of the 1968 Act makes it an offence for any person under the age of fifteen to have an assembled shot gun with them unless: i) they are under the supervision of a person aged twenty-one or over; or 54 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ii) the gun is so covered with a securely fastened gun cover that it cannot be fired. Note: i. the Act does not require the supervisor to be a certificate holder, though this is preferable. ii. See also paragraphs 7.6 to 7.9 explaining authorised lending and possession by young people. 7.25 The Act does not prohibit a person under the age of fifteen from having a shot gun certificate. The Act also does not exempt a person under the age of fifteen from the need to have a shot gun certificate in order to have an assembled shot gun in their possession on private land in the circumstances described above in 7.24(i). In such cases the parent, guardian or other responsible adult will supervise the young person and take responsibility for the gun when not in use. 7.26 Under section 24(3) of the 1968 Act it is an offence to make a gift of a shot gun, or ammunition for a shot gun, to a person under the age of fifteen. The effect of this provision is to ensure that persons under fifteen years of age may not be given guns of their own. It should be noted that the offence is committed by the giver of the shot gun, not the young person who receives it. A person under the age of fifteen may be taught to shoot. It is in the interests of safety that a young person who is to handle firearms should be properly taught at a relatively early age. Persons under the age of fifteen may either use a shot gun under existing exemptions set out in Chapter 6 or whilst holding their own shot gun certificate they may borrow one for 72 hours. Supervision by an adult aged twenty-one years or over applies in all circumstances.