and maintaining the Community Risk Register and preparing LRF multi-agency plans. Equally, it shows how the main responsibilities are delivered by the duty holders themselves. 36 regulation 23 37 regulations 4(4)(b), 4(5) - 4(7) Table 2: The role of the LRF and the role of the duty holder (Category 1 and 2 responders) ROLE OF THE LRF ROLE OF THE DUTY HOLDER Category 1 Responders Category 2 Responders 1. Help develop policy by agreement across the partners. Implement agreed policy. Inform partners of relevant policy changes within their sector. 38 Implement agreed policy in support of Category 1 responders. Inform partners of relevant policy changes within their sector or company. 2. Facilitate co-operation. Be ready to co-operate with partners.39 Be ready to co-operate with partners. 3. Keep all Category 1 and 2 responders in its local resilience area informed of all LRF business. Receive and take note of all materials circulated by LRF and take action as appropriate. Receive and take note of all relevant materials circulated by LRF and take action as appropriate. 4. Facilitate and, where necessary, promote development of protocols, including with the voluntary sector and the military. Set up agreements and protocols with partners, including, where appropriate, locally-determined capacity and capability assessments. Support Category 1 responders by setting up or agreeing protocols. 5. Information and education Ð share latest thinking and experience. Enable staff to keep up-to-date with relevant civil protection issues. Enable staff to keep up-to-date with relevant civil protection issues. 6. Prepare and maintain Community Risk Register. Prepare and maintain Individual Risk Register. Support development of Community Risk Register. 7. Receive and, where appropriate, respond to government requests about risk assessments and capabilities. Assess impact of government requests in their functional areas of responsibility and respond as necessary. Assess impact of government requests in sectoral areas of responsibility and respond as necessary. 38 A relevant policy change could be any matter which affects emergency response arrangements and preparations for response. 39 Readiness involves both awareness and capability and relates to whether civil protection is embedded in the organisation or not (see paragraph 2.9 above.) ROLE OF THE LRF ROLE OF THE DUTY HOLDER Category 1 Responders Category 2 Responders 8. Be aware of individual membersÕ planning arrangements. Prepare and maintain individual plans. Prepare plans under sectoral responsibilities. 9. Be aware of the planning arrangements of voluntary sector organisations and other organisations not named in the schedule to the Act. In preparing plans, have regard to the capacity and capabilities of voluntary sector organisations and other responders not named in the schedule to the Act In preparing plans under sectoral responsibilities consider the capacity and capabilities of responders not named in the schedule to the Act 10. Facilitate identification of lead responder where appropriate. Act as lead responder or support lead responder. Act as lead responder under its sectoral responsibilities or support lead responder. 11. Be aware of multi-agency plans of members. With relevant partners, develop and maintain its own multi-agency plans as appropriate. Under