necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. Any renewed or varied order may contain only such prohibitions as are necessary for this purpose. (5) The court must not discharge an order before the end of 2 years beginning with the day on which the order was made, without the consent of the defendant andÑ (a) where the application is made by a chief officer of police, that chief officer, or (b) in any other case, the chief officer of police for the area in which the defendant resides. (6) Section 122B(1) applies for the purposes of this section. (7) In this section Òthe appropriate courtÓ meansÑ (a) where an adult magistrates' court made the sexual risk order, that court, any adult magistrates' court for the area in which the defendant resides or, where the application is made by a chief officer of police, any adult magistrates' court acting for a local justice area that includes any part of the chief officer's police area; (b) where a youth court made the order and the defendant is under the age of 18, that court, a youth court for the area in which the defendant resides or, where the application is made by a chief officer of police, any youth court acting for a local justice area that includes any part of the chief officer's police area; (c) where a youth court made the order and the defendant is aged 18 or over, an adult magistrates' court for the area in which the defendant resides or, where the application is made by a chief officer of police, any adult magistrates' court acting for a local justice area that includes any part of the chief officer's police area. In this subsection Òadult magistrates' courtÓ means a magistrates' court that is not a youth court. Interim sexual risk orders 122(E1) This section applies where an application for a sexual risk order (Òthe main applicationÓ) has not been determined. (2) An application for an order under this section (Òan interim sexual risk orderÓ) Ñ (a) may be made by the complaint by which the main application is made, or (b) if the main application has been made, may be made by the person who has made that application, by complaint to the court to which that application has been made. (a) 202 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought