(protection of hospital patients), for subsection (2) there shall be substituted— “(1A) While a person is at a hospital as a patient, no specimen of blood shall be taken from him under section 7A of this Act and he shall not be required to give his permission for a laboratory test of a specimen taken under that section unless the medical practitioner in immediate charge of his case— has been notified of the proposal to take the specimen or to make the requirement; and has not objected on the ground specified in subsection (2). (2) The ground on which the medical practitioner may object is— in a case falling within subsection (1), that the requirement or the provision of the specimen or (if one is required) the warning required by section 7(7) of this Act would be prejudicial to the proper care and treatment of the patient; and in a case falling within subsection (1A), that the taking of the specimen, the requirement or the warning required by section 7A(5) of this Act would be so prejudicial.” In section 34(3) of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (c. 53) (disqualification for certain offences where offender has previous conviction)— the word “and” at the end of paragraph (b) shall be omitted; and after paragraph (c) there shall be inserted— “(d) section 7A(6) (failing to allow a specimen to be subjected to laboratory test) where that is an offence involving obligatory disqualification;”. In Schedule 1 to the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (offences to which sections 1, 11 and 12(1) of that Act apply), in the Table, after the entry beginning “RTA section 7” there shall be inserted— “RTA section 7A Failing to allow specimen of blood to be subjected to laboratory test Sections 11 and 12(1).” In Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (prosecution and punishment of offences under the Traffic Acts), after the entry beginning “RTA section 7” there shall be inserted— “RTA section 7A Failing to allow specimen to be subjected to laboratory test Summarily (a) Where the test would be for ascertaining ability to drive or proportion (a) Obligatory in the case mentioned in column 4(a) (b) Discretionary Obligatory 3-11, in case ment- ioned in column 4(a) 10, in any other case.” 116 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes of alcohol at the time offender was driving or attempting to drive, 6 months or level 5 on the standard scale or both.