the DPA, where disclosure to the public would breach any of the data protection principles or section 10 of the DPA. 9 regulation 45(1) 10 regulation 45(1) 3.27. It will be for individual Category 1 or 2 responders to reach a decision about whether the information they hold is sensitive. But there are a number of general points that should affect the decision: o all Category 1 and 2 responders should work on the presumption that information requested should be disclosed. Non-disclosure should only occur in exceptional cases, such as where there are clear national security or commercial implications. o where the Category 1 or 2 responder knows that the information has originated from the intelligence services and that disclosure to the public would threaten national security, then the information must not be disclosed unless consent is obtained from the originating services. Where the Category 1 or 2 responder suspects that the information has originated from the intelligence services, or that it may be sensitive for reasons of national security, it should consult with the originator of the information. o in considering national security implications, note that the test is whether disclosure to the public would threaten national security, not whether disclosure to the requesting Category 1 or 2 responder would threaten national security. A similar test applies in the other categories of sensitive information. o in the case of information that is sensitive by virtue of its national security implications, a Minister of the Crown may issue a certificate certifying that disclosure of that information to the public would be contrary to the interests of national security. This certificate is conclusive. The Minister can issue a certificate in relation to a class of information or a specific piece of information. Note, however, that absence of a o certificate does not mean that the information cannot be sensitive on national security grounds.11 o where a request relates to information, part of which is sensitive and part of which is not, the exception only applies to the sensitive information. (In other words, the application of an exception does not necessarily enable a Category 1 or 2 responder to refuse an information request in its entirety). Using non-sensitive information within the planning process 3.28. The Act and Regulations do not impose any limits on the use of information obtained under the Act which is not sensitive. However, use of non-sensitive information may be limited by duties of confidence, by other enactment or by contract. 3.29. There are unlikely to be any restrictions on the use to which a Category 1 or 2 responder can put any non-sensitive information which it creates in the course of carrying on its duties under the Act; for example an emergency plan Ð though an emergency plan may contain information that has been supplied by another Category 1 or 2 responder, and the use to which this information may be put may be subject to limits. It is also important to be mindful that information is sensitive