(unless the period is extended by mutual agreement), the staff member (or representative) may provide an explanation or a written report and or any relevant documents. This will be supplied to the investigator. At all stages of disciplinary hearings and interviews, the employee will have the right to be accompanied by a recognised UNISON representative or work colleague employed by the Organisation (not acting in a legal capacity) (a) the employee and their representative will be updated every 4 weeks as to the progress of the investigation. (b) When an investigator wishes to interview the staff member, they will mutually agree a time and date for the interview. However, the staff member may suggest alternative times and dates, within 5 working days of the original date specified and the Investigator will give this due consideration. 7 ON COMPLETION OF THE INVESTIGATION When the investigation is complete the report and all supporting material should be passed to the Head of HR/Head of PSD. It will be for the Head of HR/PSD to determine how the case will be progressed. The period given for the review and determination of the IO report is 10-15 working days. If there is however a delay in this being achieved, the individual will be give a full update within this timescale and will provide a realistic expectation in regards to when this will be completed along with a reason for the delay. In either case, in consultation with HR, consideration should be given as to whether there is a case to answer. Three options are available at this stage: 1. If there is no case to answer i.e. insufficient evidence to support or substantiate the allegation, the employee will be informed of this in writing by the senior manager and advised that no further action will be taken. All references to this matter will be 1. expunged from the individualÕs personal file for disciplinary purposes and the record will be clearly marked ÔCase UnfoundedÕ by the Professional Standards Administration Team. 2. The senior manager may decide that no formal action is necessary but that the matter is better dealt with informally by giving advice to the member of staff, setting support plans etc. Any subsequent monitoring will be their responsibility. This will be recorded on ePDR. 3. If the senior manager considers formal conduct action is necessary, they should request that HR set up a formal disciplinary hearing so that the case may be heard in full. 4. The Head of HR/PSD may consider the matter in question relates more to an individualÕs capability and/or performance in which case, the ÔUnsatisfactory Performance and Capability ProcedureÕ should be referred to. A record of this will be kept on Centurion, the database maintained by People Services and PSD. No sanction will be issued until a hearing is completed. It should be noted that interviews carried out under the Police Staff Disciplinary Procedures are not conducted under caution. Where staff are invited for meetings or interviews particularly as part