mortars and artillery pieces. Notifying possession or transfer Should an owner subsequently wish to sell or transfer their deactivated firearm, the Home O?ce would need to be notified about the transaction. Details on how to notify possession or transfer of deactivated firearms is contained in Home O?ce Circular 010/2019: Firearms Regulations 2019 and the Firearms (Amendment) (No.2) Rules 2019. Forms are available to notify possession, or transfer, of a deactivated firearm. Send completed forms to our dedicated inbox: deactivatedfirearmsnotifications@homeo?ce.gov.uk. Notification of transfers of a deactivated firearm to the appropriate national authority (ODT, 12.2 KB) Notification of possession of a deactivated firearm to the appropriate national authority (ODT, 10.3 KB) Deactivated firearms that fall outside the scope of Implementing Regulation 2018/337 do not need to be notified for either possession or transfer; these include flare pistols, launchers, mortars and artillery pieces. Deactivated firearms that were deactivated prior to 8 April 2016, do not need to be notified for possession. If you have any questions please contact public.enquiries@homeo?ce.gov.uk Earlier deactivation standards The current deactivation standards are as specified by the 2018 regulations. Some firearms were legally deactivated to a preceding standard and have remained unaltered in the owners possession. Deactivation certificates issued by the Proof Authority before the 2018 regulations came into force are still valid. It is only when the owner of a previously deactivated firearm seeks to transfer it, or to o?er to sell or gift the weapon, or sells or gifts the weapon, they will need to comply with the new standards. Details of earlier standards are listed below. 8 April 2016: change in law a?ecting deactivated firearms The Implementing regulation - 2015/2403 ÔEstablishing common guidelines on deactivation standards and techniques for ensuring that deactivated firearms are rendered irreversibly inoperableÕ was published in the EU O?cial Journal on Saturday 19 December 2015. This has e?ect from 8 April 2016. All firearms submitted to the Proof Houses from 8 April must comply with Home O?ce guidance and additional measures relating to European Commission Regulation (EU) 2015/2403. 15 December 2015: O?cial Journal on establishing common guidelines on deactivation standards and techniques This document should be read in conjunction with: Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) of 15 December 2015 Specifications for the adaptation of shotgun magazines and the deactivation of firearms, revised 2010 Arms falling outside of the scope of the regulation should continue to be deactivated in accordance with ÔSpecifications for the adaptation of shotgun magazines and the deactivation of firearms, revised 2010Õ. Arms deactivated prior to the introduction of the regulation submitted for re- certification can still be issued with a UK valid only certificate. It must be noted that should the arm subsequently be sold, exported or fall within the remit of the regulation in any way, it must be brought up to the specification of the regulation. Double submissions will be required in all cases where the certifying body cannot readily inspect the arm to ensure that all work has been carried out in compliance with the regulation. Additional