by judge 1 (1) On an application made by a constable, a judge may make an order under paragraph 2 if the judge is satisfied that the following conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that material that consists of, or may relate to the location of, relevant human remainsÑ (a) is in the possession or control of a person specified in the application, or (b) is on premises occupied or controlled by a person specified in the application. (3) The second condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the material consists of or includes excluded material or special procedure material. (4) The third condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the material does not consist of or include items subject to legal privilege. (5) The fourth condition is that other methods of obtaining the materialÑ (a) have been tried without success, or (b) have not been tried because it appeared that they were bound to fail. (6) The fifth condition is that it is in the public interest, having regardÑ (a) to the need to ensure that human remains are located and disposed of in a lawful manner, and (b) to the circumstances under which the person in possession of the material holds it, that the material should be produced or access to it should be given. 292 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Special procedure for access to material relating to human remains Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 2 (1) An order under this paragraph is an order that, before the end of the relevant period, the person specified in the application mustÑ (a) produce the material to a constable for the constable to take it away, or (b) give a constable access to it. (2) In sub-paragraph (1) Òthe relevant periodÓ means 7 days from the date of the order or such longer period as the order may specify. 3 Where the material consists of information stored in any electronic formÑ (a) an order under paragraph 2(1)(a) has effect as an order to produce the material in a form in which it can be taken away and in which it is visible and legible or from which it can readily be produced in a visible or legible form, and (b) an order under paragraph 2(1)(b) has effect as an order to give a constable access to the material in a form in which it is visible and legible. 4 For the purposes of sections