to reduce reoccurring problems. The Ôtroubled familiesÕ programme, which involves intensive work with particularly resource demanding families, is a prime example of this. The governmentÕs Ôtroubled familiesÕ programme has been found to reduce offending and antisocial behaviour and thus, reduce the demand on the police (Home Office, n.d). Targeted policing can be seen as an effective tool for curbing demand by concentrating resources on specific crimes, criminals, victims and areas that are prone to cause high demand before calls for assistance occur (Karn, 2013). ÔHot spotÕ policing involves deploying more patrol resources at Ôhot spotsÕ defined as Òsmall clusters of addresses with frequent hard crime calls as well as substantial soft crime calls for serviceÓ (Sherman and Weisburd, 1995, p. 630;). Similarly, problem orientated policing focusses on targeting strategies to specifically identified problems (Weisburd and Eck, 2004). Generally, studies show that increases of police presence in places where crime is more concentrated results in significant reductions in crime calls (Weisburd and Braga, 2006). In addition, this effect has been found to have a wider impact, as evidence indicates spatial diffusion benefits to the areas surrounding the policing intervention (Clark and Weisburd, 1994). Aims and Objectives of the Current Study As a result of police budget cuts and reduced staffing, it is important to take an evidence based approach to understand the demand on the police service in an attempt to optimise the use of resources (Srinivasan, 2013; Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014). It appears that the majority of calls to the police involve issues that are not inherently traditional police business (Hill and Paynich, 2014). However, this is based on results from dated or non-British based studies. Furthermore, although it appears that some repeat callers hold specific traits, these are only loosely speculated at this stage. There are two key objectives to this research; (i) To give an overview of where the highest public demand for police resources in Lancashire ConstabularyÕs Central Division has come from; and (ii) To profile the most demanding addresses in this area in order to understand why these particular households/families have such a high demand for police services. Through increased understanding of who constitutes the main consumers of police resources and the reasons behind why there is such a demand from certain addresses, the police and their partner agencies will be more informed to better manage these high resource consumers, thus reducing the demand on the force (College of Policing, 2015). Methodology Data and Research Approach Lancashire Constabulary commissioned this research to identify and understand the demand profile across their Central Division. Lancashire County has an estimated population of nearly 1.5 million with a rich diversity of communities, and Lancashire Constabulary covers 2,000 square miles and has 2889 Police officers and 1920 Police staff (Lancashire Constabulary, 2016). For this purpose, data was obtained from Lancashire Constabulary data warehouses. Raw data was extracted from Command and Control using a search criteria of all calls for service within the Central Division over the year of 2013 (01/01/13