violence from a partner; possession of a controlled substance belonging to an abusive partner; use of force against an abusive partner or ex-partner; failure to ensure school attendance for fear of meeting an abusive partner or ex-partner.188 Agencies should always consider the possible context of domestic abuse in female offending and emphasise a gender and trauma-responsive approach for supporting women at risk of entering the criminal justice system. See also the section on ‘Offending’. Victims with insecure immigration status Perpetrators of domestic violence can use insecure immigration status as a way to inflict abuse on the victim, for example, by way of threatening to tell the police or Home Office. When dealing with victims with insecure immigration status, police should treat all individuals who report domestic abuse as victims first. See the ‘Immigration status and migrant victims’ section for guidance as to what support victims with insecure immigration status may be able to access. 186 The College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice on Domestic Abuse provides guidance on the use of, and selection of, interpreters at the scene and during interviews. 187 As outlined in the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales (‘the Victims Code’), November 2020: victim, or witness, might need the help of a Registered Intermediary because of their age, a learning disability, a mental disorder or a physical disability that affects their ability to communicate. They are often the difference between a witness being able to give evidence or not. 188 For further information on identifying perpetrators as victims see Respect Toolkit for work with Male Victims of Domestic Abuse: 2019 edition. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme The Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme (‘DVDS’), also known as ‘Clare’s Law’, as it was introduced following the murder of Clare Wood, by her former partner in Greater Manchester in 2009, is a policy framework, which provides for procedures enabling disclosure of information relating to previous violent conduct. Disclosures under this scheme are made using the police’s common law powers to disclose information to prevent crime, here by disclosing to A, information relating to abusive, or violent, offending by A’s current, or former, intimate partner, B. In order to be lawful, any such disclosure of information about B must be necessary to prevent crime, in this case, harm to A. Any disclosure must be proportionate to that aim, and must be in accordance with relevant over-arching legislation, for example the Human Rights Act 1998, the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974. Police should consider the need to seek legal advice on the legality of using their common law disclosure powers in the context of the DVDS on a case-by-case basis. The DVDS includes two routes for disclosing information: “Right to Ask” is triggered by a member of the public (“A” or someone acting on behalf of “A”) applying to the police for a disclosure; and “Right to Know” is triggered by the police making a proactive