ÔWorking with other local partners to address the issueÕ below. There is also a range of resources on what works. These are outlined below in the section on Sources of Evidence. The Department for Education (DfE) has published a range of advice on behaviour, attendance and bullying. For example, the GovernmentÕs former expert adviser on behaviour, Charlie Taylor, has produced a checklist on the basics of classroom management.5 Teachers can use this to develop between five and ten essential actions to encourage good behaviour in pupils. The Department for Education has produced advice for parents (November 2014) on how to protect their child from being cyber- bullied. It provides advice and information about how they can protect their child from cyberbullying and how to tackle it if it happens. The DfE has also produced advice on bullying in 2011 and this was updated in 2014.6 The advice summarises: • schoolsÕ legal obligations and powers; • the general principles adopted by successful schools; and • specialist organisations that can provide help. There is also a range of resources available to address wider violence issues that affect young people, such as ÔsextingÕ and relationship abuse. These are listed in Resource C under ÔOther resources for schoolsÕ. Working with other local partners to address the issue Dealing with gang or youth violence issues in an area is a shared responsibility for the community and partner agencies. Schools or colleges affected by these issues will be able to draw advice and support from their local partners, such as the police, youth offending teams, other local authority teams or the voluntary and community sector. The Local Safeguarding Children Board (LSCB) may also have a strategy to address these issues. The work of the local community safety partnership will provide key support. For example, the partnership may be able to: • give advice on whether there are any safer communitiesÕ activities currently underway and what the school or college might do to complement, support or interact with them; • keep schools/colleges informed about the numerous ways that gang members can control, intimidate and or influence pupils in the school/college environment; • identify young people who are subject to court orders and what schools/colleges may need to know; • manage an ÔalertÕ system on local problems that may affect the school/college or put young people at risk; • offer specialist advice on particular problems, for example, gang-associated girls; • If the school or college is in an ÕEnding Gang and Youth ViolenceÕ area, the Community Safety Manager will be able to put school/ college staff in touch with the local agency that takes the lead on gathering information about the gangs operating in the area. Primary schools and early intervention Evidence shows that early-stage intervention is an effective strategy for preventing children becoming involved in violence, crime or antisocial behaviour later in life. Primary schools, working with local partners, can play an important role in understanding and spotting the warning signs amongst younger children. Where appropriate, head