have talked about your cutting and the traditions in your country. Is there anything else you want to tell me about this?Ó 46 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation ÒHow do you, and how does your partner, feel about female genital cutting? How do the people around you feel about this? Are you still in touch with relatives in your country? How do they feel about it? At what age is it usually performed?Ó Professionals have a responsibility to ensure women and families understand that FGM is illegal in the UK, and to explain the harmful consequences it can have. See Annex I for resources that can be used to support these conversations. C.2.1 Using Translators An accredited female interpreter may be required. Any interpreter should ideally be appropriately trained in relation to FGM, and in all cases should not be a family member, not be known to the individual, and not be someone with influence in the individualÕs community. Care must be taken to ensure that an interpreter is available at services supporting women with FGM, as this is likely to be required for many appointments relating to FGM. C.3. Communicating in Written and Public Formats When issuing communication materials about FGM some specific considerations are required. Cultural sensitivities must not get in the way of tackling FGM, but communicating about it in the wrong way can undermine and damage efforts. It is important to highlight that FGM is illegal, child abuse, a form of violence against women and girls, a human rights violation and a manifestation of gender inequality. However, communication on FGM also needs to be framed respectfully. Campaigns that do not recognise this, risk doing inadvertent harm, including: • pushing the practice underground; • stigmatising women and girls who have already undergone FGM; • fuelling racism/discrimination against affected communities; • incorrectly suggesting that more minor forms of FGM, or FGM carried out in clinics under sanitary conditions, are acceptable. To help ensure that communication activities are appropriate it is recommended that organisations consult with relevant community organisations and survivors. Communication Activities: Additional Resources Advice on developing communication activities on violence against women and girls, including FGM, is available in the Violence against Women and Girls Communications Insight Pack Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 47 Annex D: Safeguarding Key points • FGM is illegal in England and Wales (see Chapter 3 for more details). Professionals should intervene to safeguard girls and protect women who may be at risk of FGM or have been affected by it. • The level of safeguarding intervention needed will depend on how imminent the risk of harm is (see Annex B for risk factors). An appropriate course of action should be decided on a case-by-case basis, with expert input from all relevant agencies. • Working across agencies as soon as a girl or woman is identified as being at risk of FGM is essential. D.1. FGM: Part of Wider Safeguarding Responsibilities FGM is not an issue where