more traditionally-minded police officers than initiatives like neighbourhood policing. In its most narrow interpretation, intelligence-led policing is primarily concerned with enforcement, arrest and incarceration of offenders. More fuzzy concepts such as economic deprivation or low social capital do not come into play, and the offender is cited as the main root of the problem. The police as ‘intelligence-led’ can paint a flattering picture of their work, one that the public is likely to embrace. The police are hard on criminals, but especially the worst and most prolific criminals. However, as Tilley (2003) reminds us, this does not mean that it is necessarily a better way of dealing with crime. Enforcement alone is not always the best solution (Bittner 1967), and there is also the ethical issue that some covert methods employed to gather intelligence might disproportionately impact on privacy. The NIM was designed to avoid the narrow interpretation of being intelligence-led. It is in fact a business model for the entire police organisation and can include community input as well as that from partner agencies, and focus resources on longer- term projects to solve community issues. There are efforts underway in some areas to join up the work of Community Safety Partnerships (of which the police are one of many members) with that of the NIM. Thus strategic planning could reflect the fears of communities, which are often focused on very low-level and isolated incidents. At the moment, however, this is more of an ideal picture than the reality of police work. There is no guarantee that the NIM will be used to its full potential and the above mentioned problems and prejudices towards the NIM within the police do still exist (Maguire and John 2006). ZERO TOLERANCE POLICING The theme of being hard on criminals continues in the next policing method to be considered. While there has been some attempt at implementing it in the UK, the US has shown far greater interest in zero tolerance policing. The primary and oft-cited example of this comes from New York City and its dramatic fall in recorded crime, especially that of homicide, in the 1990s. The mayor, Rudolph Giuliani, and the chief of police for the NYPD, William Bratton, had enthusiastically embraced the ‘Broken Windows’ theory of Wilson and Kelling (1982). This theory stipulates that small acts of disorder, such as a broken window, can invite further acts of disorder if they remain uncorrected (more broken windows). Increasing numbers of small acts of disorder will eventually lead to greater acts of disorder (graffiti, vandalism) and then to serious crime (drug dealing, car theft), resulting in the demise of a neighbourhood or other area in terms of its social control and security. As the public grows increasingly fearful from the small acts of disorder, this leads them to use public areas less, which invites further acts of disorder and crime because informal social control is disappearing. The New York policing method developed in line with this theory was not labelled ‘zero tolerance’