in the Schedule (and section 56 so far as relating to the repeal) comes into force in the same way as the provisions of this Act to which the repeal relates. (6) The other provisions of this Part come into force on the day this Act is passed. (7) An order under this section must be made by statutory instrument. (8) An order under this sectionÑ (a) may appoint different days for different purposes; (b) may include transitional or incidental provision or savings. (9) An order commencing sections 39 to 41 (acquisition of British citizenship by naturalisation) must include provision that the amendments made by those sections do not have effect in relation to an application for naturalisation as a British citizen ifÑ (a) the date of the application is before the date on which those sections come into force in accordance with the order (Òthe date of commencementÓ), or (b) the date of the application is before the end of the period of 24 months beginning with the date of commencement and the application is made by a person who falls within subsection (10) or (11). (10) A person falls within this subsection if on the date of commencement the person has indefinite leave to remain in the United Kingdom. (11) A person falls within this subsection if the person is given indefinite leave to remain in the United Kingdom on an applicationÑ (a) the date of which is before the date of commencement, and (b) which is decided after the date of commencement. (12) The reference in subsection (9) to an order commencing sections 39 to 41 does not include an order commencing those sections for the purpose only of enabling regulations to be made under the British Nationality Act 1981 (c. 61). (13) In the case of an order commencing sections 39 to 41, transitional provision may, in particularÑ (a) provide that the qualifying period for the purposes of paragraph 1 or 3 of Schedule 1 to the British Nationality Act 1981 includes time before that commencement; (b) provide for leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom granted before that commencement to be treated as qualifying temporary residence leave or probationary citizenship leave for the purposes of that Schedule. (14) In the case of an order commencing section 45 (acquisition of British citizenship through the female line), transitional provision may, in particular, provide that section 45 is to apply to an application made, but not determined, under section 4C of the British Nationality Act 1981 before that commencement. (1) Part 4 Ð Miscellaneous and general Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end