of others. • Colleagues with health conditions and disabilities are able to optimise work opportunities 3. Workplace Wellbeing Charter The nationally recognised Workplace Wellbeing Charter is an evidence-based award scheme seen as statement of intent, showing commitment to health and wellbeing. The Charter provides advice, guidance and resources to help organisations create an environment in which individuals can flourish. The Charter has been running successfully for over four years and is now endorsed by Public Health England. Wiltshire Police are committed to progressing and achieving the Workplace Charter. In order to establish the ForceÕs current position with regards to meeting the Charters criteria, the CharterÕs self-assessment will be completed. Wiltshire Police will ensure regular re-assessments are also undertaken to assess performance against the Charters three key elements of leadership, culture and communication. The Workplace Wellbeing Charter has now been included in all ForceÕs HMIC PEEL and FMS assessments. This will be taken into account for future inspections i.e. forces will need to demonstrate they are aware of the Charter and are committed to it at this early stage. Wiltshire Police are committed to supporting the NPCC Well Being & Engagement working group and Oscar Kilo, a web resource funded by Public Health England (PHE) that contains the College of Policing Blue Light Wellbeing Framework. Wiltshire Police will utilise the evidence-based self-assessment tool tailored to the needs of policing, to continuously improve how we support our people. 4. Stress What is Stress? Stress is the adverse reaction people have to excessive pressures or other types of demands placed on them. There is a clear distinction between pressure, which can be a motivating factor and stress which can occur when this pressure becomes excessive. Stress is experienced when a person cannot cope with the pressures and demands placed upon them either in their work and/or personal lives. Stress in our Organisation The working environment of police officers and operational police staff members means that they may have to face traumatic incidents often with confrontational, face to face contact with the public, dealing with bereaved family members, and dealing with death or serious injury. All staff can be expected to carry the memories of difficult work related experiences which may impinge on their job for example, dealing with fatal road traffic incidences, cases of child abuse, control room operators managing stressful incidents and word processing operators typing fatal road traffic collision reports. Additional pressures are created by the demands staff place upon themselves, based on their own needs and perceived or actual expectations of themselves. These can also be exacerbated by personal circumstances. The HSE guidance document entitled ÒStriking the balance between operational and health and safety dutiesÓ also recognises the inherently stressful, unpredictable and dangerous nature of operational police business and sets out the expectations on the police service in relation to the management of these situations. Definition of Stress The Health and Safety Executive defines stress as Òthe adverse reaction people have to excessive pressure or other types of demand placed