will only evacuate if it becomes necessary. This is generally called a phased evacuation and the initial movement, depending on the layout and configuration of the premises, can be either horizontal or vertical. The second alternative is for the initial alert signal to be given to certain staff, who then carry out pre-arranged actions to help others to evacuate more easily. It requires able, fully- trained staff to be available at all times and should not be seen as a simple means of reducing disruption to working practices. Where staged alarms are being used, disabled people should be alerted on the first stage to give them the maximum time to escape. These arrangements both require fire-warning systems capable of giving staged alarms, including an Ôalert signalÕ and a different Ôevacuate signalÕ and should only be considered after consultation with specialist installers and, if necessary, the relevant enforcing authority. Such systems also require a greater degree of management input to ensure that staff and others are familiar with the system and action required. 2.5 Testing and maintenance Your fire-warning and/or detection system should be supervised by a named responsible person, given enough authority and training to manage all aspects of the routine testing and scrutiny of the system. The control and indicating equipment should be checked at least every 24 hours to ensure there are no specific faults. All types of fire- warning systems should be tested once a week. For electrical systems a manual call point should be activated (using a different call point for each successive test), usually by inserting a dedicated test key (Figure 19). This will check that the control equipment is capable of receiving a signal and in turn, activating the warning alarms. Manual call points may be numbered to ensure they are sequentially tested. Testing and maintenance of the system should be carried out by a competent person. Figure 19: Using a test key It is good practice to test the alarm at the same time each week, but additional tests may be required to ensure that staff or people present outside normal working hours are given the opportunity to hear the alarm. Where systems are connected to a central monitoring station, arrangements should be made prior to testing to avoid unwanted false alarms. Further guidance on testing and maintenance of fire warning systems can be found in BS 5839-1.16 Six-monthly servicing and preventive maintenance should be carried out by a competent person with specialist knowledge of fire-warning and automatic detection systems. This task is normally fulfilled by entering into a service contract with a specialist fire alarm company. It is good practice to record all tests, false alarms and any maintenance carried out. 2.6 Guaranteed power supply If your fire risk assessment concludes that an electrical fire-warning system is necessary, then the Health and Safety (Safety Signs and Signals) Regulations 19965 requires it to have a back-up power supply. Whatever back-up system is used, it should normally be capable of operating the fire- warning