to 138 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 and for the prohibition of certain activities in Parliament Square; to enable provision in local authority byelaws to include powers of seizure and forfeiture; about the control of dangerous or otherwise harmful drugs; to restrict the issue of arrest warrants for certain extra-territorial offences; and for connected purposes. [15th September 2011] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:Ñ 2 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 1 Ð Police areas outside London Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) PART 1 POLICE REFORM CHAPTER 1 POLICE AREAS OUTSIDE LONDON 1 Police and crime commissioners (1) There is to be a police and crime commissioner for each police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996 (police areas outside London). (2) A police and crime commissioner is a corporation sole. (3) [F1Unless subsection (3B) applies, the] name of the police and crime commissioner for a police area is Òthe Police and Crime Commissioner forÓ with the addition of the name of the police area. [F2(3A) Subsection (3B) applies if the person who is the police and crime commissioner for a police area is also the fire and rescue authority for the area which corresponds to, or an area which falls within, the police area. (3B) In that case the name of the police and crime commissioner is Òthe Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner forÓ with the addition of the name of the police area.] (4) The police and crime commissioner for a police area is to be elected, and hold office, in accordance with Chapter 6. (5) A police and crime commissioner hasÑ (a) the functions conferred by this section, (b) the functions relating to community safety and crime prevention conferred by Chapter 3, and (c) the other functions conferred by this Act and other enactments. (6) The police and crime commissioner for a police area mustÑ (a) secure the maintenance of the police force for that area, and (b) secure that the police force is efficient and effective. (7) The police and crime commissioner for a police area must hold the relevant chief constable to account for the exercise ofÑ (a) the functions of the chief constable, and (b) the functions of persons under the direction and control of the chief constable. (8) The police and crime commissioner must, in particular, hold the chief constable to account forÑ (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 3 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 1 Ð Police areas outside London Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This