general rule, no order for costs should be made against the police where an applicant is successful on appeal, unless, as an exception to the general rule, the policeÕs decision was unreasonable, or the police have acted in bad faith, in which case costs can be awarded against the police in those limited cases. The main concern of the police should always be public protection. In these cases the following case law applies: • Oldring v Chief Constable of Hampshire (2003) Ð Costs should only be awarded against the police where their decision was ÒWednesbury unreasonable;Ó meaning so unreasonable that no reasonable decision maker could have arrived at it. The question of whether or not the policeÕs decision was reasonable should be judged on the basis of the material that was before the police at the time they made the decision. • R (On the application of Chief Constable of Sussex) v Chichester Crown court (2003) Ð Provided the Chief Constable reasonably comes to the conclusion that there are grounds to revoke and can maintain that view before the court, there can be no injustice to the appellant in denying them the ability to recover their costs even though they have succeeded on appeal. 20.11 Ultimately, the courts retain discretion over what to decide on the issue of costs, but the court will be bound to follow the applicable case law. 20.12 Recognising the public interest that the tightest control is exercised over those who possess firearms, the following case set out that, as a rule, appeals should be heard by full-time circuit judges. 174 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law • Chief Constable of Essex v Campbell (2012) Ð [Firearms licensing appeals] must, in the view of this court, be heard by full-time circuit judges. It is simply not fair to ask a parttime judge, without the experience of a full-time judge, to decide such issues. It should therefore follow that it is only with the consent of the Presiding Judges of a Circuit that a Recorder should be permitted to hear any such appeal, given the overwhelming importance of the strictness of control over those who have the privilege of holding firearms. 175 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 21: Criminal use of Firearms 21.1 This chapter outlines the various criminal offences contained in the 1968 Act, and includes references to firearms offences under the Highways Act 1980 and the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006. Conversion of weapons (section 4 of the 1968 Act) 21.2 Section 4(1) of the 1968 Act makes it an offence to shorten the barrel of a shot gun to a length less than 24 inches. It is not an offence for a registered firearms dealer to shorten the barrel of a shot gun for the sole purpose of replacing a defective part of the barrel so as to produce a barrel not less than 24 inches in length. Section 4(3) makes it an offence for a person other than a registered firearms dealer to