will flourish. Clinical Governance Lead is Dr Rachel Oaten FRCEM BSc (Hons) Consultant in Emergency Medicine at Salisbury District Hospital. Other members of the governance group include members of staff from People Development, Operations, Health and Safety and a Paramedic who works locally with South Western Ambulance Service First Aid Working Group The First Aid Working Group within Wiltshire Police look to ensure that we are meeting national requirements for first aid training, ensuring first and foremost our officers are as protected and skilled as they can be to serve the communities within our Force footprint. The group will review incidents, feedback, equipment and training with a view to becoming a Force that is viewed as carrying out best practice nationally. 4. Principles. 4.1 Given the increasing prevalence of police officers being first on scene at incidents as well as often waiting lengthy periods of time for health care professionals to arrive on scene it is now considered imperative that staff with extended skill sets such as police medics, paramedic qualifications and medical qualifications have capability to assist members of public and if necessary provide life-saving treatment. It is fully recognised that first and foremost Policing is at the heart of each Officers actions on scene and that once all immediate policing actions have been carried out medical assistance could be offered, if required. This Policy does NOT support officerÕs solely delivering medical care and ignoring policing responsibility and actions required at an incident. 4.2 Wiltshire Police will ensure that the relevant, risk assessments and equipment necessary to ensure staff safety and minimise harm to an individual person are made available to staff including appropriate safety equipment and consumables. 1.1 4.2.1 Safety equipment should be provided to anyone who is public facing. Those with an extended skill set will require gloves, masks and protective eye wear along with equipment appropriate to their role. 4.3 Staff having access to the additional equipment must have the relevant skills and training to be able to ensure their own safety and that of any casualty. The exact level of competence required has been determined by People Development for qualifications such as Police Medic Role. For external qualifications such as Paramedic / Doctor Individuals wishing to provide additional skills will need to provide proof of qualification, registration with a professional body and ongoing continuous professional development relevant to their qualification. The qualification will need to be verified and approved by People Development and Clinical Governance Lead. 4.3.1 Staff are expected to feedback on any incidents they attend through new feedback processes that are being developed in conjunction with Force Communications. 4.4 Quarterly meetings will be held by the First Aid Working Group to ensure trends are reviewed both nationally and locally and also review any incidents where officers or staff have needed to use equipment. These meetings will be documented, written feedback will be provided to officers who submit incidents or near misses and will ultimately be fed back into Wiltshire Police Occupational Health and