by the prosecutor has been made under section 169, 170, 177 or 178 and not concluded, or the officer believes that such an application is to be made, and there is reasonable cause to believe that the defendant has benefited from criminal conduct. The sixth condition is that— an application by the prosecutor has been made under section 171 and not concluded, or the officer believes that such an application is to be made, and there is reasonable cause to believe that the court will decide under that section that the amount found under the new calculation of the defendant's benefit exceeds the relevant amount (as defined in that section). The seventh condition is that— an application by the prosecutor has been made under section 172 and not concluded, or the officer believes that such an application is to be made, and there is reasonable cause to believe that the court will decide under that section that the amount found under the new calculation of the available amount exceeds the relevant amount (as defined in that section). The third or fourth condition is not met if the officer believes that— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 67 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes there has been undue delay in continuing the proceedings, or the prosecutor does not intend to proceed. If an application mentioned in the fifth, sixth or seventh condition has been made the condition is not met if the officer believes that— there has been undue delay in continuing the application, or the prosecutor does not intend to proceed. In relation to the first or second condition references in sections 195C to 195S to the defendant are to the person mentioned in that condition. In relation to the first or second condition section 225(9) has effect as if proceedings for the offence had been started against the defendant when the investigation was started. 195C Power to seize property On being satisfied as mentioned in section 195B(1) an appropriate officer may seize any realisable property if the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that— the property may otherwise be made unavailable for satisfying any confiscation order that has been or may be made against the defendant, or the value of the property may otherwise be diminished as a result of conduct by the defendant or any other person. But the officer may not seize— cash, or exempt property. “Cash” has the same meaning as in section 289. “Exempt property” means— such tools, books, vehicles and other items of equipment as are necessary