Johnson, Monique. ÒHow Banks Can Bridge the Financial Literacy Gap and Empower Communities.Ó Forbes, November 6, 2024. https://www.forbes.com/councils/fo rbesfinancecouncil/2024/11/06/how -banks-can-bridge-the-financial- literacy-gap-empower- communities/. [18] Boser, Ulrich. ÒThe Hidden Value of Curriculum Reform.Ó The [1] Center for American Progress, October 14, 2015. https://www.americanprogress.org/a rticle/the-hidden-value-of- curriculum-reform/ [19] Intuit Blog. ÒIntuit Survey: U.S. High School Students Want Financial Education at School.Ó April 2, 2024. https://www.intuit.com/blog/innova tive-thinking/intuit-survey/. Incorporating Culturally Responsive Teaching into School to Increase Academic Success By Sejal Sekhar, scs326@cornell.edu Over 25 states have introduced anti-DEI bills targeting higher education, which have put students of color at a disadvantage socially and academically. To counter these laws, culturally responsive teaching needs to be implemented. Background In recent years, party lines have reshaped AmericaÕs education system. With anti-Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) bills introduced in over twenty-five states, education differs heavily from state to state.1 Of the 86 proposed bills, 14 have received final legislative approval and become law, which aims to restrict mandatory DEI training, DEI offices and staff, diversity statements, and identity-based preferences for hiring and admissions.2 The start of 2023 marks the push by Republican politicians to limit and ban DEI initiatives, and with the Supreme CourtÕs decision to ban affirmative action, the agenda was furthered.3 Polling found approximately 77% of Republicans believe discrimination against white and black people is equally problematic, which underscores why some lawmakers are pushing for DEI restriction.4 One of the main groups affected by DEI policies, bans, and restrictions is college students. When asked what they would do if their college abolished DEI initiatives, 55% of polled college students reported they would consider transferring schools.5 In addition, 59% of students stated that they would reconsider enrolling in their respective universities if they lacked DEI initiatives.6 While many lawmakers believe establishing anti- DEI bills is better for the country, most college students clearly disagree. Beyond college students, around 61% of the American public support DEI programs.7 One of the main harms caused by banning or limiting DEI in schools is the threat to cultural competence and the undermining of the student community, which is why colleges need to continue supporting their students by developing alternative solutions to ensure equal representation. Policy Idea Colleges should implement culturally responsive teaching as an effective way to counter anti-DEI legislation, which creates an inclusive learning space by using studentÕs diverse backgrounds to add cultural nuance to the curriculum.8 Through implementing culturally responsive teaching, inclusion begins in the classroom and focuses on building student-to- student and student-to-teacher relationships. To allow the program to be implemented and sustained, qualitative and quantitative data must be consistently gauged. The quantitative way to determine if culturally responsive teaching is effective is by analyzing studentsÕ academic performance prior to and post-implementation. Additionally, the retention rates within classes and majors should be used to determine if culturally responsive teaching effectively encourages students through engagement and participation. Adding these techniques into daily lessons will make individuals more empathetic and culturally informed inside and outside of the classroom. Policy Analysis Culturally responsive