Request process. Completed forms should be date stamped and forwarded to the FDU via internal mail as soon as possible. Although an individual does not have to make a written request under DPA 2018, Wiltshire Police are not obliged to supply any information to an individual until we: a. Have enough information to complete the request b. Have confirmed the individualÕs identity (see Identification for further information) If receiving a telephone call from a member of the public asking for information held about themselves by Wiltshire Police, staff may wish to direct them to the Right of Access Request link on our website where the Data Subject can either download a copy of the From 135 and return to the FDU either via email or in hard copy through the post; or make an online request @ https://www.wiltshire.police.uk/rqo/request/ri/request- information/rso/request-information-about-yourself-or-someone-else/. This is a very straightforward process and is directed straight to the FDU. It is important to note that a Data Subject is not obliged to complete this form in order to make a valid request under this right; however, the form will assist the applicant in providing enough detail and supporting identification documents to ensure that their request becomes valid under Data Protection legislation. As per Section 2.1 all requests made to Wiltshire Police for disclosure of information under Data Protection legislation will require identification verification before disclosure can be facilitated. 2.2 Verification of Identity ÔThe controller shall use all reasonable measures to verify the identity of a data subject who requests access, in particular in the context of online services and online identifiers. A controller should not retain personal data for the sole purpose of being able to react to potential requestsÕ. Most requests for information received by Wiltshire Police will require the applicant to provide proof of identity. *Please note that you only require ID if you have reasonable doubts as to the identity of the data subject Ð for example, if a data subject has been heavily involved with PSD and there has been several email exchanges between the two parties then it will be hard to argue that you have reasonable doubts as to the data subjects identity*. Whilst the application process insists on two forms of ID (for efficiency purposes) to show name, date of birth, address and facial image, the minimum requirements to satisfy identity verification should be a document/record, which verifies the Data SubjectÕs name and date of birth. For any requests relating to obtaining video or photographic records such as custody photographs or Body Worn Video footage, photographic identification must be produced. If the request is received in the post and the applicant wants a hard copy response, then confirmation/proof of address will be required. The identity of the data subject must be validated on all occasions before disclosure of information is made to them. This proof of identity may include: Birth/adoption certificate Marriage certificate Driving licence Medical card Passport Pension book/statement Benefits statement Insurance certificate (not schedule) Hire purchase agreement Or,