are the correct person before updating any part of a record o Missing DOB can be added to their filename o When adding the correct DOB to a person linked to multiple occurrences this must initially be added as a new ÔAliasÕ and then changed to the ÔFilenameÕ, amending the original ÔFilenameÕ to ÔAlias. This means we can still search on both * If the person is linked to multiple occurrences always inform the DQT of any DOB changes • For updates to a personÕs name or gender please refer to the ÒUpdating personal informationÓ section below 3.1.8 Updating personal information Self-Identification and gender reassignment Every Person record filename must match that of the current and legal name and gender of the person in question. A filename can only be updated to a new name and gender when the following criteria are met Ð Scenario 1 - Self Notification PNC: The subject has a different gender identity, notifies the police of their reassigned gender and provides one document from Group A and one document from Group B below: Group A • Statutory Declaration • Deed Poll • • Official medical letter / report concerning the subjectÕs gender identity Group B • Driving licence in the reassigned gender • Passport in the reassigned gender • Birth certificate in the reassigned gender Niche: The subject has a different gender identity and notifies the police of their reassigned gender - • Deed Poll confirmation only The Force (PNC Bureau) will then arrange for the Home Office department responsible to change the PNC file name and gender. Niche amendments will be made by the Data Quality Team. Scenario 2 Ð Force Notification The Force becomes aware that the subject recorded on Niche or PNC record is living in an acquired gender (i.e. different from that which was assigned at birth). Police (PNC Bureau usually) email the Home Office and request an information marker Ð either ÔPolice notified Ð living as femaleÕ or ÔPolice notified Ð living as maleÕ. The record filename and gender (that which was recorded at the point of PNC or Niche record creation) is retained. In this instance the Data Quality Team will create an alias record in Niche including the full name and preferred gender title and remarks stating that this is how the person would like to be referred to. The filename will remain as it is until official legal documentation is provided confirming any changes. Former / Married Names If an amendment of surname is found or requested due to a change in marital status this can be updated without any legal confirmation of such. The original Niche record will remain as an appropriate alias (ÔMaiden nameÕ / ÔFormer nameÕ etc) with the new details added as a new ÔFilenameÕ. Never overwrite an existing filename unless it is one you have only just created yourself. When a person is found to have or advises us of any other legal change in full name or part thereof (forename or