discontinued, or not proceeded with, a complaint handling review in relation to the complaint under section 36(1), or (ii) ordered the discontinuance of a reconsideration of the complaint under section 39(1). (4) The Commissioner may consider a complaint under subsection (1)(c)Ñ (a) at the request of the complainer, or (b) of the CommissionerÕs own volition. (5) The Commissioner must consult the appropriate authority before deciding to consider a complaint under subsection (1)(c). (6) Where the complainer makes a request as mentioned in subsection (4)(a), the Commissioner may, instead of deciding to consider the complaint under subsection (1)(c), treat the request as if it were a request mentioned in section 35(1)(a). (7) Nothing in this section affects the ability of the complainer or the appropriate authority to make a request in relation to a complaint under section 35(1). (8) In this section and section 40ZB, in relation to a complaint, Òthe complainerÓ means the person who made the complaint. 40ZB Report following CommissionerÕs consideration of complaint (1) On completion of the CommissionerÕs consideration of the complaint, the Commissioner mustÑ (a) inform the persons mentioned in subsection (2) aboutÑ (i) the conclusions the Commissioner has drawn from that consideration and the reasons for them, (ii) what action (if any) the Commissioner proposes to take in consequence of those conclusions, (iii) any recommendations in relation to the complaint that the Commissioner proposes to make to the appropriate authority as a result of the CommissionerÕs consideration of it, (b) draw up a report of the consideration of the complaint and the conclusions, reasons, proposed action and recommendations referred to in paragraph (a) and send it to the appropriate authority, and (c) if the Commissioner considers it appropriate to do so, publish the report drawn up under paragraph (b) in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (2) Those persons areÑ (a) the complainer, and (b) where the complaint is in respect of an act or omission by a person mentioned in section 34(2)(f) and identifies the person who is the subject of it, that person. (a) Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 17 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (3) Where the report includes recommendations in relation to the complaint, the appropriate authority must, within such period as is specified in the report, give the Commissioner a response in writing setting outÑ (a) details of what the authority has done, or proposes to do, in response to the recommendation, or (b) if the authority has not done, and does not intend to do, anything in response to the recommendation, the reasons for that. (4) The Commissioner must, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving the response, publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (5) But the CommissionerÑ (a) must withhold from publication any information in the response which would