they frequently delimit borders and hier- archies very similarly to how anthropologists traditionally conceived of and defined ethnographic practices: oppos- ing dealing with documents with "real" police work, characterized by street investigations and geared toward "actu- al crimes". As we know, the legitimacy and authority of anthropology, anchored in the mythic model of the malinowskian field- work, were founded on an opposition between "armchair anthropology", based on documentary research and con- sidered distant and uninteresting, and an anthropology emanating from fieldwork, understood to be capable of ap- prehending the "reality" of native life. Considering this analogy's potentialities, we note that if, on the one hand, our ethnographic accounts showed the central role of documentary artifacts in the everyday routine of police insti- tutions, even when their importance is downplayed by their artificers, on the other, they revealed the little-debated distance between certain idealized self-representations about anthropological research and the activities we effec- tively carry out while "doing" anthropology (cf. Pacheco de Oliveira, 2009). By following the trail of police papers and moving away from certain stereotypes about anthropology's knowledge practices and about the arti facts we ought to observe, handle and describe when carrying out fieldwork, both ac- counts made clear and were based on different analytical strategies. The first focused on the ethnographic descrip- tion of the art of "reducing to writing" in the Federal Police. The second focused on exploring the materiality and the enactments produced by police reports and other documentary artifacts related to "missing persons" cases in the Rio de Janeiro Civil Police. Both works paid special attention to the micro-politics of interactions between docu- menting agents and documented persons, also enabling reflections about the interaction between documenting agents and one of the researchers. By regarding documents as ethnographic artifacts, we were able to note that the resolution (or lack thereof ) of the cases investigated in the institutions where we carried out our researches depends not only on the action (or inac- tion) of their artificers, but also on different modes of delegating responsibilities to the documented persons. This is due to the fact that police officers believe they do not have much to do when faced with these cases other than producing papers, acknowledging the agency of persons technically defined as "trafficked" or "missing" over man- aging their own lives and bodies. Both analyses also revealed that this delegation of responsibilities guarantees to documented persons the possibility of actively intervening in the bureaucratic fate of administrative procedures and/or in the inscriptions of part of their lives in state documents. The diffusion of responsibility, which produces a kind of collective agency, as noted by Hull (2012b), or shared agency, as we suggest, occurs through paper ? something that was prominent throughout the accounts. The main difference is that, in "human trafficking" cases, the documented persons' agency takes on the form of resistance, while in "missing persons" cases, the agency takes place through a logic of subjection. We highlight that both pro- cesses are crucial to