Digital twins (a realistic representation of assets, processes, systems or institutions in the built, societal or natural environments) are increasingly recognised as important in many fields as they can provide insight into how complex physical assets and citizens behave in real time and can help organisations improve decision-making and optimising processes. An expanded programme to advance digital twin capability, with interoperable data standards, could help developers explore the potential for applications in the physical world but cheaper, faster and with less risk, as well as a better understanding of the implications and impacts to society and the economy. AI thrives when stitching digital twins together, using machine learning algorithms to analyse complex patterns and make decisions between different processes and systems alongside generating new insights with newly hybridised datasets. The National Digital Twin Programme, currently being driven by the Centre for Digital Built Britain, aims to create an Information Management Framework to enable the building of digital twins across the built environment. Building on this work, a more ambitious cross-sectoral UK Digital Twin programme, governed by the Gemini Principles28, would be a moonshot challenge and would encourage more widespread use of open synthetic data to develop AI applications in many specific potential applications where the risks to individuals or society might otherwise be large. AI could also use these digital twins to explore real world optimisations that are beyond human scale. In developing those AI applications and AI models and testing with synthetic data, there comes a point when you must begin to model and rehearse in the real world with messy, unpredictable and diverse environments. To achieve this in a safe way without causing inadvertent harm, the UK needs to create a nationwide network of living laboratories, physical environments that start as representations of the real world but more constrained. AI will provide the embedded intelligence within all manner of new smart machines, many with autonomous capabilities, that can work collaboratively with humans to transform their productivity, safety and quality of life. By enabling the fast and safe development, testing and demonstration of new AI-based goods and services, including distributed software systems and intelligence embodied in smart machines and products, businesses, researchers and citizens can gather the data and experience necessary to inform future policy, regulation, products and services. A globally leading role Finally, the UK should urgently and sustainably build upon its strong international position. It is one of the top three countries in terms of research publications in AI.29 This strength combined with the UKÕs diplomatic weight can be a catalyst to shape international discussions, but our leading international position is not guaranteed. We should therefore strengthen existing partnerships with other like-minded countries, such as France and Canada as well as consider carefully how to increase bilateral cooperation with countries like the US and China, such as through the recent declaration signed with the US to increase collaboration on AI R&D,30 to enable effective strategic action to shape a global AI landscape. One immediate way forward is