specified under sub-paragraph (5), or (b) if it appears to the court that the defaulter will live in more than one such area, whichever of the relevant youth offending teams the court decides. (a) 172 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Supervision requirements 3 (1) In this Schedule Òsupervision requirementÓ, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter attend appointments withÑ (a) the responsible officer (see paragraph 7), or (b) another person decided by the responsible officer, at whatever times and places the responsible officer instructs. (2) The appointments must be within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5). Activity requirements 4 (1) In this Schedule Òactivity requirementÓ, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter do any or all of the following within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5)Ñ (a) participate, on however many days are specified in the order, in activities at a place or places specified in it; (b) participate in an activity or activities specified in the order on however many days are specified in it; (c) participate in one or more residential exercises for a continuous period or periods comprising however many days are specified in the order; (d) in accordance with sub-paragraphs (8) to (10), engage in activities in accordance with instructions of the responsible officer on however many days are specified in the order. (2) The aggregate number of days specified in a supervision order in relation to an activity requirement must not be less than 12 or more than 24. (3) A requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(a) operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officer, on the number of days specified in the order in relation to the requirementÑ (a) to present himself or herself at a place specified in the order to a person of a description specified in it; (b) on each day, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place. (4) A requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(b) operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officer, on the number of days specified in the order in relation to the requirementÑ (a) to participate in an activity specified in the order; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE