insert local detail and circumstances into how co-operation is carried out. They are likely to be particularly relevant in relation to: 18 regulation 7(1) 19 regulations 7(4), 7(5) o information sharing agreements and co-operation generally between Category 1 and Category 2 responders, including multi-LRF based arrangements; 19 PAGE 14 o multi-agency emergency planning arrangements, including humanitarian support; o arrangements for co-operation with voluntary or third sector, armed forces and other responder organisations not listed in the Schedule to the Act; and o communications planning generally: • for managing the response to an emergency; and • communicating with the public. 2.23. Particular attention should be paid when developing protocols in one local resilience area to their development in neighbouring resilience areas and more widely. Organisations whose remit covers several resilience areas may find it difficult to engage with protocols from different areas which contain conflicting requirements. Recognition should also be given to national protocols. 2.24. Protocols may be used to strengthen the structure of Local Resilience Forums (LRFs), for example, to determine governance arrangements for the working of the Forum. 2.25. Protocols are permitted on a cross-boundary basis between local resilience areas, as well as on a cross-border basis between Category 1 and Category 2 responders in England and Scotland.20 2.26. As defined in regulations, protocols are likely to specify three aspects of the co-operation required: o its timing; o its form; and o contact details for the individuals involved.21 20 Protocols may of course be set up between England and Wales, but these are not addressed in regulations because the Act covers both England and Wales. 21 regulation 7(3) PAGE 15 Other matters can be included as local responders wish. An example of a standard model protocol will be made available on the National Resilience Extranet (NRE). Also available on the NRE are examples of best practice case studies. These can be found at https://www.resilience-extranet.gse.gov.uk/AtlasApps/Pages/Collaborate/ DocumentStore/DocumentStore.aspx?folderid=113699. They detail the areas where protocols have been introduced and the benefits derived from them. The lead responder principle 2.27. The main duties fall equally on all those Category 1 responders Òwhose functionsÓ (defined as their powers and duties) are likely to be seriously obstructed by an emergency or who would consider it necessary or desirable to take action to deal with the emergency through a special deployment of resources.22 There is a risk that Category 1 responders may duplicate each otherÕs work when, for example, carrying out their duty of risk assessment or providing warnings when an emergency occurs. 2.28. The problem is particularly acute in relation to communicating with the public. It would not be sensible for a number of Category 1 responders each to be arranging to publish the same, similar or, indeed, conflicting messages about risks and planning arrangements to the same members of the public. It would be confusing, too, if several organisations were maintaining arrangements, simultaneously to issue uncoordinated public warnings about an emergency. Gaps in the arrangements could also arise because no one organisation had taken an