a public space • Any organisation that wants to evidence its compliance with the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice 3. What is in it for me? • You will receive a certificate of compliance • You will be able to use the Surveillance Camera CommissionerÕs certification mark • You will be added to a list of certified organisations on the CommissionerÕs website • It proves you are Code compliant, meet certain standards and will increase public confidence in your scheme • 4. What are the different types of certification? • Step one Ð desk top certification • Step two Ð full third party audit 5. Who are the Certification Bodies? • Security Systems and Alarms Inspection Board (SSAIB) • National Security Inspectorate (NSI) • IQ Verify 6. How do I get started? • Complete the CommissionerÕs self assessment tool • Decide what type of certification you want • Submit the self assessment tool to one of the certification bodies • Have all relevant documents ready for inspection, if required 7. What documents do I need for Certification? • Code of Practice • Information sharing agreements • Details on the number of cameras the scheme has • Procedures manual • Data protection Impact assessment (DPIA) (if available) • Operation requirements (if available) 8. Where can I find out more? • Surveillance Camera Commissioner website • NSI website • SSAIB website • IQ Verify website Email - scc@sccommissioner.gov.uk Contact the Surveillance Camera Commissioner 2 Marsham Street 1st Floor, Peel London SW1P 4DF Email: scc@sccommissioner.gov.uk Twitter: @surcamcom Chapter 30: Authorisation of armed guards on UK registered ships Policy • The policy to allow the use of armed guards applies only in exceptional circumstances: - to ships transiting the area at risk of attack by pirates within the High Risk Area (HRA) which is bounded: in the Red Sea: northern limit: Latitude 15¡N; in the Gulf of Oman: Northern limit: Latitude 22¡N; Eastern limit: Longitude 065¡E; Southern limit: Latitude 5¡S; - when ÔBest Management PracticesÕ to deter piracy is being followed fully but, on its own, is not deemed by the shipping company and the shipÕs master as sufficient to protect against acts of piracy; AND - the use of armed guards is assessed to reduce the risk to the lives and wellbeing of those on board the ship. • The policy applies to internationally trading passenger ships and cargo ships of 500 gross tonnage and above. The policy only applies in relation to the protection of UK registered ships. • The assurance process for the authorisation of private maritime security companies is to ensure that as far as possible public safety is not endangered by the use of armed guards. • Private Maritime Security Companies (PMSCs) wishing to employ armed guards on board UK registered ships in these exceptional circumstances must be authorised to possess a range of firearms (which may include section 1 and section 2 weapons), including those requiring an authority from the Secretary of State for the Home Department under