(1) For each police area, other than the metropolitan police district, the Secretary of State F68... must by order designate a local authority. (2) In this Chapter, the Òappropriate officerÓ, [F69meansÑ (a) in relation to a police area in England, the head of paid service of the local authority designated for that police area; (b) in relation to a police area in Wales, the chief executive of the local authority designated for that police area.] (3) In this sectionÑ [F70Òchief executiveÓ means the person appointed by a county council or county borough council in Wales under section 54 of the Local Government and Elections (Wales) Act 2021;] Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) a district council, (b) a county council in England for a county in which there are no district councils, (c) the Council of the Isles of Scilly, (d) a county council or county borough council in Wales; Òhead of paid serviceÓ, in relation to a council [F71in England], means the person designated by the council under section 4(1)(a) of the Local Government Act 1989. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 73 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 76 Interpretation of Chapter 6 In this Chapter, the following terms have the following meanings, unless the context otherwise requiresÑ Òappropriate officerÓ has the meaning given by section 75; ÒelectorÓÑ (a) in relation to an election of a police and crime commissioner, means a person entitled to vote at the election; (b) in relation to a local government election, has the same meaning as in the Representation of the People Act 1983 (see section 202 of that Act); Òelectoral areaÓ has the same meaning as in that Act as it applies in relation to England and Wales (see section 203 of that Act); Òlocal government electionÓ has the same meaning as in that Act as it applies in relation to England and Wales (see section 203 of that Act); Òlocal government electorÓ means a person registered as a local government elector in the register of electors in accordance with the provisions of the Representation of the People Acts; Òordinary electionÓ has the meaning given in section 50; Òpolice area returning officerÓ has the meaning given by section 54. 74 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) CHAPTER 7 OTHER PROVISIONS RELATING TO POLICING AND CRIME AND DISORDER Requirement for national policing capabilities 77