effect.] [F20Appeals 46B Appeals against decisions of youth courts An appeal lies to the Crown Court against a decision of a youth court made under this Part. 38 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes On an appeal under this section the Crown Court may make— whatever orders are necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal; whatever incidental or consequential orders appear to it to be just. An order of the Crown Court made on an appeal under this section (other than one directing that an application be re-heard by a youth court) is to be treated for the purposes of section 42 as an order of a youth court.] Miscellaneous Guidance The Secretary of State must issue guidance relating to injunctions under this Part. The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under subsection (1). Before issuing or revising any guidance under this section the Secretary of State must consult the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales and such other persons as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate. The Secretary of State must lay any guidance issued or revised under this section before Parliament. The Secretary of State must publish any guidance issued or revised under this section. Each of the following must have regard to any guidance published under subsection (5) — a chief officer of police for a police area; the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; a local authority. Supplemental F21(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Rules of court may provide that an appeal from a decision F22... to which this subsection applies may be made without notice being given to the respondent. Subsection (2) [F23applies— to a decision under section 39(4)(a) that an application without notice be dismissed, and to a decision] to refuse to grant an interim injunction under section 41. [F24(4) In relation to a respondent attaining the age of 18 after the commencement of proceedings under this Part, rules of court may— provide for the transfer of the proceedings from a youth court to the High Court or the county court; Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 39 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to