you should contact the police on: 999. In the unlikely event that the suspect (pre-trial) or offender (following conviction) escapes from custody, the police will contact you. If it is assessed that the suspect or offender poses a significant risk of harm to you, they will take any necessary measures to ensure your on-going protection. If you are receiving unwanted contact from an offender in prison, you should contact Her MajestyÕs Prison and Probation Service Victim Helpline9 on: 0300 060 669910 or email: victim.helpline@justice.gov.uk If you receive unwanted contact from an offender who is on licence in the community, you can contact the police or if you have one, your Victim Liaison Officer. If the offender is under 18, you can also report any unwanted contact to the police, but if you know they are being supervised by a Youth Offending Team, you may wish to contact the team directly. Contact details for Youth Offending Teams are available at: www.gov.uk/government/collections/youth-offending-team-contact-details Information provided under this Code Service providers must include information about this Code on their websites. This information must also signpost victims to the relevant pages on: GOV.UK. Where required to share information under this Code, service providers must do so effectively and in accordance with their obligations under the Data Protection Act and General Data Protection Regulation 2018 and other relevant legislation. Where there is a high number of victims involved in a case, such as large-scale investment frauds with multiple investor victims, or in other exceptional cases, the service provider may communicate information11 that a victim has the Right to under this Code through alternative channels, such as their website, rather than contacting each victim individually. 9 Her MajestyÕs Prison and Probation Service must maintain a telephone helpline (the Victim Helpline) to ensure that victims have a number to ring if they receive unwanted contact from a prisoner. 10 Monday Ð Friday, 9.00am Ð 4.00pm. 11 This may include communication information under Rights 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9 and 11 of this Code. 1 Nothing in this Code requires a service provider to provide information to the victim where its disclosure: ? could result in harm to any person; ? could affect the proper handling of any criminal investigation or prosecution, or could otherwise prejudice any civil or criminal case, or parole proceedings; or ? would, in the service providerÕs view, be contrary to the interests of national security. What if I am contacted by the media? Generally, journalists can attend and report events that happen in court. Sometimes the media may take an interest in a case and approach you and/or your family for comment. There is no obligation to speak to them. However, you should be careful that you do not do anything to risk unfairly influencing the outcome of a court case and being in contempt of court.12 If you have any concerns or would like some advice, you can speak with the police or a victim support provider. Alternatively, you can contact the