shotgun certificate revocations - collected every year since 1992 firearm dealers - collected every year since 1995 visitorsÕ firearm and shotgun permits - collected every year since the year ending March 1995 the number of people who hold a firearm and or a shotgun by age and gender - collected every year since the year ending March 2016 firearm and shotgun weapon types held on certificates - collected every year since the year ending March 2016 lost and stolen firearms and shotguns - collected every year since the year ending March 2021 temporary firearm and shotgun permits - collected since the year ending March 2023 4.2 Data source The statistics on firearm and shotgun certificates are taken from the National Firearms Licensing Management System (NFLMS). The NFLMS is used to record the details of people who have applied for, been granted, refused or who have had their firearm or shotgun certificate revoked. NFLMS data is administrative information, input by individual police forces. As the data is taken from a live operational database, numbers may change as information on that system is updated. Data has been taken from the NFLMS each year since the year ending 31 March 2008. Prior to this, data was collected through statistics provided by each force. Gender is reported as provided by the applicant on the certificate application form. Options are ÔfemaleÕ and ÔmaleÕ; missing data is reported as ÔunknownÕ. 4.3 Quality assurance process These statistics are compiled by statisticians within the Home O?ce. Statisticians undertake a wide range of quality assurance checks on the data with each England and Wales police force. These checks follow the QAAD (Quality Assurance of Administrative Data) guidance and include: compiling the administrative data to highlight values within the dataset that vary greatly from the others (outliers) and possible errors variance checks, such as investigating substantial changes in figures compared with the previous year checking that the data makes sense and working with police forces to improve the quality if not making sure data quality and checks are explained to users and what e?ect these have on the statistics Following checks with police forces, data tables are compared by a second statistician against the checked data. The prepared text is also checked against the tables. Statisticians are responsible for checking that the commentary appropriately describes the trends seen in the data and is not biased. 4.4 Data quality The data quality for the total numbers of firearm and shotgun certificates is considered to be high. In addition to the checks outlined in the quality assurance process, these data undergo a reconciliation process and are examined closely as part of the performance monitoring of the Home O?ce. E?ects of COVID-19 A range of restrictions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic began on 12 March 2020, and the first UK ÔlockdownÕ measures were announced on 23 March 2020. Some figures presented for the year ending 31 March 2021 and year ending 31 March 2022 will have been a?ected by this, and therefore comparisons