the penalty offence, or penalty offences, to which the course relates. An educational course may be provided by any person who, and have any content that, the chief officer of police considers appropriate given its purpose. The Secretary of State may by regulations— provide that the fee mentioned in subsection (2)(b) may not be— less than an amount specified in the regulations, or more than an amount so specified; make provision for and in connection with the disclosure, for the purpose of running an educational course scheme, of relevant personal information between— a person who is involved in the provision of an educational course under the scheme, the chief officer of police who established the scheme, and any other person specified or described in the regulations; make provision about the use of relevant personal information for that purpose; place restrictions on the disclosure or use of relevant personal information. In subsection (5) “relevant personal information” means any information that relates to, and identifies, a person who has been given a penalty notice with an education option. In this section's application in relation to the Chief Constable of the British Transport Police Force, subsection (1) has effect as if the reference to one or more kinds of penalty offence committed in a chief officer of police's area were a reference to one or more kinds of penalty offence— committed at, or in relation to, any of the places mentioned in section 31(1)(a) to (f) of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003 (places where a constable of the British Transport Police Force has the powers of a constable), or 8 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 1 – On the Spot Penalties for Disorderly Behaviour Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes otherwise relating to a railway. In subsection (7) “railway” means— a railway within the meaning given by section 67(1) of the Transport and Works Act 1992 (interpretation), or a tramway within the meaning given by that section.] Amount of penalty and form of penalty notice The penalty payable in respect of a penalty offence is such amount as the Secretary of State may specify by order. F33(1A) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . But the Secretary of State may not specify an amount which is more than a quarter of the amount of the maximum fine for which a person is liable on [F34summary] conviction of the offence [F35plus a half of