Fire and rescue services The role of fire and rescue services in an emergency or major incident is to rescue those trapped by fire, wreckage or debris. They may also support recovering deceased persons and human remains. Fire and rescue services have an urban search and rescue (USAR) capability. They can assist in recovering deceased and human remains from constricted sites, collapsed buildings or from the wreckage or transport incidents. USAR is a functional support sector for fire and rescue services. USAR respond to incidents involving unstable and collapsed structures resulting from deliberate or accidental causes. They search, detect, locate and rescue trapped casualties and support the recovery of the deceased. This includes working in environments that are difficult to access such as underground, in restricted spaces or at heights. They also respond to serious transportation incidents involving trains, trams and aircraft. In these challenging environments, USAR teams have various specialised methods and an array of equipment allowing them to conduct: technical searches breaking and breaching lifting and moving propping and shoring to stabilise structures and prevent further collapse The National Fire Chiefs Council and the National Police Chiefs’ Council have a memorandum of understanding to support policing in mass fatality incidents. See: Joint Working Principles for Urban Search and Rescue Support to Police in Disaster Victim Identification (NFCC, NPCC and College of Policing, 2017) Ambulance Hazardous Area Response Team (HART) Hazardous area response teams are specifically recruited and trained personnel, equipped to provide the ambulance response to high-risk environments and complex emergency situations. HARTs are based in each NHS Trust in England and Wales, providing cover across the whole of each country. In some cases, they may work together on specific, large scale or high-profile incidents, either accidental or deliberately caused. HARTs work alongside the police and fire and rescue services within the inner cordon (or ‘hot zone’) of a major incident. The job of the HART is to triage and treat casualties and to help save lives in very difficult circumstances. They are also there to look after other emergency personnel who may become injured while attending these difficult and challenging incidents. The primary areas of ambulance service responsibility at a major incident are to: save life together with the other emergency services provide treatment, stabilisation and care of casualties at the scene provide appropriate transport, medical staff, equipment and resources establish an effective triage sieve and sort system, prioritising the needs and evacuation requirements of the injured and establish a safe location for casualty clearing provide a focal point at the incident for all National Health Service (NHS) and other medical resources nominate and alert receiving hospitals for the injured and inform other agencies arrange the most appropriate means of transporting the injured to hospitals conduct the termination of death and verification of death National interagency liaison officers (NILOs) National interagency liaison officers (NILOs) are security vetted, trained and identifiable emergency responders from the fire and rescue service, ambulance service, HM Coastguard, military and police. They may