a live link direction, the person attends a hearing through a live link. 206B Live links: supplementary The appropriate judge may rescind a live link direction at any time before or during a hearing to which it relates. The appropriate judge must not give a live link direction or rescind such a direction unless the parties to the proceedings have been given the opportunity to make representations. If a hearing takes place in relation to the giving or rescinding of a live link direction, the appropriate judge may require or permit any party to the proceedings who wishes to make representations to do so through a live link. If in a case where an appropriate judge has power to give a live link direction but decides not to do so, the appropriate judge must— state in open court the reasons for not doing so, and cause those reasons to be entered in the register of proceedings. Subsection (7) applies if— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 107 an application for a live link direction is made under section 206A(4) in relation to a qualifying hearing but the application is refused, or a live link direction is given in relation to a qualifying hearing but the direction is rescinded before the hearing takes place. A hearing is a qualifying hearing— in relation to proceedings under Part 1, if it is a hearing by virtue of which section 4(3) would be complied with; in relation to proceedings under Part 2, if it is a hearing by virtue of which section 72(3) or 74(3) would be complied with. The requirement in section 4(3), 72(3) or 74(3) (as the case requires) to bring the person as soon as practicable before the appropriate judge is to be read as a requirement to bring the person before that judge as soon as practicable after the application is refused or the direction is rescinded. 206C Live links: interpretation This section applies for the purposes of section 206A and subsections (2) and (3) also apply for the purposes of section 206B. In relation to proceedings under Part 1, section 67 applies for determining the appropriate judge. In relation to proceedings under Part 2, section 139 applies for determining the appropriate judge. A person is affected by an extradition claim if— a Part 1 warrant is issued in respect of the person; the person is arrested under section 5; a request for the person's extradition is made; or a warrant under section 73 is issued in respect of