are not intended to be used to establish direct monitoring by the Government as a standard procedure. They will be used in exceptional circumstances. Details of mechanisms and tools to develop responder performance and compliance with the act can be found in Chapter 13. 27 s. 7 28 s. 9 29 s. 10 Other statutory regimes in the field of civil protection 12.50. A particular set of risks is excluded from consideration under the legislation.30 These risks are subject to the Control of Major Accident Hazards (COMAH) Regulations 1999, the Pipelines Safety Regulations 1996 or the Radiation (Emergency Preparedness and Public Information) Regulations 2001 and their Northern Ireland counterparts. Category 1 responders are not required to exercise their duties under the Act and Regulations in relation to emergencies which are covered by these provisions. 12.51. However, Category 1 responders may use the Act regime to support or supplement these separate regimes where they consider this appropriate. For example, if Category 1 responders wish to include COMAH risks in the Community Risk Register, this is acceptable. They can also make information requests under the Regulations to support the COMAH duties, if they wish. 12.52. One disadvantage of a separation between the two regimes, the one supported by the Act, the other by the Health and Safety Executive, is addressed by the inclusion of the Health and Safety Executive in Schedule 1 as a Category 2 responder. Further guidance on this can be found in Chapter 19, The CCA and the fit with other legislation, which looks at how key duties under the CCA link with those contained in other site specific legislation. How the Act and the Regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland 12.53. Chapters 10, 11 and 12 detail how the Act and the Regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. In addition, each of the chapters dealing with how the duties under the Act are to be performed contains information about how 30 regulation 12 that particular duty is to be performed in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Note that the Regulations and this guidance do not apply to those responders in Scotland who are within devolved competence. 31 Integrated emergency management and the Act Integrated emergency management Emergency Preparedness Emergency Response and Recovery Anticipation Ã Assessment Ã Prevention Ã Preparation Ã Response Ã Recovery management Ã 12.54. Civil protection arrangements need to be integrated both within and between Category 1 and 2 responders. They should also be conducted according to a practical doctrine beginning with anticipation and assessment of risk and concluding with effective response and recovery arrangements. 12.55. The Act focuses on emergency preparedness but its requirements should be seen in the context of integrated emergency management (IEM). 31 The Regulations and this guidance apply to those responders listed in Parts 1 and 3 of Schedule 1 to the Act. These responders are referred to in the Regulations as ÒGeneral respondersÓ but for ease of reference they are referred to in this guidance as