provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 243 14 (1) A transfer scheme may provide, in the case of a person who is seconded to the new policing body, that the secondment is to have effect as a secondment toÑ (a) the civilian staff of the police force, or (b) a local authority. (2) The scheme may make provision as to the terms and conditions which are to have effect as the terms and conditions of the person's secondment. 15 (1) A transfer scheme may provide for the transfer to the chief officer of the rights, powers, duties and liabilities of the employer under or in connection with the contract of employment of a person who becomes a member of the civilian staff of the police force. (2) A transfer scheme may provide for the transfer to a local authority of the rights, powers, duties and liabilities of the employer under or in connection with the contract of employment of a person who becomes a member of the staff of that local authority. (3) A transfer scheme may make provisionÑ (a) for periods before a person became a member of the civilian staff of the police force to count as periods of employment with the chief officer, and (b) for periods before a person became a member of the civilian staff of the police force, and the periods after the person became a member of the civilian staff of the police force, to count as a period of continuous employment. (4) A transfer scheme may make provisionÑ (a) for periods before a person became a member of the staff of a local authority to count as periods of employment with that local authority, and (b) for periods before a person became a member of the staff of a local authority, and the period after the person became a member of the staff of the local authority, to count as a period of continuous employment. 16 (1) A transfer scheme may provide for a person whoÑ (a) is employed by the new policing body, and (b) would otherwise, by the operation of the scheme, becomeÑ (i) a member of the civilian staff of the police force, or (ii) a member of staff of a local authority, (i) 244 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) not to become such a member of staff if the person gives notice objecting to the operation of the scheme in relation to the person. (2) A person who would (but for this sub-paragraph) be