which the child is expected to arrive in the UK and the date you have chosen to begin your Adoption Leave. Within 28 days of receiving notification Form M3 of your intended period of Adoption Leave, we will write to you, confirming how much Statutory Adoption Pay you will get, when it will start and when it will stop. Should you not be eligible, we will provide you with a Form SAP1 within 7 days confirming as to why you are not eligible. 3.5 Surrogacy arrangements If you use a surrogate to have a baby, you must notify us of the due date and when you wish to start your leave at least 15 weeks before the expected week of birth of your child. This must be provided in writing. You will also be required to provide a written statement (Ôstatutory declarationÕ) to confirm youÕve applied or will apply for a parental order in the 6 months after the childÕs birth. 3.6 Annual Leave Annual leave will continue to accrue during your adoption leave period. It is advisable that any outstanding annual leave is taken prior to commencing adoption leave or prior to your return to work. 3.7 Bank/Public Holidays During your adoption leave period you will accrue a leave entitlement for any Bank/Public Holidays that fall within this period. 3.8 Adoption Ð Pay OCCUPATIONAL If you have completed 63 weeks continuous service before the date of adoption: You have the option of: 26 weeks full pay (adoption pay), followed by 21 weeks SMP only, with the remaining maternity leave as unpaid. Or 31 weeks Ð 21 Weeks full pay (adoption pay) followed by 10 Weeks Half Pay plus Half SMP (for weeks 22 to 31) STATUTORY If you have over 26 weekÕs continuous service at the 15th week before the date of adoption but less than 63 weeks. 6 weeks at 90% of your average weekly earnings and: 33 weeks will be paid at the standard rate of SMP or 90% of average weekly earnings, whichever is the lesser. STATUTORY If you have less than 26 weeks continuous service at the 15th week before the date of adoption. You will not be eligible for Statutory Adoption Pay but may still qualify for adoption leave. Adoption leave You can start your adoption leave from the date of the childÕs placement or from a fixed date which can be up to 14 days before the expected week of placement. 3.9 Adoption Ð Maintaining Contact It is important that while you are on adoption leave you do not lose contact with your department/division. Your line manager should take responsibility for maintaining contact with you while you are absent. Prior to commencement of adoption leave, you and your line manager should agree the frequency and method of contact. 3.10 Keeping in Touch Days Keeping in Touch days have been introduced as a way to ease the return to work following a period of Adoption Leave. You can work up to and including 10