for PUBPOL 2301: Introduction to Policy Analysis. Lilia Mitra Ô26, Advocacy Director Lilia is a junior studying Health Care Policy in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst in the Healthcare Center and now serves as Advocacy Director. LiliaÕs policy interests include eliminating health disparities, protecting access to reproductive care, and improving public education. Outside of CPG, Lilia is a member of Phi Delta Epsilon and Tri Delta and works as an LSC organic chemistry tutor. Grace Chen Ô24, New Member Educator Grace is a senior, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in Fall 2021 as an analyst for the Economic Center and has previously served as the Economic Center Director and the Co-President. GraceÕs policy interests lie within the economic analysis of social welfare programs, policing and racial discrimination, and education. Outside of CPG, Grace is in Social Business Consulting, Asian American InterVarsity, and is a pre-doctorate fellow for Professor Daniela Scur in Dyson. She also loves to dance, bake, and blog. Sahithi Jammulamadaka Ô25, New Member Educator Sahithi is a senior, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG as an analyst for the Economic Center in Spring 2022. She previously served as Assistant Center Director for the Economics Center before her current role as one of the New Member Educators. Her policy interests lie in education and housing policy, specifically in researching creative financing opportunities in those fields. Outside of CPG Sahithi is in International Business Consulting, Cornell Undergraduate Economic Review, a teaching assistant for both PUBPOL 2301 and INFO 1200, and a member of a dance team. Franklin Zheng Ô25, Senior Advisor Franklin is a senior studying Information Science with minors in International Relations and German Studies. He joined CPG in Fall 2021 as an analyst in the Center for Environmental and Technology Policy and served as the Editor-in-Chief from 2022 to 2024. Outside of CPG, Franklin conducts research on global police force violence in the Gender and Security Sector Lab and works on artificial intelligence integration in the open-source intelligence cycle at USCENTCOM. FALL 2024 EDITORS Henry Han Ô26, Editor-in-Chief Henry is a junior, majoring in Industrial and Labor Relations at the ILR School. He joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Center of Environmental and Technology Policy and now serves as the Editor-in-Chief after previously serving as Assistant Center Director of Environmental and Technology Policy. Henry is interested in labor, electoral, and agriculture policies, pursuing these interests as a research fellow with the Worker Institute on the Labor Action Tracker and serving as Junior Representation on the ILR Student Government Association. Henry is also the Director of Publications for the Scheinman Conflict Resolution Club. Rachel Baron Ô27, Associate Editor Rachel is a junior studying Government, with a minor in International Relations. She has been with CPGÕs Domestic Center since Fall 2023, and now serves as