in the case of a number of days, to sub-paragraph (2)). (12) A court may only include an activity requirement in a supervision order or vary such a requirement under sub-paragraph (11) ifÑ (a) it has consulted the youth offending team which is to be, or is, specified in the order, (b) it is satisfied that it is feasible to secure compliance with the requirement or requirement as varied, (c) it is satisfied that provision for the defaulter to participate in the activities proposed can be made under the arrangements for persons to participate in such activities which exist in the area of the youth offending team which is to be or is specified in the order, and (d) in a case where the requirement or requirement as varied would involve the co- operation of a person other than the defaulter and the responsible officer, that person consents to its inclusion or variation. (13) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (9) ÒguardianÓ has the same meaning as in the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (subject to sub-paragraph (14)). 67 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing (14) If a local authority has parental responsibility for a defaulter who is in its care or provided with accommodation by it in the exercise of any social services functions, the reference to ÒguardianÓ in sub-paragraph (9) is to be read as a reference to that authority. (15) In sub-paragraph (14)Ñ (a) Òparental responsibilityÓ has the same meaning as it has in the Children Act 1989 by virtue of section 3 of that Act; (b) Òsocial services functionsÓ has the same meaning as it has in the Local Authority Social Services Act 1970 by virtue of section 1A of that Act. Curfew requirements 5 (1) In this Schedule, Òcurfew requirementÓ, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter remain, for periods specified in the order, at a place so specified. (2) A supervision order imposing a curfew requirement may specify different places or different periods for different days. (3) The periods specified under sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) must be within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5); (b) may not amount to less than two or more than eight hours in any day. (4) Before specifying a place under sub-paragraph (1) in a supervision order, the court making the order must obtain and consider information about the place proposed to be specified in the order (including information as to the attitude of persons likely to be affected by the enforced presence there of the defaulter). (5) Where a supervision order contains a curfew requirement, the appropriate court may, on the application of the injunction applicant or the defaulter amend the order byÑ (a) substituting new periods for the periods specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (3)); or (b) substituting a new place for the place specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (4)). Electronic