o section 3 (unauthorised acts with intent to impair, or with recklessness as to impairing the operation of computers etc); o section 3ZA (unauthorised acts causing, or creating risk of, serious damage to human welfare etc); o section 3A (making, supplying or obtaining articles for use in an offence under sections 1, 3 or 3ZA). 2 The provisions that will extend SCPOs to Scotland are expected to be commenced later in 2015. Further information will be circulated by the Scottish Government in due course. 24. For England and Wales only. Offences under the following provisions of the Firearms Act 1968. Note that offences relating to arms trafficking are already SCPO indicative offences. o section 1(1) (possession etc of firearms or ammunition without o certificate); o section 2(1) (possession etc of shot gun without certificate); o sections 5(1), (1A) or (2A) (possession, manufacture etc of prohibited weapons). 25. For Northern Ireland only. An offence under any of the following provisions of the Firearms (Northern Ireland) Order 2004 (S.I. 2004/702 (N.I. 3)). Note that offences relating to arms trafficking are already SCPO indicative offences. o Article 3 (possession etc of firearms or ammunition without certificate); o Article 45 (possession, manufacture etc of prohibited weapons). Section 48: Making a new SCPO when a person has been convicted of breaching an existing order 26. Section 48 of the 2015 Act made provision for an existing SCPO to be replaced in the event of a conviction for the offence of breaching an SCPO. Breach of an SCPO is a potential indicator of continued involvement in serious crime, but previously the Crown Court did not have the power to impose a new order following a conviction for the breach offence (although a new order could be made following conviction for another serious offence under section 19 of the 2007 Act). The prosecutor would need to make the application to the court upon conviction as with a normal application for an SCPO. Section 49: Extending an SCPO when a person has been charged 27. If a person currently subject to a SCPO has been charged with a serious offence or the breach offence and the order is about to run out, section 49 of the 2015 Act allows the order to be kept in place until the criminal proceedings have been concluded. In England and Wales or Northern Ireland the prosecutor would need to make an application to the Crown Court for an extension of the duration of the order once the charging decision has been made. As with any other SCPO application, the prosecutor needs to demonstrate to the court that the subject is continuing to be involved in serious crime. 28. This power is of particular relevance if the subject of the SCPO has only been charged with the breach offence and the investigator is planning to obtain a replacement order under the new power described above (section 48). 1. Section 50: Consolidation of the Financial Reporting Order into the SCPO 29. As a result