two stages comprising a local resolution stage and, if necessary, review by the national Appeals and Review Unit. The national guidance on the police VRR is being refreshed and an updated copy will be published later this year. Details can also be found on individual force websites. Further guidance on the CPS VRR is available in the Victims Right to Review scheme and the Victims’ Right to Review Policy and Guidance 2020. In addition, CPS, alongside other organisations, have obligations under the Victims’ Code. Domestic Abuse Best Practice Framework for Courts The CPS, together with the police and Her Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service (HMCTS) are leading efforts to implement a best practice framework for use across all magistrates’ courts. The framework has been developed by identifying common components from high performing courts and aims to improve the capacity and capability of the criminal justice system to respond effectively to reports of domestic abuse offending. The framework also serves to provide a level of service to victims, which increases their safety and satisfaction in the criminal justice system. The framework has identified common components including: A clear multi-agency/community approach which addresses risk management and safeguarding procedures. Multi-agency fora enable participating agencies to discuss the handling of domestic abuse cases ensuring all information is provided in a timely, safe and efficient manner and the correct support is put in place for the victim. Agencies should scrutinise their local data and put in place mitigating actions to address any emerging issues; Independent Domestic Violence Advisor (IDVA) support ensures victims are informed at each stage of the prosecution process, working with prosecutors to support the victim; Trained, consistently deployed staff across all agencies (including judges); and In court services - proactive witness services/pre-trial familiarisation visits/appropriate use of special measures. As part of this, in some areas, they have considered fast tracking or expedited trial systems. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Following the testing of the Domestic Abuse Best Practice Framework (DA BPF) in three test sites, all sites improved their performance in respect of managing domestic abuse cases, moving from being low performing areas to being in line with or above national average domestic abuse performance. The framework was rolled out in the magistrates’ courts in January 2019. Regions all have strategic and operational groups, including Local Criminal Justice Boards, which should drive forward adoption of the DA BPF in each local area. They are being supported by a national implementation group – membership of which includes representatives from HMCTS, Police, CPS, Victim Support, and specialist domestic abuse support services. Prison and Probation The role of Her Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service (HMPPS) is to supervise sentences given by the Courts either in custody or in the community, supporting people to complete them successfully or taking enforcement action where they are not complying. This includes tackling domestic abuse as part of HMPPS’ wider role of protecting the public and reducing reoffending. HMPPS works closely with a variety of other agencies, to manage