officer is a customs officer, a customs officer of a higher grade than the examining officer. (7) In this paragraphÑ Òintimate searchÓ means a search which consists of a physical examination of a person's body orifices other than the mouth; Òstrip searchÓ means a search which is not an intimate search but involves the removal of an article of clothing whichÑ (a) is being worn wholly or partly on the trunk, and (b) is being so worn either next to the skin or next to an article of underwear.Ó Power to make and retain copies 4 In Schedule 7 to the Terrorism Act 2000, after paragraph 11 there is insertedÑ ÒPower to make and retain copies 11A (1) This paragraph applies where the examining officer is a constable. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Port and border controls Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 231 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The examining officer may copy anything whichÑ (a) is given to the examining officer in accordance with paragraph 5, (b) is searched or found on a search under paragraph 8, or (c) is examined under paragraph 9. (3) The copy may be retainedÑ (a) for so long as is necessary for the purpose of determining whether a person falls within section 40(1)(b), (b) while the examining officer believes that it may be needed for use as evidence in criminal proceedings, or (c) while the examining officer believes that it may be needed in connection with a decision by the Secretary of State whether to make a deportation order under the Immigration Act 1971.Ó Right of person detained under Schedule 7 to have someone informed and to consult a solicitor 5 (1) Schedule 8 to the Terrorism Act 2000 is amended as follows. (2) In paragraph 1(5) (definition of examining officer) for ÒparagraphÓ there is substituted Ò Schedule Ó. (3) In paragraph 2(2)(d), the words Ò(within the meaning of that Schedule)Ó are omitted. (4) In paragraph 6, for Òpolice stationÓ, in each place, there is substituted Ò place Ó. (5) In paragraph 7(1) the words Òat a police stationÓ are omitted. (6) After paragraph 7 there is insertedÑ Ò7A (1) This paragraph applies where a person detained under Schedule 7 requests to consult a solicitor. (2) The examining officer may not question the detained person under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7 until the person has consulted a solicitor (or no longer wishes to do so). (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not apply if the examining officer reasonably believes that postponing the questioning until then would be