draft, consider any representations made about the draft, if the Department of Justice thinks appropriate, modify the draft in the light of any such representations. The Department of Justice must lay a draft of the code before the Northern Ireland Assembly. When the Department of Justice has laid a draft of the code before the Assembly the Department of Justice may bring it into operation by order. Section 41(3) of the Interpretation Act (Northern Ireland) 1954 applies for the purposes of subsection (4) in relation to the laying of a draft as it applies in relation to the laying of a statutory document under an enactment. The Department of Justice may revise the whole or any part of the code and issue the code as revised; and subsections (3) to (6) apply to such a revised code as they apply to the original code. A failure by a person to comply with a provision of the code does not of itself make the person liable to criminal or civil proceedings. The code is admissible in evidence in criminal or civil proceedings and is to be taken into account by a court or tribunal in any case in which it appears to the court or tribunal to be relevant.”] Omit section 194 (seizure). In section 217 (powers of court and receiver)— in subsection (1) after paragraph (b) insert— “(c) the powers conferred on appropriate officers by sections 195C to 195L; (d) the powers conferred on senior officers by section 195G.” at the end of the heading insert “ etc ”. [F41(5) In section 459 (orders and regulations)— in subsection (7A) after “section” (the second time it appears) insert “195T(5),”, in subsection (7B) after “section” insert “195T(5),] Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 77 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Power to sell seized personal property: England and Wales The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) is amended as follows. After section 67 insert— “67A Seized personal property This section applies to personal property which is held by a person and which— has been seized by an appropriate officer under a relevant seizure power, or has been produced to an appropriate officer in compliance with a production order under section 345. This section applies if the following conditions are satisfied— a confiscation order is made against the person by whom the property is held; a receiver has not been appointed under section 50 in relation to the property; any period allowed under section 11 for payment of the amount ordered to be paid under