authority, is the police and crime panel for the police area which covers that authority. (4) The expressions Òelected mayorÓ and Òmayor and cabinet executiveÓ have the same meanings as in Part 2 of the Local Government Act 2000. Application of other legislation 36 (1) The Secretary of State may, by regulationsÑ (a) amend or otherwise modify any local authority enactment in its application to police and crime panels or members of police and crime panels, and (b) apply any local authority enactment (with or without modifications) to police and crime panels or members of police and crime panels if, or to the extent that, it does not so apply. (2) In this paragraph Òlocal authority enactmentÓ means an enactment which relates toÑ (a) local authorities or committees or joint committees of local authorities, or (b) members of such authorities, committees or joint committees. Regulations about notifications 37 The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision about notifications to be given by persons in relation toÑ (a) their compliance, or failure to comply, with any duty imposed under this Schedule; or (b) their exercise, or failure to exercise, any power conferred under this Schedule. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 195 Regulations about making nominations 38 (1) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision aboutÑ (a) the making of nominations (including provision about when nominations lapse); (b) the notification of nominations (whether to the nominee or any other person); and (c) the acceptance and refusal of nominations (including provision about when nominations are to be treated as having been accepted or refused). (2) In this paragraph ÒnominationÓ means a nomination by a relevant local authority or the Secretary of State of a person to be a member of a police and crime panel. Regulations about making appointments 39 (1) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision aboutÑ (a) the making of appointments; (b) the notification of appointments (whether to the appointee or any other person); and (c) the termination of appointments (including provision about when appointments are to be treated as having been terminated). (2) In this paragraph ÒappointmentÓ meansÑ (a) the appointment by a relevant local authority or the Secretary of State of a person as a member of a police and crime panel, and (b) the co-option by a police and crime panel of a person to be a member of the panel. Regulations about modification etc of functions 40 (1) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision for modifying, suspending, transferring or removing relevant functions insofar as they are exercisable in relation to police and crime panels in respect of which the Secretary of State is, or has been, required