agenda-setting powers via the automatic placement of bills on the agenda, and mandates a supermajority’s approval to implement rules changes. Case studies of the 20th- century House of Representatives and Taiwan’s Legislative Yuan showcase the potential of this policy to bolster legislative productivity and promote bipartisanship.17,18,19,22,23 Implementation The primary weakness of this proposal is its requirement for self-realization: actors outside of House leadership will need to incentivize leadership to cede their powers. The most likely impetus for such change is a continuation of current trends in which the House is gridlocked by the unproductive relationship between fringe minorities and helpless leadership, and the only solution is for leadership to free itself of its agenda-setting responsibilities. This phenomenon occurred in the previously mentioned Taiwanese Yuan, where their reforms were the byproduct of frustrations over legislative inefficiencies.22 Referring back to the 20th- century House of Representatives case study, progressive Republicans were able to decentralize the House by collaborating with Democrats to strip the Speaker of their power.17 It is necessary to gain support from the opposition party, as those in the majority who voted for the leadership team are less likely to strip power from their preferred candidates. The modern equivalent to these irate progressive Republicans would be the Freedom Caucus, suggesting they could instigate similar changes. However, the differentiating factor between these two groups is that the Freedom Caucus seeks to reshape leadership in its image as opposed to the progressive Republicans’ desire to decentralize power.17,26 Additionally, the Freedom Caucus is averse to collaborating with Republicans, let alone Democrats; this reluctance to cooperate promoted the caucus’ ouster of Speaker McCarthy.27 As established earlier, collaboration with the opposing party is a necessary condition for this policy’s implementation. One possible incentive for this rules package could be voter backlash to congressional dysfunction. Polling by Gallup shows decreases in congressional approval ratings amid Kevin McCarthy’s ouster (October 2023) and during Marjorie Taylor Greene’s ouster attempt (May 2023).28 Voters’ negative perceptions of the institution are correlated with when fringe factions prevent leadership from putting forward bipartisan bills.28 If one of these transgressions were near an election, especially one with close races, it could sway voters to reject the party in power. The opposing political party would likely highlight congressional inefficiency and provide an impetus for the majority party to maintain order within the House. Considering all these factors, it will be extremely difficult to implement this policy under current political conditions due to institutional resistance. There also appear to be no outside organizations currently focusing on this issue; instead, they are advocating for their policy preferences under the existing legislative framework. As such, the most likely source of change is from within the House. If a new group such as the progressive Republicans of the 20th-century forms, leadership could be pressured to enact these much- needed reforms. Works Cited Quorum Analytics. “115th Congress First Session in Review: Legislative Activity and Trends in Dialogue.” Accessed November 13, 2024. https://quorum- media.s3.amazonaws.com/media/bl og/115thCongressFirstSessionRevie w_Quorum.pdf. Congress.gov. “H.R.5863 – 118th