together with the Welsh Government to address large-scale civil protection issues in Wales. The Wales Resilience Forum (WRF) promotes good communication and the enhancement of emergency planning across agencies and services in Wales by pro- viding a forum for Chief Officers to discuss with Welsh Ministers strategic issues of emergency preparedness. The WRF is not a statutory body nor does it have powers to direct its members, Local Resilience Forums or individual Category 1 or 2 responders as defined under the Act. The WRF provides collective strategic direction to the Wales Capabilities Programme and individual member leadership to the various capabilities sub-groups co-ordinated through a Wales Resilience Partnership Team (paragraphs 11.20Ð11.32). • WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 11.1. The duties in Part 1 of the Act apply in the same way in Wales as they do in England. Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales are subject to the Regulations and guidance made by a Minister of the Crown after liaison with the Welsh Ministers. The Welsh Government has a statutory role to play in the introduction of regulations and guidance which relate wholly or partly to Wales. When a Minister of the Crown issues a risk assessment to a Category 1 responder exercising functions in Wales, the Regulations require the Minister of the Crown to consult Welsh Ministers. 11.2. In addition, there are some differences in the requirements which the Regulations place on Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales because of the unique administrative arrangements in Wales. Co-operation 11.3. As in England, the principal mechanism for co-operation between Category 1 and 2 responders under the Act is the Local Resilience Forums (LRFs). Each LRF considers its own membership and subgroup structures. Risk assessment 11.4. In Wales, the detailed risk assessment process is undertaken at the LRF level where Community Risk Registers (CRR) are produced and maintained in the same way as in England. To support this work the Wales Risk Assessment Group (WRAG) brings together the Chairs of the LRF Risk Assessment Groups to facilitate the sharing of best practice and consistency of approach across the four Groups. The WRAG produces a Wales Risk Register on an annual basis which provides a summary of 11.1. the risks in Wales and which is based on information from the Community Risk Registers and the National Risk Register. 1 11.5. The Regulations under the Act allow the UK Government to issue risk assessments to Category 1 responders. This information is disseminated, via the Welsh Government to Category 1 responders in Wales. The Welsh Government is then able to issue risk assessments in Wales where it is appropriate for it to do so, subject to the consent of the UK Government.2 The role of the Welsh Government 11.6. The UK Government and the Welsh Government work together on the development of civil protection policy. Both parties consult with each other and exchange information on civil protection planning and response in a timely and constructive manner. The UK Government consults the