end of Document for details) View outstanding changes if the person is barred from such activity, such details as are prescribed of the circumstances in which the person became barred; whether the Independent Safeguarding Authority is considering whether to include the person in a barred list in pursuance of paragraph 3, 5, 9 or 11 of Schedule 3 to the Safeguarding Vulnerable Groups Act 2006; whether the person is subject to a direction under section 167A of the Education Act 2002 (prohibition on participation in management of independent school). (3B) Subsection (3C) applies if— the Secretary of State receives an application for registration, and it appears to the Secretary of State that the registration is likely to make it possible for information to become available to an individual who the Independent Safeguarding Authority is considering whether to include in a barred list as mentioned in subsection (3A)(c). (3C) The Secretary of State may postpone consideration of the application until the Authority has decided whether to include the individual in the barred list. (3D) Expressions used in subsections (3A) to (3C) and in the Safeguarding Vulnerable Groups Act 2006 have the same meaning in those subsections as in that Act, except that “prescribed” must be construed in accordance with section 125 of this Act.” After subsection (6) insert— “(7) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument amend subsection (3A) for the purpose of altering the information specified in that subsection. (8) Such an order is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” Criminal records: applications Before section 126 of the Police Act 1997 (c. 50) insert— “125B Form of applications The Secretary of State may determine the form, manner and contents of an application for the purposes of any provision of this Part. A determination may, in particular, impose requirements about the form or manner in which an electronic application is to be signed or countersigned.” In the following provisions of that Act omit “in the prescribed manner and form”— section 112(1)(a) (criminal conviction certificates), section 113A(1)(a) (criminal record certificates), Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 8 – Miscellaneous Chapter 2 – Other Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 129 section 113B(1)(a) (enhanced criminal record certificates). In the following provisions of that Act omit “in the prescribed form”— section 114(1)(a) (criminal record certificates: Crown employment), section 116(1)(a) (enhanced criminal record certificates: judicial appointments and Crown employment). Chapter 2 Other Border controls General information powers in relation to persons entering or leaving the UK After section 157 of the Customs