public place. (6) A constable may use reasonable force, if necessary, for the purpose of exercising a power conferred by this section. (7) The powers conferred on a constable by this section are additional to powers which the constable has at common law or by virtue of any other enactment and does not affect those powers. 342F Retention and disposal of things seized under section 342E (1) Any thing seized by a constable under section 342E may be retained in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State under this section. (2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provisionÑ (a) regulating the retention and safekeeping of things seized by a constable under section 342E, and (b) regulating the disposal and destruction of such things in such circumstances as the regulations may prescribed. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 185 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) Regulations under this section are subject to the negative resolution procedure. 342G Offences relating to a serious violence reduction order (1) Where a serious violence reduction order is in effect, the offender commits an offence if the offenderÑ (a) fails without reasonable excuse to do anything the offender is required to do by the order, (b) without reasonable excuse does anything the offender is prohibited from doing by the order, (c) notifies to the police, in purported compliance with the order, any information which the offender knows to be false, (d) tells a constable that they are not subject to a serious violence reduction order, or (e) intentionally obstructs a constable in the exercise of any power conferred by section 342E. (2) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months, or a fine, or both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years, or a fine, or both. (3) In relation to an offence committed before the coming into force of paragraph 24(2) of Schedule 22 (maximum sentence that may be imposed on summary conviction of offence triable either way) the reference in subsection (2)(a) to 12 months is to be read as a reference to 6 months. (4) If a person is convicted of an offence under this section, an order for conditional discharge under section 80 is not available to the court by or before which the person is convicted. 342H Variation, renewal or discharge of serious violence