[F60(8A) In the application of this Part to Northern Ireland, references to the Secretary of State are to be read as references to the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland.] In the application of this Part to Northern Ireland, references to the local authority in relation to— any premises, a closure notice relating to any premises, or a closure order relating to any premises, are references to the council for the district in which the premises are situated. In the application of this Part to Northern Ireland, the reference in section 136B(7)(a) to the area is to be read as a reference to the district. “The owner”, in relation to premises, means— a person who, whether alone or jointly with another person, is for the time being entitled to dispose of the fee simple in the premises, whether in possession or in reversion (apart from a mortgagee not in possession); a person who, whether alone or jointly with another person, holds or is entitled to the rents and profits of the premises under a lease which (when granted) was for a term of not less than 3 years. “Premises” includes— any land or other place (whether enclosed or not); any outbuildings which are, or are used as, part of the premises. “Specified prostitution offence” means an offence listed in section 136A(2). “Specified pornography offence” means an offence listed in section 136A(3).” 162 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 3 – Lap dancing and other sexual entertainment venues etc: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In section 138 of that Act (orders and regulations), in [F61subsections (2) and (6)]for “or section 130” substitute “ , section 130 or section 136Q(1) ”. In section 142 of that Act (extent), in subsection (2)(c) for “Part 2” substitute “ Parts 2 and 2A ”. SCHEDULE 3 Section 27 Lap dancing and other sexual entertainment venues etc: transitional provision Effect of section 27: cases where no existing resolutions passed A resolution made on or after the coming into force of section 27 by a local authority under section 2 of the 1982 Act that Schedule 3 to that Act is to apply to the area of the local authority applies to that Schedule as amended by section 27. Effect of section 27: cases where existing resolutions in force (1) Sub-paragraph (2) applies if a local authority has, before the coming into force of section 27, resolved under section 2 of the 1982 Act that Schedule 3 to that Act is to apply to the area of the local authority. The amendments