balance of probabilities that the respondent has engaged in, or has encouraged or assisted, gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. Applicants should remember that the standard of proof for proving that the respondent has breached a condition of the injunction is Ôbeyond reasonable doubtÕ. 21 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 8. Drafting the terms of the proposed injunction Applicants may apply for any reasonable prohibition or requirement, provided that it does not:11 • conflict with the respondentÕs religious beliefs; or • interfere with the times, if any, at which the respondent normally works or attends any educational establishment. In deciding upon which prohibitions and requirements to include, it is good practice for applicants to consider the following: • Does the evidence show that the prohibitions and requirements are necessary to prevent gang- related violence or gang-related drug dealing or protect the respondent from gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing? • Are they targeted at the needs and behaviour of this particular respondent? • Are they enforceable? • Are they clear, concise and easy for the respondent and partners to understand? • Do they have any implications for the respondentÕs human rights?12 • Will they have the effect of protecting and reassuring the public? A draft of the proposed gang injunction terms must be included in the application form, which should include all proposed prohibitions and requirements, their duration and any powers of arrest to be attached. When seeking an injunction against an adult, an applicant should complete the N16A application form. In cases where the injunction is against an under 18, an applicant should complete the MC200 application form. Applicants will need to be prepared for the court to examine each prohibition and requirement, and will need to be able to justify how each of these is necessary to prevent the respondent from engaging in, encouraging or assisting gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing or to protect the respondent from such violence or criminality. 8.1. Length of prohibitions As with all other conditions, the duration of each prohibition should be determined according to the unique circumstances of each case. The length of a prohibition should be designed so as to make the injunction as effective as possible in preventing gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing, whilst being mindful of the rights of the respondent and the need of the injunction to be fair and proportionate. There is no minimum duration for an injunction or any conditions contained within. However, no prohibition or requirement can be ordered to last for more than two years. Additionally, if any prohibition or requirement in the injunction is to have effect for more than one year (beginning with 11 Section 35(5) of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. 12 Including those protected under the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. 22 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing the date the injunction is granted), the court must order the applicant and the respondent