the accredited person may direct. (2) In this paragraph “relevant employer”, in relation to an accredited person, means the person with whom the chief officer of police for the relevant police area has entered into arrangements under section 40. Abandoned vehicles An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall have all such powers in the relevant police area as are conferred on accredited persons by regulations under section 99 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984 (c. 27) (removal of abandoned vehicles). Power to stop vehicle for testing A person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the power of a constable in uniform to stop a vehicle under subsection (3) of section 67 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52) for the purposes of a test under subsection (1) of that section. Power to stop cycles [F10478A(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2), a person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the power of a constable in uniform under section 163(2) of the Road Traffic Act 1988 to stop a cycle. (2) The power mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) may only be exercised by that person in relation to a person who he has reason to believe has committed an offence under section 72 of the Highway Act 1835 (riding on a footway) by cycling.] Power to control traffic for purposes other than escorting a load of exceptional dimensions [F10488B(1) A person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall have, in the relevant police area— the power of a constable engaged in the regulation of traffic in a road to direct a person driving or propelling a vehicle to stop the vehicle or to make it proceed in, or keep to, a particular line of traffic; the power of a constable in uniform engaged in the regulation of vehicular traffic in a road to direct a person on foot to stop proceeding along or across the carriageway. The purposes for which those powers may be exercised do not include the purpose mentioned in paragraph 9(1). A person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall also have, in the relevant police area, the power of a constable, for the purposes of a traffic Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5 – Powers exercisable by accredited persons Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 285 survey, to direct a person driving or propelling a vehicle to stop the vehicle, to make it proceed in,