[F721that body], it shall be the duty of [F721that body] to secure that all such steps as are appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act are taken, both initially and from time to time after that, for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to that matter. Where— a chief officer becomes aware of a DSI matter, and the relevant officer in relation to that matter is a person under his direction and control, it shall be his duty to take all such steps as appear to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to that matter. The chief officer's duty under sub-paragraph (2) must be performed as soon as practicable after he becomes aware of the matter in question. After that, he shall be under a duty, until he is satisfied that it is no longer necessary to do so, to continue to take the steps from time to time appearing to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the matter. It shall be the duty of a [F722local policing body] to comply with all such directions as may be given to it by the [F632Director General] in relation to the performance of any duty imposed on it by virtue of sub-paragraph (1). It shall be the duty of the chief officer to take all such specific steps for obtaining or preserving evidence relating to any DSI matter as he may be directed to take for the purposes of this paragraph by the [F723local policing body] maintaining his force or by the [F632Director General]. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 191 Reference of DSI matters to the [F632Director General] 14C (1) It shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to refer a DSI matter to the [F632Director General]. The appropriate authority must do so within such period as may be provided for by regulations made by the Secretary of State. A matter that has already been referred to the [F632Director General] under this paragraph on a previous occasion [F724, or that has been treated as having been so referred by virtue of paragraph 14CA,] shall not be required to be referred again under this paragraph unless the [F632Director General] so directs. [F725Power of [F632Director General] to treat DSI matter as having been referred 14CA (1) The [F632Director General] may treat a DSI matter that comes to [F656the