THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 8.1. Scope of the duty The Act requires local authorities to provide advice and assistance to those undertaking commercial activities and to voluntary organisations in their areas in relation to BCM in the event of emergencies (as defined in the Act).1 activity is undertaken to ensure preparedness. Rationale for the duty This 8.2. The duty on local authorities to give advice and assistance to business and voluntary organisations in relation to business continuity management (BCM) is an integral part of the ActÕs wider contribution to building the UKÕs resilience to disruptive challenges. 8.3. In the event of an emergency, Category 1 responders will give all the assistance they can, but there is merit in ensuring that communities themselves are resilient. In particular, it is important to ensure that the impact of an emergency on the continuity of commercial and voluntary organisations is kept to a minimum. This will lessen the economic and social impact of emergencies and speed up recovery. 8.4. Establishing a source of BCM advice and assistance prior to an emergency occurring will raise business continuity awareness in the community, and help organisations to help themselves in case of an incident. 1 s.4 8.5. A programme of business continuity advice and assistance will help in building community resilience; it will reduce reliance on public sector bodies in the event of an emergency and enable Category 1 and 2 responders to focus their resources on the most vulnerable. It will also help improve links between Category 1 and 2 responders and the business community and voluntary sector, which are crucial to effective emergency management arrangements. Advice and assistance duty in context 8.6. As Figure 1.1 in Chapter 1 illustrates, the business continuity advice and assistance duty is closely related to other duties in the Act, and should not be seen as a stand-alone duty. Developing and exercising emergency plans may require close liaison with organisations that carry out commercial or voluntary activities - for example in the preparation of city centre evacuation plans. There is a clear link between this work and the duty to give BCM advice and assistance to businesses, in many ways, it is a logical extension of this work. 8.7. In fulfilling their duty to assess risks in their area and collaborate in the preparation of the Community Risk Register, local authorities will have a good overview of the risk profile in an area. Furthermore, emergency planning work - and co-operation with other Category 1 and 2 responders through Local Resilience Forums (LRFÕs) - will leave local authorities well-sighted on the arrangements that are in place to deal with emergencies (see Chapters 2 and 4). 8.8. There is also a strong relationship with the warning and informing duty (see Chapter 7). This requires Category 1 responders to publish aspects of risk assessments and contingency plans, and to maintain arrangements to issue advice, information and warnings in the event of an emergency. The section 4 duty builds on this work,