the chief officer of police of the relevant force or of the chief officer of another force), or a National Crime Agency officer, to investigate the complaint or matter. (2A) The [F632Director General] may require that no appointment is made under sub- paragraph (2) unless [F638the Director General] has given notice to the appropriate authority that [F638the Director General] approves the person whom that authority proposes to appoint. (2B) Where at any time the [F632Director General] is not satisfied with the person investigating, the [F632Director General] may require the appropriate authority, as soon as reasonably practicable after being required to do so— to select another person falling within sub-paragraph (2)(a) or (b) to investigate the complaint or matter, and to notify the [F632Director General] of the person selected. (2C) Sub-paragraph (2B) applies whether the person investigating was appointed— before the appropriate authority was given notice of the [F666Director General's] determination that [F638the Director General] should direct the investigation by the appropriate authority, under sub-paragraph (2) (including where the appointment was approved by the [F632Director General] in accordance with sub-paragraph (2A)), or under sub-paragraph (2D)(a). (2D) Where a selection made in pursuance of a requirement under sub-paragraph (2B) has been notified to the [F632Director General]— the appropriate authority shall appoint that person to investigate the complaint or matter if, but only if, the [F632Director General] notifies the authority that [F638the Director General] approves the appointment of that person; if the [F632Director General] notifies the authority that [F638the Director General] does not approve the appointment of that person, the appropriate authority must make another selection in accordance with sub- paragraph (2B). Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 199 (2E) A person appointed under this paragraph to investigate any complaint or conduct matter— in the case of an investigation relating to any conduct of a chief officer, must not be a person under that chief officer's direction and control, and in the case of an investigation relating to any conduct of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or of the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, must be a person nominated by the Secretary of State for appointment under this paragraph (and approved for appointment in accordance with sub-paragraph (2A) (if required) or (2D)(a)). (2F) A person appointed under this paragraph to investigate any DSI matter— in relation to which the relevant officer is a chief officer, must not be a person under that chief officer's direction and control, and in relation to which the relevant