a pre-approved less lethal weapon (or certain specialist munitions). 5.3 The acquisition and use of less lethal weapons 5.3.1 Chief officers will be responsible for the acquisition of less lethal weapons (which have already been approved through the NPCC/Home Office process) for use in their force areas, on the basis of the threat and risk assessment processes referred to at section 3.2 above. 5.3.2 Appropriate chief officers should consider procurement best practice when acquiring less lethal weapons. However this should not compromise the need to minimise the risk of serious or permanent injury or death (refer to section 1.3). Cross-force collaboration should take place whenever possible to ensure cost savings. 5.3.3 Chief officers may also have less lethal weapons undergoing trial or evaluation available as part of the national approval process detailed at section 5.2. In such cases, and in adherence to the clear criteria and parameters that will have been issued by the Home Office to chief officers of designated trial forces, they may authorise deployment of such weapons in accordance with any related guidance for use. 5.3.4 Chief officers must ensure that only officers who are specially trained in accordance with this code may use less lethal weapons. 5.3.5 The training for and operational use of such weapons should follow relevant training curriculum and APP-AP guidance relating to the use of each weapon. 1.1.1 Selection, training and 6 accreditation of officers 6.1 Chief firearms instructor 6.1.1 For the purpose of maintaining standards in training the firearms portfolio holder must appoint a competent person as chief firearms instructor (CFI). The CFI is responsible for the delivery of the annual firearms training plan to meet the capability and capacity requirements identified by the APSTRA (refer to section 3.2). 6.2 Selection, training and maintaining competence 6.2.1 Chief officers of police must arrange the selection and training of officers: ? to use weapons covered by this code ? to provide tactical advice for operations involving such weapons ? to command the deployment of armed officers ? to perform the role of Post Incident Manager and Appointed Officer. 6.2.2 Chief officers must ensure that the selection, training and accreditation of officers identified by this code meets the requirements of the NPFTC, APP-AP and the College of Policing licensing standards. 6.2.3 Where an officer maintains competence to the common standards identified in the relevant national role profile within the NPFTC and any additional APSTRA based requirements, they may be authorised for operational deployment with weapons covered by this code. While the College of Policing is responsible for setting the relevant standards, it is for forces to authorise such operational deployment. 6.2.4 A commanderÕs, tactical advisorÕs and post incident managerÕs occupational competence should be formally approved by the firearms portfolio holder. The decision to deploy them operationally in that role will be one for the nominated force chief officer (responsibility for training and operational deployment may or may not be the same portfolio holder). 6.3 Record keeping 6.3.1 Chief officers should ensure that their force