disposable cigarette lighters; • flammable chemicals, such as certain cleaning products, photocopier chemicals and dry cleaning that uses hydrocarbon solvents; • packaging materials, stationery, advertising material and decorations; • plastics and rubber, such as video tapes, polyurethane foam-filled furniture and polystyrene-based display materials; • textiles and soft furnishings, such as hanging curtains and clothing displays; • waste products, particularly finely divided items such as shredded paper and wood shavings, off cuts, and dust; and • flammable gases such as liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). You should also consider the materials used to line walls and ceilings, e.g. polystyrene or carpet tiles, the fixtures and fittings, and how they might contribute to the spread of fire. Further information is available in Part 2, Section 1. 1.3 Identify sources of oxygen The main source of oxygen for a fire is in the air around us. In an enclosed building this is provided by the ventilation system in use. This generally falls into one of two categories: natural airflow through doors, windows and other openings; or mechanical air conditioning systems and air handling systems. In many buildings there will be a combination of systems, which will be capable of introducing/extracting air to and from the building. Additional sources of oxygen can sometimes be found in materials used or stored at premises such as: • some chemicals (oxidising materials), which can provide a fire with additional Figure 4: Label on oxidising materials oxygen and so help it burn. These chemicals should be identified on their container (and Control of Substances Hazardous to Health data sheet, see Figure 4) by the manufacturer or supplier who can advise as to their safe use and storage; • oxygen supplies from cylinder storage and piped systems, e.g. oxygen used in welding processes; and • pyrotechnics (fireworks), which contain oxidising materials and need to be treated with great care. As part of your fire risk assessment, you need to identify those at risk if there is a fire. To do this you need to identify where you have people working, either at permanent workstations or at occasional locations around the premises, and to consider who else may be at risk, such as customers, visiting contractors etc., and where these people are likely to be found. You must consider all the people who use the premsies but you should pay particular attention to people who may be especially at risk such as: • employees who work alone and/or in isolated areas, e.g. cleaners, security staff; • people who are unfamiliar with the premises, e.g. seasonal workers, contractors, visitors and customers; • people with disabilities14* or those who may have some other reason for not being able to leave the premises quickly, e.g. elderly customers or parents with children; • other persons in the immediate vicinity of the premises; and • people with language difficulties. In evaluating the risk to people with disabilities you may need to discuss their individual needs with them. In larger buildings used extensively by the public you