the clitoris (a small, sensitive and erectile part of the female genitals) and, in very rare cases, only the prepuce (the fold of skin surrounding the clitoris); • Type 2 Ð Excision: partial or total removal of the clitoris and the labia minora, with or without excision of the labia majora (the labia are the ÔlipsÕ that surround the vagina); • Type 3 Ð Infibulation: narrowing of the vaginal opening through the creation of a covering seal. The seal is formed by cutting and repositioning the inner, or outer, labia, with or without removal of the clitoris; and • Type 4 Ð Other: all other harmful procedures to the female genitalia for non- medical purposes, e.g. pricking, piercing, incising, scraping and cauterising the genital area. The extent to which the WHO classifications of FGM come within the ambit of the criminal law is discussed at Section 3.1.4. 2.3. International Prevalence of FGM FGM is a deeply rooted practice, widely carried out mainly among specific ethnic populations in Africa and parts of the Middle East and Asia. It serves as a complex form of social control of womenÕs sexual and reproductive rights. The exact number of girls and women alive today who have undergone FGM is unknown, however, UNICEF estimates that over 200 million girls and women worldwide have undergone FGM11. While FGM is concentrated in countries around the Atlantic coast to the Horn of Africa, and areas of the Middle East like Iraq and Yemen, it has also been documented in communities in: • Colombia; • Iran; • Israel (within the Bedouin community and within the immigrant Ethiopian Jewish community in its country of origin); • Oman; • The United Arab Emirates; • The Occupied Palestinian Territories; • India; • Indonesia; • Malaysia; • Pakistan; and • Saudi Arabia. • It has also been identified in parts of Europe, North America and Australia. 11 UNICEF (2016) Female Genital Mutilation/ Cutting: a Global Concern: www.data.unicef.org/resources/female-genital-mutilation-cutting-a-global-concern.html Figure 1: Percentage of girls and women aged 15-49 who have undergone FGM in Africa, the Middle East, and Indonesia Notes: In Liberia, girls and women who have heard of the Sande society were asked whether they were members; this provides indirect information on FGM since it is performed during initiation into the society. Data for Indonesia refer to girls aged 0 to 11 years since prevalence data on FGM among girls and women aged 15 to 49 years is not available. Source: UNICEF global databases, 2016, based on DHS, MICS and other nationally representative surveys, 2004-2015. Map disclaimer Percentage of girls and women aged 15-49 who have undergone FGM in Africa, the Middle East, and Indonesia Africa Benin Ð 9% Burkina Faso Ð 76% Cameroon Ð 1% Central African Republic Ð 24% Chad Ð 44% C™te dÕlvoire Ð 38% Djibouti Ð 93% Egypt Ð 87% Eritrea Ð 83% Ethiopia Ð 74% Gambia Ð 75% Ghana Ð 4 % Guinea Ð 97% Guinea-Bissau Ð 45% Kenya Ð 21% Liberia Ð 50% Mali Ð 89% Mauritania Ð