children and young people Agencies should also ensure multi-agency safeguarding teams receive mandatory training on: the full range of behaviours that can be abusive, coercive or controlling; recognising the key risk and vulnerability factors and power relationships; understanding the dynamics of domestic abuse and the basic typologies of different perpetrators, including dynamics of denial and minimisation and how to appropriately weigh up the credibility of different versions of events. Staff should know that key perpetrator tactics often involve trying to manipulate frontline services making those professionals more likely to identify and be confident to competently address coercive, controlling, and manipulative behaviours; recognising the impact of domestic abuse on children and young people, including the impact of being exposed to domestic abuse, and being used by the perpetrator to inflict abuse on the target victim; and skills to form alliances with victims and early engagement with perpetrators aimed at behaviour change. This will make those professionals more likely to identify and be confident to competently address coercive, controlling, and manipulative behaviours. Staff need to be aware of the complexity of different forms of perpetration which may not neatly fit into the binary of ‘victim’ or ‘perpetrator.’ For example, a young person may be perpetrating domestic abuse but may be a victim of child sexual exploitation themselves or a woman may be perpetrating abuse within a forced marriage context but may also be experiencing domestic abuse herself. Addressing the behaviour of the perpetrator Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements (MAPPA) are a set of statutory arrangements to assess and manage the risk posed by certain sexual, violent and terrorist offenders. They are established by virtue of sections 325 to 327 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 and apply to all police force areas in England and Wales. MAPPA Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance requires local criminal justice agencies and other bodies to work together in partnership in order to deal with sexual, violent, terrorist or other dangerous offenders in order to protect the public from serious harm. MAPPA brings together the Police, Probation and Prison Services into what is known as the MAPPA ‘Responsible Authority’ for each MAPPA Area (coterminous with police force areas). A number of other agencies are under a statutory duty to co-operate with the Responsible Authority (e.g. Children’s Services, Adult Social Services, Health Trusts and Authorities, Youth Offending Teams, Home Office Immigration Enforcement). Local Strategic Management Boards are responsible for overseeing the arrangements of their respective police force areas. MAPPA is for convicted offenders, the conviction does not have to be for a violent or sexual offence but the circumstances surrounding it need to be indicative that there is a risk of harm. Anyone can refer a convicted individual into MAPPA. It is particularly suitable in domestic abuse cases when dealing with serial perpetrators or other offenders who pose a high risk of serious harm where there is need for a formal multi- agency plan to be kept under review. IDVAS and other victim representatives