for details) View outstanding changes “(ba) if the person in default was a member of staff of SOCA, the compensation is payable by SOCA;”. After paragraph (e) insert— “(f) if the person in default was an accredited financial investigator and none of paragraphs (a) to (e) apply, the compensation is payable in accordance with paragraph (b), (d) or (e) of section 302(7A) (as the case may require).” Civil recovery Limitation In the following provisions for “twelve years” substitute “ 20 years ” sections 27A(2) and 27B(2) of the Limitation Act 1980 (c. 58) (civil recovery of property obtained through unlawful conduct etc), sections 19B(2) and 19C(2) of the Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act 1973 (c. 52) (equivalent provisions for Scotland), and Articles 72A(2) and 72B(2) of the Limitation (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1339 (N.I. 11)) (equivalent provisions for Northern Ireland). The amendments made by this section— apply to causes of action which accrued before, as well as to causes of action which accrue after, the commencement of this section, but do not apply to causes of action barred by the provisions mentioned in subsection (1) before the commencement of this section. Power to search vehicles Section 289 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) (searches) is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (4). After subsection (1) insert— “(1A) The powers specified in subsection (1D) are exercisable if— a customs officer, a constable or an accredited financial investigator has reasonable grounds for suspecting that there is cash falling within subsection (1E) in a vehicle, and it appears to the officer, constable or investigator that the vehicle is under the control of a person (the suspect) who is in or in the vicinity of the vehicle. 86 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (1B) The powers are exercisable only if the vehicle is— in any place to which, at the time of the proposed exercise of the powers, the public or any section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission, or in any other place to which at that time people have ready access but which is not a dwelling. (1C) But if the vehicle is in a garden or yard or other land occupied with and used for the purposes of a dwelling, the customs officer, constable or accredited financial investigator may exercise the powers under subsection (1D) only if the officer, constable or investigator has reasonable grounds for believing—