the purposes of subsection (11C)(b)(i) whether or not any individuals or animals concerned are or were (at any material time)Ñ (a) living or deceased, or (b) capable of being identified.Ó (3) The amendments made by this section do not apply in relation to offences committed before it comes into force. Overseas production orders 51 Overseas production orders Schedule 5 contains amendments to the Crime (Overseas Production Orders) Act 2019. 54 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Amendments to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 etc 52 Power to photograph certain persons at a police station (1) The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 is amended as follows. (2) In section 64A (photographing of suspects etc.), after subsection (1B) insertÑ Ò(1C) A person to whom subsection (1) or (1A) does not apply may be photographed at a police station without the appropriate consent if that person falls within subsection (1D), (1F) or (1H). (1D) A person falls within this subsection if (before or after the coming into force of this subsection) that person has beenÑ (a) arrested for a recordable offence and released, (b) charged with a recordable offence, or (c) informed that they will be reported for such an offence, and either of the conditions in subsection (1E) is met in relation to that person. (1E) The conditions referred to in subsection (1D) areÑ (a) that the person has not been photographed in the course of the investigation of the offence by the police, or (b) that the person has been so photographed butÑ (i) any photograph taken on such a previous occasion is unavailable or inadequate, and (ii) a constable considers that taking a further photograph is necessary to assist in the prevention or detection of crime. (1F) A person falls within this subsection if (before or after the coming into force of this subsection) that person has beenÑ (a) convicted of a recordable offence, or (b) given a caution in respect of a recordable offence which, at the time of the caution they have admitted, and either of the conditions in subsection (1G) is met in relation to that person. (1G) The conditions referred to in subsection (1F) areÑ (a) that the person has not been photographed since being convicted or cautioned, or (b) that the person has been so photographed butÑ (i) any photograph taken on such a previous occasion is unavailable or inadequate, and (ii) a constable considers that taking