OF DIFFERENT PERSONS 7 Line Managers 7 The Individual 8 SIGNPOSTING 8 DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION 9 PROCEDURE OVERVIEW This procedure sets out the rights of staff experiencing menopausal symptoms, explains the responsibilities of managers and staff, and the support available to them. We aim to facilitate an open, understanding working environment. Staff are encouraged to inform their line manager that they are experiencing menopausal symptoms at an early stage to ensure that symptoms are treated as an ongoing health issue rather than as individual instances of ill health. Early notification will also help line managers to determine the most appropriate course of action to support a staff memberÕs individual needs. This procedure is covered by the overarching Human Resources Policy Statement: • Everyone is treated with fairness, respect and dignity, whatever their protected characteristics or their place in the hierarchy • Individual's health, health and safety and welfare needs are always considered GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning EAP Employee Assistance Programme MSD Musculoskeletal Disorders OHU Occupational Health Unit APPLICABILITY This procedure covers all individuals under the responsibilities of both the Chief Constable and the Office of the Police Crime Commissioner (OPCC), which include: Officers, special constables, staff including apprentices, individuals on secondment (subject to the terms of the secondment) and those within the scope of any regional initiatives. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE There are two main areas of law that may relate to the perimenopause and menopause: • The Equality Act 2010 protects workers against discrimination. This includes because of their sex, a disability, and their age. The Gender Equality Duty (under the 2010 Act) sets out an obligation to promote gender equality and eliminate discrimination. • The Health and Safety at Work ect. Act 1974 says an employer must, where reasonably practical, ensure health, safety and welfare at work Under both of those areas of law, it is our duty to provide a working environment that is cognisant of issues surrounding the menopause and support those going through it in the workplace through reasonable adjustments (where applicable). . RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Equality Act 2010 Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 Wiltshire Police/OPCC Human Resources Policy Statement Wiltshire Police/OPCC Attendance Management Policy and Procedure Wiltshire Police/OPCC Equal Opportunities Policy and Procedures AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE There are no associated Authorised Professional Practice areas at present. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW The Force will review the outcomes of any incidents or cases where complaints/concerns or issues have been made via a ÒLessons learnedÓ process. This information will assist us in evaluating the effectiveness of this procedure and will ensure we as Wiltshire Police are not in danger of missing opportunities to improve and develop