a sub-contractor, is a registered firearms dealer. PMSCs who are not registered firearms dealers (RFDs) 28.18 If a PMSC is not a registered firearms dealer then each of the armed guards will need to apply to their local police for a firearm certificate for the weapons specified in their own right, following issue of the section 5 authority to the PMSC. Given the additional administration involved, it is expected that most PMSCs will wish to become registered firearms dealers. Section 5 authorisation 28.19 Once the necessary checks have been completed, if the Home Office is satisfied, a section 5 authority will be issued to the PMSC with conditions attached to ensure that the firearms will not endanger the public safety or the peace. It is an offence under section 5(5) of the Firearms Act 1968 to fail to comply with these conditions. 28.20 A section 5 authority is issued initially for one year followed by three years at first renewal, unless there has been a breach of conditions or other public safety concerns. 28.21 PMSCs should submit renewal applications for section 5 authorities, or requests for clearance for guards, at least four months before expiry in order to allow police sufficient time to carry out the necessary checks. Other issues 28.22 Training: the maritime security industry is well-established with a number of PMSCs currently operating to protect shipping. The policy does not currently extend to authorisation of PMSCs to undertake maritime security training in the UK using live firearms, including training in the use of prohibited weapons. Work is underway to consider options for training standards and requirements in the future. 207 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 28.23 Maritime accreditation has been taken forward at an international level by the ISO (International Organisation for Standardisation). ISO/PAS 28007 ÔGuidelines for Private Maritime Security Companies Providing Privately Contracted Armed Security Personnel on Board ShipsÕ was published in 2012. For the UK, the SCEG (Security in Complex Environments Group), was appointed by the UK Government as its industry partner for regulation and accreditation, and has been working to produce standards for the UK private security industry operating overseas in hazardous environments. The United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) has accredited Certification Bodies to issue certificates to UK and other PMSCs. Further information 28.24 Further information on the issue of section 5 authorisations can be obtained from the gov.uk website. For detailed advice on how to apply, please consult the Home Office Guidance for the application for a section 5 authority for prohibited weapons and ammunition. In England and Wales, applications must be made to the Home Office electronically using the designated application portal. In Scotland, applications should be made to the Scottish Government: Firearms Team Safer Communities Division St AndrewÕs House Edinburg EH1 3DG Scottish Government section 5 application form. email: firearms.enquiries@gov.scot Telephone: 0131 244 8525 Summary process for maritime security applications • Shipping company selects the PMSC and draws up a draft contract/letter of intent • Shipping company submits its counter-piracy plan (CPP)