by the Secretary of State. (7) Where a sexual harm prevention order imposes an electronic monitoring requirement on the offender, the offender must (among other things)Ñ (a) submit, as required from time to time by the responsible person, toÑ (i) being fitted with, or the installation of, any necessary apparatus, and (ii) the inspection or repair of any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, (b) not interfere with, or with the working of, any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, and (c) take any steps required by the responsible person for the purpose of keeping in working order any apparatus fitted or installed for the purpose of the monitoring. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 217 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes These obligations have effect as requirements of the sexual harm prevention order under which the electronic monitoring requirement is imposed. (8) A sexual harm prevention order may not provide for an electronic monitoring requirement to have effect for more than 12 months. (9) Subsection (8) does not prevent an electronic monitoring requirement from being extended for a further period (of no more than 12 months each time) under section 350. 348B Data from electronic monitoring: code of practice (1) The Secretary of State must issue a code of practice relating to the processing of data gathered in the course of electronic monitoring of offenders under electronic monitoring requirements imposed by sexual harm prevention orders. (2) A failure to observe a code issued under this section does not of itself make a person liable to any criminal or civil proceedings.Ó (5) In section 350 (sexual harm prevention orders: variations, renewals, discharges), after subsection (6B) (inserted by section 173 of this Act) insertÑ Ò(6C) Section 348A (electronic monitoring requirements) applies in relation toÑ (a) the variation of an order to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order, or (b) the renewal of an order to continue such a requirement, as it applies in relation to the making of a sexual harm prevention order, subject to subsection (6D). (6D) In its application to the variation or renewal of an order, section 348A(4)(b) has effect as ifÑ (a) the reference to a case where it is proposed to include in the order a requirement or provision mentioned in sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) included a case where the order already includes such