Signed by the responsible Minister: Date: '6 IG.I l'-f Summary: Analysis & Evidence Description: FULL ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT Policy Option 2 .Price Base . PV Base Time Period Net _Elenefit (Present Value (PV)) (£m) l Year Year Years Low: I High: Best Estimate: Negligible COSTS (£m) Low High Best Estimate Total Transition (Constant Price) Years . Average Annual (excl. Transition) (Constant Price) . Total Cost (Present Value) . Negligible Description and scale of key monetised costs by 'main affected groups' N/A . Other key non-monetised costs by 'main affected groups' Any increase in prosecutions under the extended offence or by extending jurisdiction for the existing Computer Misuse Act offences would incur costs to police, Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Services, the Crown Prosecution Service, the Legal Aid agency and HM prison and probation services. The total cost to the Criminal Justice System is uncertain, but the additional number of prosecutions following the change in legislation is expected to be negligible. BENEFITS (£m) Low High Best Estimate Total Transition (Constant Price) Years Average Annual (excl. Transition) (Constant Price) Total Benefit (Present Value) NK Description and scale of key monetised benefits by 'main affected groups' NIA Other key non-monetised benefits by 'main affected groups' ? The amendment to include the 'obtain for use' offence will allow police to intervene in an attack before it has taken place, when the offender has procured the malware to use themselves. ? The extension of extra territorial jurisdiction by nationality will cover all offences in the Computer Misuse Act and therefore provide some extra territorial jurisdiction cover to section 3A for the first time. ? The pan-EU approach means that offenders who may have previously escaped justice due to a gap in legislation or lack of clear legal procedure could be dealt with under clear EU and UK legislation. Key assumptions/sensitivities/risks Discount rate (%) I 3.5 There is no evidence available to estimate how many further prosecutions would occur as a result of the change in legislation. Section 3A of the Computer Misuse Act has only had two prosecutions in England and Wales over the past three years and the extra territorial jurisdiction provisions have not been exercised against any Computer Misuse Act offenders. There is a risk that as the threat of cyber crime develops, and the materials used to commit cyber crime offences becomes more accessible, there could be an increase in offences under section 3A. This has been highlighted in a sensitivity analysis. BUSINESS ASSESSMENT (Option 2) In scope of 0100? Measure qualifies as NO N/A Evidence Base (for summary sheets) Background The legislation available in the UK which covers the offences defined in the EU Directive is the Computer Misuse Act (1990). The offences under the Act are covered under sections 1-3A. Section 3A was added in 2006 and deals with making, supplying or obtaining articles for use in offences under sections 1 (unauthorised access to computer material) or 3 (unauthorised acts with intent to impair, or with recklessness as to impairing, operation