Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) The police and crime commissioner for a police area may call upon the chief constable of the police force for that area to resign or retire. (4) The chief constable must retire or resign if called upon to do so by the relevant police and crime commissioner in accordance with subsection (3). (5) Schedule 8 (appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers) has effect. (6) This section is subject to Parts 1 and 2 of Schedule 8. (7) This section and Schedule 8 are subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. 39 Deputy chief constables (1) Each police force must have one or more deputy chief constables. (2) The chief constable of a police force must consult the relevant police and crime commissioner before increasing the number of deputy chief constables which the force has. (3) The chief constable of a police force must consult the relevant police and crime commissioner before appointing a person to be a deputy chief constable of the force. (4) The chief constable of a police force may suspend from duty a deputy chief constable of that police force. (5) The chief constable of a police force may call upon a deputy chief constable of that police force to resign or retire. (6) A deputy chief constable must resign or retire if called upon to do so by the chief constable in accordance with subsection (5). (7) Subsections (3) to (6) are subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (8) Subsections (4) to (6) are subject to Part 3 of Schedule 8 (suspension and removal of other senior police officers). (9) In this section Òpolice forceÓ means the police force for a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996 (police areas outside London). 40 Assistant chief constables (1) Each police force must have one or more assistant chief constables. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 39 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) The chief constable of a police force must consult the relevant police and crime commissioner before appointing a person as an assistant chief constable of the force. (3) The chief constable of a police force may suspend from duty an assistant chief constable of that police force. (4) The chief constable of a police force may call upon an assistant chief constable of that police force to resign or retire. (5) An assistant chief constable must resign or retire if called upon to do so by the chief constable in accordance with subsection (4). (6) Subsections (2) to (5) are subject to regulations under section 50