National Risk Register. It includes the risk of a number of kinds of terrorist attacks, shown here as attacks on crowded places, transport systems, and critical infrastructure, and attacks using non-conventional (or in other words chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear) materials. In planning for emergencies [we] take into account the impact that such attacks would have in the local area as much as we do the impacts of other hazards of a more local natureÓ PAGE 61 Annex 4 F: Risk rating matrix Revision to Emergency Preparedness Negligible (1) Rare (2) Unlikely (3) Possible (4) Probable (5) Likelihood Key Very High High Medium Low Definitions of risk ratings Very high (VH) risk - these are classed as primary or critical risks requiring immediate attention. They may have a high or medium likelihood of occurrence, but their potential consequences are such that they must be treated as a high priority. This may mean that strategies should be developed to reduce or eliminate the risks, but also that mitigation in the form of (multi-agency) planning, exercising and training for these hazards should be put in place and the risk monitored on a regular frequency. Consideration should be given to planning being specific to the risk rather than generic. High (H) risk - these risks are classed as significant. They may have a high or low likelihood of occurrence, but their potential consequences are sufficiently serious to warrant appropriate consideration after those risks classed as Ôvery highÕ. Consideration should be given to the development of strategies to reduce or eliminate the risks, but also mitigation in the form of, at least (multi-agency) generic planning, exercising and training should be put in place and the risk monitored on a regular frequency. Medium (M) risk - these risks are less significant, but may cause upset and inconvenience in the short term. These risks should be monitored to ensure that they are being appropriately managed and consideration given to their being managed under generic emergency planning arrangements. Low (L) risk - these risks are both unlikely to occur and not significant in their impact. They should be managed using normal or generic planning arrangements and require minimal monitoring and control unless subsequent risk assessments show a substantial change, prompting a move to another risk category. Chapter 6 Business Continuity Management Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 6 (Business Continuity Management) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE Scope of the duty 6.1. The Act requires Category 1 responders to maintain plans to ensure that they can continue to perform their functions in the event of an emergency, so far as is reasonably practicable.1 6.2. The duty to maintain plans relates to all the functions of a Category 1 responder, not just its civil protection functions. For Category 1 responders to help others in the event of an emergency, they first need to be able to keep their own crisis response capabilities going. However, Category 1