three categories: flat, semi- detached and terrace. Whilst this could indicate relationships between housing types and cause to call the police, this effect may more simply reflect the area in which the addresses are situated. Despite a void of cited links between employment status and service demand in previous literature, the current study found that 43% of family members within the top ten demanding residential addresses were unemployed, making unemployed people the single largest group likely to demand resources. All ten of these households were associated with previous issues (i.e. mental health issues, incidents of domestic violence, or alcohol and/or substance abuse); however, only seven had previously received other agency involvement and five had received interventions aimed to improve their family situation. This indicates that there is potential for agencies to work together more effectively with certain families at an earlier stage, when problems are first visible in order to attempt to prevent future high demand. Practical Implications These results indicate that the police could potentially reduce the demand for service by enhancing work within two key areas; (i) early intervention and, (ii)partnership working . Firstly, the majority of the residential repeat callers within this study were identified to have been struggling with a range of problems for some time. This highlights an area for early intervention to take place with children who show signs of behavioural problems and with those who start to display mental health issues, alcoholic dependencies or substance abuse before they reach crisis point and become high resource consumers. This has become a key aim of LancashireÕs Early Action Team. Early Action is a multi-agency intervention at the earliest opportunity, delivering sustained solutions to individual and family problems, which is hoped to ultimately build social resilience and create thriving communities. Early Action applies to both children and adults and aims to reduce vulnerability, improve health and wellbeing, prevent crime and reduce demand across all public services, preventing problems rather than responding to them. Secondly, as the majority incidents were not traditional police business, a large portion of the current workload could be more appropriately dealt with by other agencies or in partnership with other agencies. Not only could this improve incident resolution time, service and care for the caller, the demand on the police would be significantly reduced and resources could be more appropriately deployed to address traditional police business. For instance, co- responding police-mental health programs that are used to respond to Ôemotionally disturbed persons in the communityÕ have been found to facilitate strong community services partnerships and reduced justice system demands (Shapiro et al., 2014). In addition, police and mental-health clinician emergency response partnerships have been found to generate service improvements such as more efficient service transition, reduced police officer Ôdown timeÕ, and improved interagency knowledge transfer (McKenna, Furness, Oaks and Brown, 2015). Furthermore, early interventions and partnerships should focus on promoting co- production. Co-production involves the development of an equal and reciprocal relationship between the service provider and service user in recognition that