the face of a disruption. BCM will help ensure that they can mobilise the capabilities they need to deal with the emergency. It will also help ensure that the impact of the emergency on the day-to-day functions of the Category 1 responder is kept to a minimum, and that disruptions to vital services do not deepen the impact of the emergency on the wider community; 6.98. To be truly effective, BC must form part of the culture in an organisation. This can be achieved by: leadership from senior personnel; assigning clear responsibilities; awareness raising; skills training; and exercising plans. 6.99. Category 1 responders should extend their awareness-raising activities to those third parties upon whom the Category 1 responder depends in both normal and crisis operations. They need to be aware of how the response will develop when a BCM event occurs, and what this will mean for them. 6.100. Category 1 responders also have an interest in ensuring that their suppliers and contractors have in place robust BCM arrangements. To ensure the resilience of operations, it is necessary to ensure that other aspects of the delivery chain are resilient too. It is important to build BCM into procurement and contract management processes. The Office of Government Commerce provides detailed advice on these issues which is freely available on its website: http://www.ogc.gov.uk. 6.1. 6.101. Business continuity as part of Civil Protection is very much a multi-agency activity, where Category 1 responders must work together - and understand each otherÕs capabilities and vulnerabilities - if they are going to be effective. 6.102. In the emergency planning area, it is essential for Category 1 responders to be aware of each otherÕs plans. BCM arrangements underpin emergency management capabilities - it is important that Category 1 responders have an awareness of the continuity issues facing their partners in the event of an emergency. Which functions will be discontinued? How will functions be scaled down or up in the event of an emergency? Where are partnersÕ contingency sites? 6.103. The Local Resilience Forum (LRF) provides a framework for dialogue about business continuity issues. Category 1 responders should consider using the LRF process as a means of raising mutual awareness, ensuring that plans dovetail, developing frameworks for mutual assistance, and sharing best practice. 6.104. The Act requires Category 1 responders to publish aspects of their BCPs in so far as this is necessary or desirable for the purposes of dealing with emergencies.24 6.105. The purpose of this requirement is to ensure that Category 1 responders make relevant information available to the public about what will happen in the event of an emergency. There are three principal classes of information which Category 1 responders should consider communicating to the public: o a descriptive account of the business continuity plans they have in place for the purposes of reassuring the public; 24 s.2(1)(f) o information about the implications of emergencies for the continuity of a Category 1 responderÕs ordinary operations Ð e.g. possibility of service suspensions or adjustments.