application relates until sub-paragraph (2) applies exceptÑ (a) with the leave of a judge, or (b) with the written permission of a constable. (2) This paragraph applies whenÑ (a) the application is dismissed or abandoned, or (b) the person has complied with an order under paragraph 2 made on the application. 294 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Special procedure for access to material relating to human remains Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Failure to comply with order 7 (1) If a person fails to comply with an order under paragraph 2, a judge may deal with the person as if the person had committed a contempt of the Crown Court. (2) Any enactment relating to contempt of the Crown Court has effect in relation to such a failure as if it were such a contempt. Issue of warrants by judge 8 (1) On an application made by a constable, a judge may issue a warrant authorising a constable to enter and search premises if the judge is satisfied that the conditions in this paragraph are met. (2) The first condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that there is material on the premises mentioned in sub-paragraph (5) below that consists of, or may relate to the location of, relevant human remains. (3) The second condition is that each of the conditions set out in paragraph 1(3) to (6) is met in relation to the material. (4) The third condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing, in relation to each set of premises specified in the applicationÑ (a) that it is not practicable to communicate with any person entitled to grant entry to the premises, (b) that it is practicable to communicate with a person entitled to grant entry to the premises but it is not practicable to communicate with any person entitled to grant access to the material, (c) that the material on the premises contains information whichÑ (i) is subject to a restriction on disclosure or an obligation of secrecy contained in any enactment, including an enactment contained in an Act passed after this Act, and (ii) is likely to be disclosed in breach of it if a warrant is not issued, or (d) that service of notice of an application for an order under paragraph 2 may seriously prejudice the purpose of the search. (5) The premises referred to in sub-paragraph (2) areÑ (a) one or more sets of premises specified in the application (in which case the application is for a Òspecific premises