an FGMPO and making a girl a ward of court. • Referral to an accredited family law practitioner to deal with wider issues of private or public family law may be equally important to meet the girlÕs needs. • Where an application has been made to the family court to protect a girl who may be at risk of harm (for example, for a care order) and it is subsequently recognised that there is a risk of FGM but no application for an FGMPO has been made, the applicant can request the court to consider making such an order. A court can also make an FGMPO of its own volition where it considers it necessary to protect a girl from FGM during the course of other court proceedings. 64 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation E.1. Police Protection Local authority childrenÕs social care may approach the police and ask for their assistance in undertaking a joint investigation. The way in which this is to be handled should be covered in the procedures prepared by the Local Safeguarding Children Board or Safeguarding Children Boards in Wales and in accordance with ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ66 (for England) and ÔWorking Together to Safeguard People: Volume 5 - handling individual cases to protect children at riskÕ (2018)67 in Wales. A joint approach can be particularly effective where it is thought that a girl or young woman is at immediate risk of FGM. Where there is reasonable cause to believe that a child would otherwise be likely to suffer significant harm, a police officer may (with or without the cooperation of social care) remove that child from the parent and use the powers for Ôpolice protectionÕ (section 46 of the Children Act 1989) for up to 72 hours. The police must inform childrenÕs social care who must assist in finding safe and secure accommodation for the girl or young woman if requested to do so. ChildrenÕs social care must assist the police, by arranging a placement for the child or young person in a place of safety, taking into account risk management and safety planning Ð whether this is in local authority accommodation provided by childrenÕs social care, on their behalf, or in a refuge. Local authority childrenÕs social care must commence child protection enquiries under section 47 of the Children Act 1989 when they are informed that a child who lives, or is found in their area, is in police protection68. They must also do so if they are told that the child is the subject of an emergency protection order, or they have reasonable cause to suspect that a child who lives, or is found, in their area is suffering or likely to suffer significant harm. ChildrenÕs social care may apply for an Emergency Protection Order (EPO) (see Section E.3) at any point within the 72 hours if there is reasonable cause to believe the child is likely to suffer significant harm if she is not removed to accommodation provided