a complaint are references (subject to the following provisions of this section) to any expression of dissatisfaction with a police force which is expressed (whether in writing or otherwise) by or on behalf of a member of the public. (1A) But an expression of dissatisfaction is a complaint for the purposes of this PartÑ (a) where it relates to conduct of a person serving with the police, only if the person in question is a person falling within subsection (1B); (b) in any other case, only if the person in question has been adversely affected by the matter about which dissatisfaction is expressed. (1B) In relation to an expression of dissatisfaction that relates to conduct of a person serving with the police, a person falls within this subsection if the person isÑ (a) a person who claims to be the person in relation to whom the conduct took place; (b) a person not falling within paragraph (a) who claims to have been adversely affected by the conduct; or (c) a person who claims to have witnessed the conduct.] (2) In this Part Òconduct matterÓ means (subject to the following provisions of this section, [F108section 28A and any regulations made under it,]F109... and any regulations made by virtue of section 23(2)(d)) any matter which is not and has not been the subject of a complaint but in the case of which there is an indication (whether from the circumstances or otherwise) that a person serving with the police may haveÑ (a) committed a criminal offence; or (a) 24 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings. [F110(2A) In this Part Òdeath or serious injury matterÓ (or ÒDSI matterÓ for short) means [F111(subject to section 28A and any regulations made under it)] any circumstances (other than those which are or have been the subject of a complaint or which amount to a conduct matter)Ñ (a) in or in consequence of which a person has died or has sustained serious injury; and (b) in relation to which the requirements of either subsection (2B) or subsection (2C) are satisfied. (2B) The requirements of this subsection are that at the time of the death or serious injury the personÑ (a) had been arrested by a person serving with the police and had not been released from that arrest; or (b) was otherwise detained in the custody of a person serving with the police. (2C) The requirements of this subsection are thatÑ (a) at