a 40 to 70% relative humidity. The working temperature and relative humidity of all areas shall be recorded on the test report. 6.3.2. Test equipment 6.3.2.1. Calibration and records All test equipment listed in this section shall be calibrated in accordance with the internal quality management system. Calibration records shall be made available to CAST upon request. All accredited test facilities shall have equipment approved by CAST. Details of equipment used during each test shall be recorded on the test report. 6.3.2.2. Velocity measurement All velocities shall be measured at a distance of 2.0 ± 0.1 m from the front face of the test panel to the centre of the position of velocity measurement. The velocity of each test shot shall be within the limits specified in Table 8. Velocity shall be recorded in metres per second (m.s-1) and rounded to the nearest integer value. The following velocity measurement equipment may be used: • Doppler radar calibrated with errors no greater than ± 1.0% within the specified test ranges. • Light gates with minimum sampling rate of 100 kHz and base length of 1.0 ± 0.5 m. Alternative systems may be used; however, these must first be approved by CAST. To attain the correct striking distances and velocities detailed in Table 8, static mounted proof barrels, alignment aids and hand loading of the rounds shall be adopted. 6.3.2.3. Back face signature measurement A suitable method of measuring the BFS shall be used. It shall be accurate to ± 0.1 mm. If using a Vernier calliper, it shall have an 8 mm diameter hemispherical probe. Figure 8 illustrates a suggested tool for such measurement. Figure 8: Example of a BFS measurement tool 6.3.3. Test configuration Test equipment shall be set up so that the minimum distance from the muzzle of the test barrel to the front surface of the target shall be 5 metres for protection levels HO1 and HO2, and a minimum of 10 metres for protection levels HO3, HO4 and SG1. Minimum muzzle-to-target distances for special ammunition are defined in Table 9.21 Figure 9 shows a standard test configuration for ballistic testing. 21 CAST shall provide detail on request for additional test rounds not included in Table 9. 10 m (min) 5 m (min) 2 m ± 0.1 m Protection levels HO3, HO4 and SG1 Protection levels HO1 and HO2 Minimum muzzle-to-target distance for special rounds specified in Table 9 Panel mounted on backing material Velocity Measuring Equipment Figure 9: Schematic showing a standard ballistic test configuration 6.4. Sample preparation 6.4.1. Conditioning panels All armour shall be placed in an environment held at a temperature of 20 ± 3¡C and 40 to 70% relative humidity for a minimum of 12 hours prior to testing. Protective panels shall be laid flat at all times when conditioning and stacked in piles of no more than four panels. 6.4.2. Marking panels Protective panels shall be marked in accordance with the defined shot pattern for each protection level as specified in Table 10.