Paid leave would provide underserved populations with essential support for their health and financial stability. Highlights The U.S. is the only high- income country without a mandatory paid parental leave policy despite evidence of its substantial health benefits, for families, including improved maternal and child well- being.1 Current federal protections under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) provide unpaid leave, leaving low-income families without adequate support. Beyond this policy, some states have adopted their own paid leave policies.2,3 A mandatory federal paid family leave policy, funded by the Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI), would foster economic and health benefits while promoting equity. This policy would stabilize incomes, enhance employee retention, improve productivity, and increase women’s labor force participation.5 Additionally, it would improve access to underserved groups, like minority women and single mothers, helping to prevent bankruptcies and reduce reliance on public assistance.5 Implementation Funding this mandatory leave program would be straightforward, modeled after existing Social Security benefits with a 0.62% payroll tax split between employers and employees.4 Low-income workers would receive near full wage replacement to ensure equitable access, similarly to how many state programs currently operate. Typically, Republican lawmakers oppose tax increases; however, this proposed increase is minimal, and the resulting economic benefits far outweigh its modest impact.8 Additionally, maintaining the current eligibility requirements under the FMLA would strengthen political support for this policy, as the established guidelines have already garnered approval through their successful implementation. The SSDI falls under the jurisdiction of the Social Security Administration (SSA) within the executive branch, but any changes require Congress to pass a federal law. Although bipartisan support exists for a policy like this one, legislative advocacy and public awareness are essential.9 The House and Senate Bipartisan Paid Family Leave Working Groups should expand outreach to more legislatures to secure broader support.9 Educating businesses and individuals on the policy’s shared positive impacts can alleviate concerns about payroll taxes. Once Congress passes this policy, it could be enacted and funded in the next fiscal year through minor tax adjustments. Effective implementation requires widespread workforce awareness. Currently, many eligible employees remain unaware of state- level benefits, especially among marginalized groups. Five years after California’s paid family leave program began, less than half of eligible workers knew about it, with even lower awareness among low- wage workers, immigrants, Latinos, and those without a high school diploma.10 Outreach should focus on social media campaigns to maximize awareness and involve employers, healthcare providers, community organizations, and government agencies.4 Medical providers can play a pivotal role by informing patients directly about eligibility.4 Overall, this federal mandatory paid leave policy, funded through the SSDI with a progressive structure, would provide substantial benefits to individuals, businesses, and the economy, with successful implementation relying on bipartisan support, public awareness efforts, and targeted outreach to marginalized groups. Works Cited Wallace, Kelly. 2017. “Paid leave: What’s the right amount of time?” CNN. https://www.cnn.com/2017/06/29/h ealth/paid-leave-how-much-time- enough/index.html. “Family and Medical Leave (FMLA).” n.d. U.S. Department of Labor. Accessed November 6, 2024. https://www.dol.gov/general/topic/b enefits-leave/fmla. “State