their armed guards to possess firearms on UK registered ships. In support of their application they must produce a provisional contract or letter of intent with a shipping company intending to use their services. The PMSC may also provide evidence in support of the application such as information about transits over the previous 12 months. In selecting a PMSC the shipping company must have conducted a piracy risk assessment and satisfied itself that the PMSC and its personnel are reputable and suitably qualified, based on the Guidance issued by the Department for Transport. The PMSC must also ensure it is satisfied that the 203 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law guards it employs are suitable and properly trained, in accordance with the Department for Transport guidance. 28.2 The shipping company is also required to submit its counter-piracy plan, which should follow the structure of Annex 1 in the DfT guidance, to the Department for Transport, including a signed statement that the Guidance has been followed. Armed guards: suitability 28.3 As a general rule, having regard to the provisions of the Firearms Act 1968 and to the potential risks of harm that exist in the armed counter-piracy maritime environment, individuals who have any previous convictions or cautions for violence, disorder or other serious criminality will not be considered as suitable to receive Home Office clearance. There may also be circumstances where other police information or locally held police records on individuals may call into doubt the applicantÕs suitability to undertake armed maritime security work. Each case will be considered on its merits. Armed guards: numbers 28.4 The number of armed guards included in the application to be approved must be consistent with the evidence provided in support of the application and in any event should not exceed 30 guards in the initial application. Applications that have been submitted without sufficient justification for the number of guards included in the application are likely to be delayed and may be refused. Only those guards who will be employed on a UK registered ship will be considered2. 28.5 A PMSC may submit an application for clearance for additional guards at any time, but the number of guards requested to be cleared on each occasion must not exceed 30. If a PMSC wishes to request clearance for additional guards following issue of a section 5 authority, evidence must be provided to show that the guards will be employed on a UK registered ship and that the additional guards are necessary. The number of guards to be checked must be kept to the minimum necessary to service the PMSCÕs contract in order to prevent delay in processing of the section 5 application. Armed guards: duration of clearance 28.6 Following the grant of a section 5 authority, when a PMSC wishes to submit further guards for clearance they should be aware of the following: guards are servants of the PMSC and their clearances are linked to the expiry date of the companyÕs section 5 authority. Therefore, when the