a timely manner Line manager considerations As supervisors, managers and leaders of the policing profession, we are expected to hold staff responsible and accountable for their actions and to reduce opportunities for unprofessional behaviour. We do this through role modelling, clear direction and expectations, appropriate supervision and dealing with issues as they arise and before they escalate. The use of feedback, reflective practice or formal performance and disciplinary processes (as appropriate) may be used to address any unprofessional behaviour. We recognise that conduct such as neglect of duties or laziness may be due to a lack of professionalism and commitment to ethical behaviour. It can stem from the failure to hold individuals to account, arising, for example, when there is undue tolerance and a failure to confront. This is unfair and demotivating to all other staff and can, in turn, lead to the erosion of trust and respect, and to a lowering of other individualsÕ performance. We know that the use of learning through reflection by our staff can help them to develop and that a Ôblame cultureÕ may inhibit the openness needed. We recognise that more serious failures may require action by a line manager, whom we expect to exercise professional judgement and take into account the principle of proportionality in determining how to deal effectively with alleged unprofessional behaviour (see the College of Policing leadership standards). We will seek advice from professional standards for matters that appear especially serious. As line managers, we will act positively and unwaveringly when shortcomings, wrongdoing or concerns are raised, taking positive action that is commensurate with the seriousness of the unprofessional behaviour. We will: judge actions and decisions by the quality of the decision making, not solely by the outcome consider whether decisions were consistent with those of policing professionals of similar rank, role or experience taken in the same circumstances help staff identify and critically reflect on honest mistakes or errors of judgement identify and challenge unprofessional behaviour (for example, neglect of duties, slackness, dishonesty, lack of commitment) and take appropriate action use the relevant policies, procedures or regulations (as appropriate) to address behaviour when it is inconsistent with the Code of Ethics ensure that support is provided to those under investigation for misconduct and for staff who have reported misconduct Tags Code of Ethics Books Try the new Google Books Check out the new look and enjoy easier access to your favorite features No thanks Result 1 of 8 in this book for police responses documents - Ü Previous Next Ý - View all Clear search Get this book in print ? Handbook of Domestic Violence Intervention Strategies: Policies, Programs ... By Albert R. Roberts About this book My library My History Terms of Service Published by Oxford University Press. Copyright. 24/03/2025 Health, safety, wellbeing and welfare https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/disaster-victim-identification/health-safety-and- welfare Page Health, safety, wellbeing and welfare This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 18 January 2022 Written by College