should be informed. 8.13 On appearing before their Inspector, the Student Officer may make their representations, after which the Inspector may decide to: a. Recommend the Student OfficerÕs services be dispensed with under Regulation 13, or b. Instruct a further Formal Support Plan is put in place providing clear detail of the areas of development and expectations on what the Student Officer must do to address these. This should include specific but realistic timeframes for achievement with regular, documented reviews and should not exceed a 3 month period unless there are extenuating circumstances to justify a longer period. c. Should the existing formal support plan still be live, this could be extended for no longer than 3 months unless there are extenuating circumstances to justify a longer period. 8.14 In the event the Inspector informs the SO that they will be recommending their services be dispensed with under Regulation 13, the required notice under regulations (Regulation 13 Police Regulations 2003) shall be signed by the Inspector and served on the Student Officer. 8.15 The Student Officer will be formally invited to attend a formal Regulation 13 hearing with the Chief Constable so that he can fully consider this recommendation. 8.16 The Student Officer will be advised of his/her right to be supported by a Federation representative or a Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if the officer wishes at this meeting. (See Regulation 13 step by step guidance). 8.17 Should the Chief Constable confirm the Student OfficerÕs services are being dispensed with, they shall receive either one monthÕs notice, or one monthÕs pay in lieu thereof. Both the Apprenticeship Consultant and the HEI should be made aware of this decision. 1.1 9. Student Officer Unsatisfactory/Unacceptable Performance Ð JRFT/PST 9.1 Student Officers will be required to complete a Job-Related Fitness Test (JRFT), Personal Safety training (PST) and Conflict Management Training in addition to five fitness assessments spread throughout their probationary period.). The JRFT should be successfully passed prior to the Student Officer attending the Personal Safety and Conflict Management Training. 9.2 Should the Student Officer fail to successfully complete the either the JRFT or PST, they will be given a Formal Support Plan and given 2 further opportunities to pass this test. 9.3 The Support Plan will detail what support will be provided and detail the responsibility of the officer to ensure level of fitness can be attained to pass on the next attempt. If following all the support being provided, the Student Officer fails on the 3rd occasion, they will be served a Regulation 13 notice and their services dispensed with under the Regulation 13 procedures. The Apprenticeship Consultant and the HEI should be informed. 10. Student Officer Unsatisfactory/Unacceptable Performance Ð Attendance 10.1 If a Student OfficerÕs attendance reaches the force threshold or in the event of attendance concerns, a meeting should be held with a representative from the HR team, OHU, SOAT Trainer, the Apprenticeship Consultant and the Student OfficerÕs Sergeant and/or Inspector. Where concerns exist regarding an individualÕs attendance, decisions should