be issued to the museum and copied to the chief officer of police. 144 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 16.13 A museum licence is valid for a period of five years, subject to its revocation or cancellation. An application for renewal will follow the same procedure as for a grant. It is recommended best practice that applications for renewal should be made at least three months before the expiration of the previous licence. Variation of museum licences 16.14 Paragraph 2 of the Schedule to the 1988 Act empowers the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers to vary, by notice in writing: a) the conditions specified in the licence held in respect of the museum; and b) the premises to which the licence applies. A notice under this section may require the persons responsible for the management of the museum to return the licence to the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers within 21 days so that the licence may be amended in accordance with the variation. 16.15 A request for a variation may be made directly by the museum or may arise from new circumstances which come to light. For example, the museum may wish to use additional premises for the storage or display of firearms. In this case an application should be made in writing to the Home Office or the Scottish Government, who may then request that the police undertake an additional security inspection. On the other hand, circumstances may come to police notice which suggest that an additional condition to ensure safekeeping should be attached to the licence or that security arrangements for particular premises are no longer suitable. In such a case a full report on the circumstances, together with the recommendation of the chief officer of police, should be forwarded to the Home Office or the Scottish Government. Where difficulties arise, every effort should be made to consult fully with the museum authorities. 16.16 Where a museumÕs request to extend the licence to additional premises is granted, it will be issued subject to receipt of the relevant fee under paragraph 3A of the Schedule to the 1988 Act. Revocation of museum licences 16.17 The Secretary of State and the Scottish Ministers are empowered (see paragraph 2 of the Schedule to the 1988 Act) to revoke a museum licence by notice in writing to the persons responsible for the management of a museum if: a) after consultation with the local chief officer of police, they are satisfied that the continuation of the exemption afforded by the licence would result in a danger to public safety or the peace; or b) the persons responsible for the management of the museum, or any servant of theirs, has been convicted of an offence under the Schedule to the 1988 Act; or c) those persons have failed to comply with a notice under paragraph 2 of the Schedule requiring them to return the licence to the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers. 145 Guide on Firearms Licensing