who was sent a copy of the recommendation under paragraph 28A(6)(b), unless the person giving the response has made representations under sub- paragraph (6). (6) The person giving the response may, at the time of providing it to the Commission, make representations to the Commission asserting that the requirements of publication and disclosure under sub-paragraph (5) should not apply to the response, or to particular parts of it. (7) On receiving such representations, the Commission may decideÑ (2) 122 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) that the response should not be published, or that only parts of it should be published; (b) that the response should not be disclosed, or that only parts of the response should be disclosed. (8) Where, following a decision on representations, the Commission decides to publish or disclose a response (in whole or in part), it must do so only after the person giving the response has been informed of the Commission's decision, andÑ (a) in a case where the Commission has decided to accept all of the representations, it must do so within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which it received the response; (b) in a case where the Commission has decided to reject any of the representations, it must do soÑ (i) within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the person was informed of the Commission's decision on the representations, but (ii) not before the end of the period of 7 days beginning with that day. (9) But if proceedings for judicial review of the Commission's decision to reject a representation are started during the period of 7 days referred to in sub-paragraph (8)(b)(ii)Ñ (a) the Commission must not publish or disclose the response while the proceedings are in progress; (b) if the court upholds the Commission's decision to reject a representation, the Commission must publish and disclose the response (in whole or in part, as appropriate) before the end of the period of 7 days beginning with the day on which the proceedings are no longer in progress. (10) Where a local policing body or a chief officer makes a response under this paragraph, the body or officer must, at the time the Commission publishes the response, also publish the response (to the same extent as published by the Commission) and the recommendation under paragraph 28A. (11) For the purposes