technology and its applications. This means staying at the forefront of the development of AI and integrating approaches to ethics, security and social impacts and planning for the next 10-50 years. The UK will only feel the full benefits of AI if all parts of society have full confidence in the science and the technologies, and in the governance and regulation that enable them. That confidence will depend on the existence of systems that ensure full accountability, clear ethics and transparency. Developing the best science and the most robust applications requires commitment to an ambitious programme of investment in talent; one that promotes cutting edge skills and does so in ways that makes AI accessible in ways that are more diverse and inclusive. Given the breadth and significance of potential AI applications, this Roadmap is concerned with overcoming the challenges of enabling change. It sets out suggested directions across four pillars: Research, Development & Innovation; Skills and Diversity, and Data, Infrastructure and Public Trust - and then, in the final section, addresses some specific measures to support adoption and the key areas of health, climate and defence. This Roadmap and its recommendations reflects the views of the Council as well as 100+ additional experts. We recognise it will not be possible to achieve all at once, and this is why a National AI Strategy is needed to prioritise and set a time frame that will position the UK for success. In order to support the government, we are ready to convene workshops with the wider ecosystem in order to capture more detail and work together to ensure that a future National AI Strategy enables the whole of the UK to flourish. 1 The economic impact of artificial intelligence on the UK economy, PwC ( June 2017) 1 16 recommendations to help the government develop a UK National AI Strategy Research, Development and Innovation Skills and Diversity Data, Infrastructure and Public Trust National, Cross-sector Adoption 1. Scale up and make sustainable public sector investment in AI; ensure consistent access to top talent from around the world; and find new ways to bring researchers, disciplines and sectors together. Build on the commitments in the governmentÕs R&D Roadmap2 and suggestions in the soon to be published UKRI AI review3. 2. Cement The Alan Turing Institute as a truly national institute, with a set of regional investments that draw on strengths from across the UK. Provide assured long term public sector funding that will give the Turing and others the confidence to plan and invest in strategic leadership for the UK in AI research, development and innovation. 3. Ensure moonshots, as described in the R&D Roadmap as challenge-led, high-risk, scalable programmes, are both advancing and leveraging AI. These could tackle fundamental challenges such as creating Òexplainable AIÓ, or important goals in any area where AI can contribute strongly, such as the UK Digital Twin program or developing smart materials for energy storage in the move towards Net Zero carbon emissions. 4. Scale up and