has effect from 21 August 2019 1. Getting a solicitor to help you • A solicitor can help and advise you about the law. • Asking to speak to a solicitor does not make it look like you have done anything wrong. • The Police Custody Officer must ask you if you want legal advice. This is free. • The police must let you talk to a solicitor at any time, day or night, when you are at a police station. • If you ask for legal advice, the police are usually not allowed to ask you questions until you have had the chance to talk to a solicitor. When the police ask you questions, you can ask for a solicitor to be in the room with you. • If you tell the police that you donÕt want legal advice but then change your mind, tell the police custody officer who will then help you to contact a solicitor. • If a solicitor does not turn up or contact you at the police station, or you need to talk to a solicitor again, ask the police to contact them again. Free legal advice about some less serious matters: • In some cases involving less serious matters, free legal advice is limited to telephone advice from qualified advisors from the Criminal Defence Service (CDS) Direct unless limited exceptions apply when a solicitor should come to the police station, such as: ~ the police want to ask you questions about an offence or carry out an eye witness identification procedure. ~ you need help from an Òappropriate adultÓ. See ÒPeople who need helpÓ. ~ you are unable to communicate over the telephone, or ~ you allege serious misconduct by the police. When free advice is not limited to telephone advice from CDS Direct: • You can ask to speak to a solicitor you know and you wonÕt have to pay if they do legal aid work. If you do not know a solicitor or the solicitor you know cannot be contacted, you can speak to the duty solicitor. This is free. • The duty solicitor has nothing to do with the police. • To arrange free legal advice: • The police will contact the Defence Solicitor Call Centre (DSCC). The DSCC will arrange for legal advice to be given, either from CDS Direct, from a solicitor you have asked for or from the Duty Solicitor. • The DSCC and CDS Direct are independent services responsible for arranging free legal advice and have nothing to do with the police. If you want to pay for legal advice yourself: • In all cases you can pay for legal advice if you want to. • When free legal advice is limited to telephone advice from CDS Direct you can still speak to a solicitor of your choice on the telephone if you want to, but they would not be paid for by legal aid and may ask you to pay them. The DSCC will contact