accordance with sub-paragraph (2A) (if required) or (2D)(a)). (2F) A person appointed under this paragraph to investigate any DSI matter— in relation to which the relevant officer is a chief officer, must not be a person under that chief officer's direction and control, and in relation to which the relevant officer is the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, must be a person nominated by the Secretary of State for appointment under this paragraph (and approved for appointment in accordance with sub- paragraph (2A) (if required) or (2D)(a)).] The person appointed to investigate the complaint or matter shall, in relation to that investigation, be under the direction and control of the [F632Director General]. [F755(4) The person appointed to investigate the complaint or matter shall keep the [F632Director General] informed of the progress of the investigation.] 200 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Investigations by the [F632Director General]F756... (1) This paragraph applies where the [F632Director General] has determined that [F638the Director General] should F757... carry out the investigation of a complaint [F758, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter]. [F759(2) The Director General must designate both— a person to take charge of the investigation, and such members of the Office's staff as are required by the Director General to assist the person designated to take charge of the investigation. (2A) The person designated under sub-paragraph (2) to take charge of an investigation must be— the Director General acting personally, or a person who is authorised to exercise the function of taking charge of the investigation on behalf of the Director General by virtue of paragraph 6A of Schedule 2 (delegation of Director General's functions).] The person designated under sub-paragraph (2) to be the person to take charge of an investigation relating to any conduct of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or of the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must be the person nominated by the Secretary of State to be so designated under that sub-paragraph. [F760(3A) The person designated under sub-paragraph (2) to be the person to take charge of an investigation of a DSI matter in relation to which the relevant officer is the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must be the person nominated by the Secretary of State to be so designated under that sub-paragraph.] A [F761person] who— is designated under sub-paragraph (2) in relation to any investigation, but does not already,