if such proceedings are started before the end of the period of 28 days following the day on which the item was seized; (b) otherwise, must before the end of that period return the item to the person from whom it was seized. (5) In subsection (4) Òrelevant criminal proceedingsÓ means proceedings for an offence under section 48 in the commission of which the item is alleged to have been used. 52 Fixed penalty notices (1) An authorised person may issue a fixed penalty notice to anyone who that person has reason to believe has committed an offence under section 48. (2) In subsection (1) Òauthorised personÓ means a person on whom section 53 (or an enactment amended by that section) confers power to issue fixed penalty notices under this section. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 29 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) A fixed penalty notice is a notice offering the person to whom it is issued the opportunity of discharging any liability to conviction for the offence by payment of a fixed penalty to a local authority specified in the notice. (4) The local authority specified under subsection (3) must beÑ (a) the local authority that issued the community protection notice to which the fixed penalty notice relates; (b) if the community protection notice was not issued by a local authority, the local authority (or, as the case may be, one of the local authorities) that could have issued it. (5) Where a person is issued with a notice under this section in respect of an offenceÑ (a) no proceedings may be taken for the offence before the end of the period of 14 days following the date of the notice; (b) the person may not be convicted of the offence if the person pays the fixed penalty before the end of that period. (6) A fixed penalty notice mustÑ (a) give reasonably detailed particulars of the circumstances alleged to constitute the offence; (b) state the period during which (because of subsection (5)(a)) proceedings will not be taken for the offence; (c) specify the amount of the fixed penalty; (d) state the name and address of the person to whom the fixed penalty may be paid; (e) specify permissible methods of payment. (7) An amount specified under subsection (6)(c) must not be more than £100. (8) A fixed penalty notice may specify two amounts under subsection (6)(c) and specify that, if the lower of those amounts is paid within