withdrawing family liaison deployments Antemortem sample collection A thorough, comprehensive and exhaustive search for evidence should be conducted. The utmost care must be afforded when handling and storing the personal belongings of a missing person. These items can hold great sentimental value for the families. Gathering this information for identification raises the expectation with the families that their loved one has died. This is hugely distressing for the families. Searching for the antemortem data can disturb the environment of their loved one. Relatives may want to preserve the integrity of the environment at all costs. It is essential to explain the need of the search and be sympathetic and empathetic with the family, acting with respect and dignity for both the families and the deceased. The FLO should supervise the collection of antemortem samples in conjunction with a crime scene investigator. The continuity of the sample from collection to laboratory examination needs to be carefully recorded and a method of sample labelling needs to be established by the SIM, FLC/FLA or AMC. Any personal effects of a missing person must have evidence of provenance in the form of documented witness accounts and an audit trail. Antemortem dental comparison and odontology Antemortem dental comparison samples may be collected from dental practices and orthodontic practices. Samples can also be collected directly from the family or home of the missing person believed to be the deceased. Dental records do not follow the patient. The FLO should ask the family for the names of the missing personÕs current and previous dentists. This will ensure that all relevant dental information is collected. Requesting samples When requesting samples from professional medical and dental sources, it is important to ask for the original: dental charts and all dental records X-rays models (casts) specialist records and relevant correspondence medical and dental clinical photographs Antemortem evidence Antemortem evidence that may be collected from the family or home may include: recent photographs of the person smiling and showing their teeth recent photographs of the person from the side and the front Antemortem DNA sample collection DNA comparison is most efficient when a DNA profile from deceased persons or human remains can be matched against a comparative sample held on the national DNA database. Four types of DNA can be obtained as part of the antemortem data collection strategy. 1. Reference DNA 1. A profile that is stored on the national DNA database. A national DNA database record will only be available if the deceased had previously come to police attention. 2. Surrogate DNA A profile obtained from objects and materials that are likely to yield the DNA profile of the deceased. These are usually personal objects used exclusively by the deceased. Examples include: blood saliva sweat seminal fluid skin cells Consider personal objects used exclusively by the missing person: hairbrush/comb clothing toothbrush razors headwear chewing gum lipstick cigarettes mobile phones/tablets/laptops jewellery glasses gum shields wind instruments (the reed) footwear gloves medical inhalers 3. Familial DNA A profile obtained from known,