the meaning of section 14; (b) inform any other body or individual the applicant thinks appropriate. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 171 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) In considering whether and how to exercise its powers under this paragraph, the court must consider any representations made by the youth offending team referred to in sub-paragraph (3)(a). (5) A detention order may not be made under sub-paragraph (1) in respect of a person aged under 14. (6) The court may not make a detention order under sub-paragraph (1) unless it is satisfied that, in view of the severity or extent of the breach, no other power available to the court is appropriate. PART 2 SUPERVISION ORDERS Supervision orders 2 (1) A supervision order is an order imposing on the person in respect of whom it is made (Òthe defaulterÓ) one or more of the following requirementsÑ (a) a supervision requirement (see paragraph 3); (b) an activity requirement (see paragraph 4); (c) a curfew requirement (see paragraph 5). (2) Before making a supervision order the court must obtain and consider information about the defaulter's family circumstances and the likely effect of a supervision order on those circumstances. (3) Before making a supervision order imposing two or more requirements, the court must consider their compatibility with each other. (4) The court must ensure, as far as practicable, that requirements imposed by a supervision order are such as to avoidÑ (a) any interference with the times, if any, at which the defaulter normally works or attends school or any other educational establishment; (b) any conflict with the requirements of any other court order or injunction to which the defaulter may be subject. (5) A supervision order must for the purposes of this Schedule specify a maximum period for the operation of any requirement contained in the order. (6) The period specified under sub-paragraph (5) may not exceed 6 months (not counting the day on which the order is made). (7) A supervision order must for the purposes of this Schedule specifyÑ (a) the youth offending team in whose area it appears to the court that the respondent will live during the period specified under sub-paragraph (5), or (b) if it appears to the court that the defaulter will live in more than one such area, whichever of the relevant youth offending teams the court decides. (a) 172 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: