(food crime officers);Ó, and (b) after section 26D insertÑ Ò26E Food crime officers (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations conferring functions on the Director General in relation to officers of the Food Standards Agency (the ÒAgencyÓ) acting in the exercise of functions conferred on them by virtue ofÑ (a) section 114C of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE powers for food crime officers), or (b) section 39A of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 (powers for food crime officers: inferences from silence). (2) Regulations under this section may, in particularÑ (a) apply (with or without modifications), or make provision similar to, any provision of or made under this Part; (b) make provision for payment by the Agency to, or in respect of, the Office or in respect of the Director General. (3) The Director General and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may jointly investigate a matter in relation to whichÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 61 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the Director General has functions by virtue of this section, and (b) the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration has functions by virtue of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. (4) An officer of the Agency may disclose information to the Director General or to a person acting on the Director GeneralÕs behalf, for the purposes of the exercise by the Director General or by any person acting on the Director GeneralÕs behalf, of an Agency complaints function. (5) The Director General and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may disclose information to each other for the purposes of the exercise of a functionÑ (a) by virtue of this section, or (b) under the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. (6) Regulations under this section may, in particular, makeÑ (a) further provision about the disclosure of information under subsection (4) or (5); (b) provision about the further disclosure of information that has been so disclosed. (7) A disclosure of information authorised by this section does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (8) But this section does not authorise a disclosure of information thatÑ (a) would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, the power conferred by this section is to be taken into account), or (b) is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory