a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 90I Further provision about regulations under this Part (1) A power to make regulations under this Part is exercisable by statutory instrument. (2) A statutory instrument containing regulations made by the Secretary of State under this Part is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (3) Regulations under this Part may includeÑ (a) incidental or supplementary provision; (b) different provision for different purposes.Ó (2) After Article 91F of the Road Traffic Offenders (Northern Ireland) Order 1996 (S.I. 1996/1320 (N.I. 10)) insertÑ ÒPART 4B COURSES OFFERED AS ALTERNATIVE TO PROSECUTION 91G Power to charge fees (1) The Chief Constable may charge a fee for enrolment on an approved course offered as an alternative to prosecution for a specified fixed penalty offence. (2) A fee may be set at a level that exceeds the cost of an approved course and related administrative expenses, but any excess must be used for the purpose of promoting road safety. (3) The power in paragraph (1) may be exercised only with the approval in writing of the Policing Board. Such approval may be givenÑ (a) generally or specifically, and (b) subject to conditions. (4) The Department of Justice may by regulations make further provision aboutÑ (a) how fees, or components of fees, are to be calculated; (b) the level of fees or components of fees; (c) the use of fee income. (5) The regulations may include provision as to the amount, or maximum amount, of a fee or component of a fee. (6) In this ArticleÑ Òapproved courseÓ means a course approved (whether before or after this Article comes into operation) by a body specified in regulations under paragraph (7); Òfixed penalty offenceÓ means an offence that is a fixed penalty offence for the purposes of Part 4 (see Article 57); Òpromoting road safetyÓ includes the prevention, detection or enforcement of offences relating to vehicles; Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4B Ð Courses offered as alternative to prosecution CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 107 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒprosecutionÓ, in relation to an offence, includes any alternative way of being dealt with for the offence (other than attending an approved course); Òspecified fixed penalty offenceÓ means an offence specified under paragraph (7). (7) The Department of Justice may by regulationsÑ (a) specify fixed penalty offences for the purposes of this Article; (b) specify a body