is already taken by prisons, in instances in which weapons are found or assaults are committed. For example, prisoners may be subject to adjudication/disciplinary procedures and may be segregated, and criminal prosecution may be pursued where violence involving weapons is used, where possible. The introduction of the new offence will support these measures and help to ensure that appropriate action can be taken against offenders. 1 There are several possession offences in the community including: possession of a knife or bladed instrument in a public place and possession of an offensive weapon without lawful authority in a public place. 1 Allowing more serious possession offences to be dealt with in the Criminal Justice System 11. There are various problems with dealing with some of the more serious possession offences via the adjudication system, which should not be seen as a replacement for the wider Criminal Justice System. The principal problems are: a. Limit on the numbers of days that may be ÒaddedÓ. b. Findings of guilt are not recorded as criminal offences so do not appear on the Police National Computer. This means that they cannot be taken into account as previous convictions during any future police investigation or sentencing at any future court appearance. It also means that they are not disclosable to future employers or others entitled to know of spent or unspent convictions. c. There are also a range of prisoners who cannot receive additional days in custody including: Indeterminate Sentence prisoners such as those serving life sentences, those under 18 subject to Detention and Training Orders (DTO), and foreign nationals who have completed a determinate sentence and are now held solely under immigration powers. d. Currently, unsentenced prisoners held on remand may only be given prospective added days but these do not come into effect if the prisoner is subsequently found innocent or given a non-custodial sentence. e. A prisoner who has not had a further finding of guilt at an adjudication for six months (four months for young offenders) since the date of the offence for which additional days were imposed may apply for some of the days to be remitted (known within establishments as ÔRestoration of RemissionÕ). This is usually up to 50% of any added days but can exceptionally be more and up to 100%. 12. It may be possible to amend the adjudication system so that it could provide for more added days. However, the adjudication system is designed as a quick and efficient way of dealing with relatively less serious offences within prison. For these reasons, the CJS is better placed to deal with the most serious cases of weapon possession. Violence within prisons 13. Whilst there have been many improvements to prison safety, assaults and violence may still occur and, if left unchecked, can quickly destabilise a prison and threaten the safety of both staff and prisoners. Weapon-enabled violence, including intimidation, is not acceptable in any environment and those who continue to engage in this behaviour in prison should face