the applicant fulfils the requirements of Schedule 1 for naturalisation as a British citizen under section 6(1) or (2). (3) But that is subject to section 48(3)(d) and (4) of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 (saving in relation to section 11 of the Nationality, Immigration and Asylum Act 2002). (4) A person is in the United Kingdom in breach of the immigration laws if (and only if) the personÑ (a) is in the United Kingdom; (b) does not have the right of abode in the United Kingdom within the meaning of section 2 of the Immigration Act 1971; (c) does not have leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom (whether or not the person previously had leave); (d) does not have a qualifying CTA entitlement; (e) is not entitled to reside in the United Kingdom by virtue of any provision made under section 2(2) of the European Communities Act 1972 (whether or not the person was previously entitled); (f) is not entitled to enter and remain in the United Kingdom by virtue of section 8(1) of the Immigration Act 1971 (crew) (whether or not the person was previously entitled); and (g) does not have the benefit of an exemption under section 8(2) to (4) of that Act (diplomats, soldiers and other special cases) (whether or not the person previously had the benefit of an exemption). (a) Part 2 Ð Citizenship Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) For the purposes of subsection (4)(d), a person has a qualifying CTA entitlement if the personÑ (a) is a citizen of the Republic of Ireland, (b) last arrived in the United Kingdom on a local journey (within the meaning of the Immigration Act 1971) from the Republic of Ireland, and (c) on that arrival, was a citizen of the Republic of Ireland and was entitled to enter without leave by virtue of section 1(3) of the Immigration Act 1971 (entry from the common travel area). (6) Section 11(1) of the Immigration Act 1971 (person deemed not to be in the United Kingdom before disembarkation, while in controlled area or while under immigration control) applies for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that Act. (7) This section is without prejudice to the generality ofÑ (a) a reference to being in a place outside the United Kingdom in breach of immigration laws, and (b) a reference in a provision other than one specified in subsection (1) to being in the United Kingdom in breach of immigration laws. (8) The relevant day for the purposes