Ireland. (8) A sexual offences prevention order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose of protecting the public in England and Wales, or any particular members of the public in England and Wales, from serious sexual harm from the defendant. (9) A sexual offences prevention order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose of protecting the public or any particular members of the public from serious sexual harm from the defendant. (10) A sexual offences prevention order may be renewed or varied under this section so as to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order. (11) Section 103FA (electronic monitoring requirements) applies in relation toÑ (a) the variation under this section of a sexual offences prevention order to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order, or (b) the renewal of an order to continue such a requirement, as it applies in relation to the making of a sexual harm prevention order, subject to subsection (12). (12) In its application to the variation or renewal of a sexual offences prevention order, section 103FA has effect as ifÑ (a) the reference in subsection (4)(b) to a case where it is proposed to include in the order a requirement or provision mentioned in sub- paragraph (i) or (ii) included a case where the order already includes such a requirement or provision, (a) 378 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the reference in subsection (4)(b) to the local justice area in which the place or area proposed to be specified is situated included the local justice area in which the place or area already specified is situated, and (c) the reference in subsection (9) to section 103E were to this section. (13) The court must not discharge a sexual offences prevention order before the end of 5 years beginning with the day on which the order was made without the consent of the defendant andÑ (a) where the application under this section is made by a chief officer of police, that chief officer, or (b) in any other case, the chief officer