if an officer of at least the rank of inspector considers under section 55(5) of that Act that an intimate search by a suitably qualified person is not practicable.] Any power that is exercisable only by a constable of a particular rank. Any power of a constable under— the Terrorism Act 2000; the Terrorism Act 2006; the Counter-Terrorism Act 2008; the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures Act 2011; the Counter-Terrorism and Security Act 2015. Any power of a constable under [F989the National Security Act 2023]. The power of a constable to make an application on behalf of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis under section 19 or 21 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016 (applications for warrants under Chapter 1 of Part 2 of that Act). Part 2 Application of legislation (1) Where a power or duty of a constable is conferred or imposed on a person designated under section 38— a reference to a constable (however expressed) in legislation relating to the power or duty includes a reference to the person designated under section 38; 256 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C – Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a reference in legislation to anything done in the exercise or purported exercise of the power, or in the performance or purported performance of the duty, includes a reference to anything done in the exercise or purported exercise of the power, or the performance or purported performance of the duty, by the person designated under section 38. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for legislation relating to a power or duty of a constable specified in the regulations to apply in relation to a person designated under section 38 in a way that modifies or supplements the effect of sub-paragraph (1). In this paragraph, “legislation” means any provision of— an Act; subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978; a Measure or Act of the National Assembly for Wales or an instrument made under a Measure or Act of that Assembly.] [F990SCHEDULE 3C Section 38(6B)(b) Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Introduction (1) The designation of a person under section 38 as a community support officer or a community support volunteer may provide for any of paragraphs 2 to 11 to apply to the community support officer or the community support volunteer. The designation may provide for any such paragraph to apply— to its full extent, or only in cases or circumstances described in the designation. Where the designation provides for any of