a justification for their restriction. Background US federal and state prison systems manage a population of 1.2 million inmates with disproportionately low literacy rates. However, many prisoners and academics emphasize how reading while incarcerated aids in emotional development and decreases feelings of isolation.1,2 Even though the large prison population may benefit from access to literature, the widespread use of prison book bans has not attracted the same attention as the over 10,000 individual book bans schools imposed across the nation during the 2023-2024 school year.4 Among the statesÕ leading prison book bans is Florida, which alone bans 22,825 titles in its state prisons.5 Despite such frequent applications, only 28 states keep official records of the book titles banned behind state bars, and only 15 provide the associated reasons for doing so.6 Among states that do provide documentation, the practice is not standardized. Pennsylvania and North Carolina expunge and rebuild their lists annually, Oregon conducts the same process every three years, and Illinois publishes separate ÒbannedÓ and ÒdisapprovedÓ book lists without defining the difference between the two.6 New York established a Facility Media Review Committee that sends monthly reports of updated banned titles to a Central Office Media Review Committee to facilitate consistency across state correctional facilities.7 Federally, the Department of Justice currently mandates: ÒThe Warden may not establish an excluded list of publications. This means the Warden shall review the individual publication prior to the rejection of that publication.Ó8 This specific prohibition of a federal banned book list presents a promising opportunity to set new standards in the federal justice system. Yet, the inconsistency in book banning and the absence of sufficient documentation of the practice obscures the literary censorship experienced by inmates and warrants policy intervention. Policy Idea Congress should require the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) to publish a centralized list of books banned from federal prison facilities by title with a justification for the bans. The BOP would specify the procedure and relevant criteria when adding new titles to the list, working through a committee process to regularly update the titles included and the reasons for their prohibition. This list would be readily available to mailroom managers in federal correctional facilities to evenly enforce bans while less authority is centralized among individual staffers. The review committee would similarly oversee an appeals process for restricted materials through which prisoners can file for a reversal of a ban that restricted their access to a title. Policy Analysis Centralized lists of banned books promote proper standards of consistency and accountability across the many facilities within the federal prison system while safeguarding the security interests that motivate bans. The current BOP policy explicitly prohibits creating a central list of bans which may have resulted from arguments that lists indirectly promote increased censorship as books would not be re-reviewed each time they are received.8 This approach, however, ignores the importance of transparency in the censorship that already occurs. Inconsistent applications of bans across facilities make tracking book bans more complex, and the