adoption leave, you and your line manager should agree the frequency and method of contact. 3.10 Keeping in Touch Days Keeping in Touch days have been introduced as a way to ease the return to work following a period of Adoption Leave. You can work up to and including 10 days during your period of Adoption Leave. You will not lose any of your SAP for working up to 10 days however, you will lose your SAP for any week in which you do any further work in addition to those 10 days. Keeping in Touch days will be paid at SAP rate, then topped up to your normal contractual pay for that day. Please note you will only be paid for the hours you work however this will still count as a KIT day. Keeping in Touch days are optional, there is no obligation on the Force to provide these days, or on you to take them, however, these are a really good opportunity for you to: • Meet with your line manager to discuss any key team, functional, organisational changes including how these may affect you; • Join any team meetings to keep in touch with colleagues, meet new ones; • Discuss any potential flexible working arrangements you would like him/her to consider prior to your return to work; • Assess any training required prior to your return; • Discuss what a transition back to work will look like; • Sort any equipment/uniform requirements in good time for return. You will need to complete a claim form for any KIT days worked which can be found on Sharepoint. The KIT day will not bring your Adoption Leave period to an end. Please note that employees taking a mix of adoption leave and shared parental leave are entitled to a maximum of 10 days which can be taken as KIT or SPLIT days during their adoption or shared parental leave. 3.11 Adoption Ð Return to Work Prior to your return, contact should be made to discuss and ensure the precise arrangements for your return to work. If you are intending to return to work after your full adoption leave do not have to give any further notification. If you wish to return to work early, you will need to submit a written request giving ideally 8 weeks, but no later than 21 days notice of your intention to return to work before the end of your adoption leave. You would need to complete the Form M5. If you are intending to return to work after your full adoption leave, do not have to give any further notification. If you wish to return to work early, you will need to submit a written request giving ideally 8 weeks, but no later than 28 days notice of your intention to return to work before the end of your adoption leave. You would need to complete the Form M5. 3.12 Resignation If you decide not to return to work, you must submit