as soon as reasonably practicableÑ (a) to a constable, or (b) to a person employed by a local authority or designated by a local authority under section 53(1)(c). (3) An order under this section may require the itemÑ (a) to be destroyed, or (b) to be disposed of in whatever way the order specifies. (4) Where an item ordered to be forfeited under this section is kept by or handed over to a constable, the police force of which the constable is a member must ensure that arrangements are made for its destruction or disposal, eitherÑ (a) in accordance with the order, or (b) if no arrangements are specified in the order, in whatever way seems appropriate to the police force. (a) 28 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) Where an item ordered to be forfeited under this section is kept by or handed over to a person within subsection (2)(b), the local authority by whom the person is employed or was designated must ensure that arrangements are made for its destruction or disposal, eitherÑ (a) in accordance with the order, or (b) if no arrangements are specified in the order, in whatever way seems appropriate to the local authority. 51 Seizure of item used in commission of offence (1) If a justice of the peace is satisfied on information on oath that there are reasonable grounds for suspectingÑ (a) that an offence under section 48 has been committed, and (b) that there is an item used in the commission of the offence on premises specified in the information, the justice may issue a warrant authorising any constable or designated person to enter the premises within 14 days from the date of issue of the warrant to seize the item. (2) In this section Òdesignated personÓ means a person designated by a local authority under section 53(1)(c). (3) A constable or designated person may use reasonable force, if necessary, in executing a warrant under this section. (4) A constable or designated person who has seized an item under a warrant under this sectionÑ (a) may retain the item until any relevant criminal proceedings have been finally determined, if such proceedings are started before the end of the period of 28 days following the day on which the item was seized; (b) otherwise, must before the end of that period return the item to the person from whom it was seized. (5) In subsection (4) Òrelevant criminal proceedingsÓ