• Local risk assessments should inform multi-LRF and national assessments, and vice versa. Category 1 responders will be able to draw on generic risk assessments and other sources of information (Box 4.5) that are provided by central government, while local risk assessments will be shared with Government via the Department for Communities and Local Government (Resilience and Emergencies Division DCLG RED). These may then be used to inform multi-LRF and national risk assessments (Boxes 4.2 and 4.3). Box 4.1: Further advice and information WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE Scope of the duty 4.1. The Act places a risk assessment duty on all Category 1 responders. The purpose of the duty is to: o ensure that Category 1 responders have an accurate and shared understanding of the risks that they face so that planning has a sound foundation and is proportionate to the risks; o provide a rational basis for the prioritisation of objectives and work programmes and the allocation of resources; o enable Category 1 responders to assess the adequacy of their plans and capabilities, highlight existing measures that are appropriate, and allow gaps to be identified; o facilitate joined-up local planning, based on consistent planning assumptions; o enable Category 1 responders to provide an accessible overview of the emergency planning and business continuity planning context for the public and officials and o inform and reflect national risk assessments that support emergency planning and capability development at those levels. Assess the risk of an emergency 4.2. There is a duty on Category 1 responders to assess the risk of an emergency within, or affecting, a geographical area for which each Category 1 responder is responsible.1 The source of risk includes both hazards and threats. Hazards are defined as non-malicious events including natural events, industrial accidents and industrial action. Threats are defined as malicious attacks. Emergency, as defined in the Act, is an event or situation which threatens serious damage to human welfare in a place in the United Kingdom, an event or situation which threatens serious damage to the environment of a place in the United Kingdom, or war, or terrorism, which threatens serious damage to the security of the United Kingdom.2 It must also meet either of the following criteria: o The threat or hazard is of a sufficient scale and nature that it is likely to seriously obstruct a Category 1 responder in the performance of its functions. o The threat or hazard requires the Category 1 responder to exercise its functions and undertake a special mobilisation.3 1 s.2 (1)(a)-(b), regulation 13 2 s.1 3 s. 2(2) 4.3. Challenges which do not constitute an emergency as defined under the Act lie outside the scope of the risk assessment duty. As part of business continuity management (BCM), Category 1 responders will need to risk-assess their emergency planning arrangements and their ability to deliver their critical functions during those emergencies for which the risks are assessed to be significant. Henceforth, in this chapter, ÔhazardsÕ and ÔthreatsÕ are events