the Police and Criminal Evidence (Application to Revenue and Customs) Order (Northern Ireland) 2007 (S.R. 2007/464), the definitions of Òthe CommissionersÓ, Òoffice of Revenue and CustomsÓ, Òrelevant indictable offenceÓ and Òrelevant investigationÓ; (f) article 2(2) of that order (Revenue and Customs detention); (g) article 7 of that order (restriction on other powers to apply for production of documents); (h) article 15 of that order (authorisation). (e) (6) A person may be transferredÑ (a) between UK Border Agency detention and Revenue and Customs detention; (b) between Revenue and Customs detention and UK Border Agency detention; (c) between UK Border Agency detention and police detention; (d) between police detention and UK Border Agency detention. [F28(6A) Subsection (6) has effect only in relation to Northern Ireland.] (7) The references to police detention in subsection (6)Ñ F29(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (b) in relation to Northern Ireland, are to be construed in accordance with the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989/1341 (N.I. 12)). (8) Expressions used in this section that are defined in a PACE order have the same meaning as in that PACE order. (9) This section does not affect the generality of sections 1(4), 3(5), 7(5) and 11(4) (construction of statutory etc. references to the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, officers of Revenue and Customs and Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs). 23 Investigations and detention: England and Wales and Northern Ireland (1) The Secretary of State may by order provide for any provision of an enactment listed in subsection (2) that relates to investigations of offences conducted by police officers or to persons detained by the police to apply, subject to such modifications as the order may specify, in relation toÑ (a) investigations conducted by designated customs officials, (b) persons detained by designated customs officials, (c) investigations conducted by immigration officers, or (d) persons detained by immigration officers. (2) Those enactments areÑ (a) the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c. 60), and (a) (b) the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989/1341 (N.I. 12)). (3) An order under this section may make, in relation to designated customs officials, immigration officers, the Secretary of State or the Director of Border Revenue, provision similar to that which may be made in relation to officers of Revenue and Customs or the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs underÑ (a) section 114 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, or (b) article 85 of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989. (4) If an order under this section provides that a function may be exercised only by a person acting with the authority of the Secretary of State or the Director of Border Revenue, a certificate of the Secretary of State or (as the case may be) the Director that the person had authority