52 Civil Procedure Rule 5 (court documents) PART 81 - Applications and Proceedings in Relation to Contempt of Court These can be found on the Ministry of Justice website here: http://www.justice.gov.uk/civil/procrules_fin/menus/sched_ccr.htm www.justice.gov.uk Ý Courts Ý Procedure rules 74 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Annex C Gang Injunction (14Ð17 year olds) HMCTS Court Administration Form POLICING AND CRIME ACT 2009 (AS AMENDED BY THE CRIME AND COURTS ACT 2013 AND THE SERIOUS CRIME ACT 2015) AND THE MAGISTRATESÕ COURTS (INJUNCTIONS: GANG-RELATED VIOLENCE) RULES 2015 (Form Ð MC 200) Applicant Specify name, address Respondent Specify name, address, date of birth Parent /Guardian Specify name, address, date of birth and status as parent or legal guardian Matter of Complaint Application for an Injunction to Prevent Gang-Related Violence will be made to: (PC09501) Name of Court Youth Court Delete as applicable [on notice] [without notice] In accordance with Part 4 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (as amended by the Crime and Courts Act 2013 and the Serious Crime Act 2015) and the MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related Violence) Rules 2015 on the grounds that: Grounds Provide brief details of the grounds that the applicant will rely on (supporting documents to follow) Terms of the Order Requirements Provide brief summary of the terms of order sought, including electronic monitoring, supervision and detention orders sought 75 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Part 4 - Youth Gang Injunction Checklist Complaint for a Youth Gang Injunction Policing and Crime Act 2009 (as amended by the Crime and Courts Act 2013 and the Serious Crime Act 2015) and the MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related Violence) Rules 2015 ApplicantÕs Name & Address: RespondentÕs Name & Address: Court Checking Officer/Date: ACTION YES NO Has the applicant consulted with the police, local authority, youth offending team(s) etc prior to approaching the court? Does the risk assessment identify any risks to the safety and security of witnesses, staff, the judiciary and the public in the court building or the areas around the building? If yes, what steps have been taken or are recommended to reduce the risks to acceptable levels? Has the application been commenced in a Youth Court acting for the district in which the respondent resides or the conduct complained of occurred? Is the applicant seeking to apply to attach a power of arrest to a prohibition or requirement in the injunction? Does the application contain the respondentÕs details? Does the application contain the respondentÕs (youthÕs) name, address and date of birth? Does the application set out the proposed terms of the injunction? Is the application made without notice? If so, the applicant must state the reasons why it is necessary for the application to be made without notice having been given. Has the applicant identified any security issues which may impact on the courtÕs risk assessment when handling the case? Has the applicant made the necessary arrangements with the local police to arrange for a police presence if