to pistols such as the Tokarev or SIG 250 where the trigger mechanism is housed in a separate unit dropped into the frame. 1.20 Magazines: Weld the magazine with spots or The term magazine refers to use appropriate measures with the equivalent detachable magazines only, degree of permanence, depending on type of NOT internal magazines such 1.1 arm and material to prevent removing the magazine. as those fitted to K98, etcÉ 1.21 Magazines: If the magazine is missing, place It is acceptable to modify a spots of weld or use appropriate measures in magazine well by welding a 1.1 the magazine location or fix a lock to permanently prevent the insertion of a magazine. 1.22 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 1.23 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove all the inner parts where possible and their attachment points of the moderator so that only a tube remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. substantial pin that would prevent the insertion of an unmodified magazine yet would allow an empty, slotted magazine to be fitted. Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not apply to moderators where ba?es are welded in place at manufacture. Revolvers 2 Revolvers (including cylinder loading revolvers) Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 2.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot (width > ? calibre; length: minimum ? the length of the barrel from the forcing cone). 2.2 Barrel: A hole must be drilled through both walls of barrel (near the forcing cone) and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % calibre, min 4,5 mm). The same pin can be used to secure the barrel to the action. As an alternative, securely weld a fitting hardened steel plug (length: minimum half length of the cylinderÕs chamber), into the barrel starting at the cylinder side. 2.3 Barrel: The barrel must be permanently secured to the frame by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. The pin used in operation 2.2 can be used for this purpose. Guidance Notes 2.4 Barrel: For exchange barrels not a?xed to the Note - 2.3 does not apply to 1.1 firearm, apply operations 2.1-2.3 as applicable. In addition, the barrels must be exchange barrels. Exchange barrels for revolvers may only permanently prevented from being a?xed to a be submitted as part of a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using factory