on the same bail conditions. Protective Notices and Orders can also be used where not already in place, further detail is provided at Annex D, which summarises different protective orders that can be issued.190 The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill will reform the law around pre-charge bail and includes provisions to better protect vulnerable victims and witnesses. Post-charge bail: Appropriate bail conditions can be applied once a perpetrator is charged to protect victims, witnesses and the public. Post-charge bail can be used to protect victims and witnesses from the risk of danger, threats, pressure, or repeat offences. Voluntary Attendance Interview A Voluntary Attendance (VA) Interview can also be used for progressing investigations. It should be noted that no conditions can be placed on a perpetrator when they attend a voluntary interview. Interviews may hinder the effectiveness of investigations in providing suspects with prior notice and the opportunity to destroy evidence (for example on digital devices) or speak to witnesses in advance. As such, VA should only be used when appropriate as it may not afford enough protection for the victim in cases of domestic abuse. Read further information on Voluntary Attendance Interviews. Protective Notices and Orders Domestic Violence Protection Notices and Domestic Violence Protection Orders (DVPNs/DVPOs) (governed by sections. 24-33 of the Crime and Security Act 2010, 189 The Government undertook a consultation on reforming pre-charge bail in 2020. The Government consulted on several proposals to make sure we have a system that prioritises the safety of victims and witnesses and supports the effective management of investigations; and the timely progression of cases to courts. The Government responded to the consultation on 14 January 2021 and a copy of the pre-charge bail consultation response can be found on GOV.UK. 190 College of Policing. Post-arrest management of suspect and casefile: 2018. More information can also be found in the College of Policing guidance on Identification, assessment and management of serial or potentially dangerous domestic abuse and stalking perpetrators: Eight principles to assist forces (college.police.uk). Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance ‘the 2010 Act’) can allow for protective measures to be put in place for a victim following a domestic incident of violence or the threat of violence involving a perpetrator aged 18 or over. These may be used, for example, where there is no substantive criminal offence to prosecute. Breach of a DVPO is not a criminal offence but enforcement action can be taken in a magistrates’ court as a contempt of court. A DVPN issued by the police prohibits the perpetrator from molesting the victim, as a minimum, which could include prohibiting the perpetrator from contacting the victim by any means. A DVPN may also exclude the perpetrator from the premises if they live with the victim. It also protects the victim and prevents further abuse until the matter goes before a magistrate. The DVPN is followed up with an application for a DVPO in a magistrates’ court within 48 hours of service of the notice (not including Sundays,