Who can take parental bereavement leave Whatever your length of service, you can take this type of leave if you are the parent of the child/children who have passed away, or if you are the partner of the child/childrenÕs parent. In general, you can take this type of leave if you have parental responsibility for the child. This includes adoptive parents. If you have suffered a bereavement but are unsure if you are entitled to parental bereavement leave, please contact People Services or the HR Advisory Team for clarification. 5.3 What leave a bereaved parent can take You can take two weeks of parental bereavement leave. You can take the leave as: • a single block of two weeks; or • two separate blocks of one week at different times. You cannot take the leave as individual days. You can take the leave at the time(s) you choose within the 56 weeks after your bereavement. You might choose, for example, to take it at a particularly difficult time such as your child's birthday. If you have lost more than one child, you have a separate entitlement to bereavement leave for each child who has passed away. 5.4 Notice to take parental bereavement leave If you need to take parental bereavement leave within the first 56 days after your bereavement, you can take the leave straight away. You do not have to provide any notice. Please let your line manager and People Services know no later than when you are due to start work on the first day on which you wish to take leave or, if that is not feasible, as soon as you can. To take leave more than 56 days after your bereavement, please give your line manager at least one week's notice. 5.5 Changing your mind about taking parental bereavement leave You can cancel your planned leave and take it at a different time (within the 56 weeks after your bereavement). Where your planned leave was due to begin during the first 56 days after your bereavement, please let [your line manager/the HR department] know you no longer wish to take it before your normal start time on the first day of the planned leave. Where your leave was due to begin more than 56 days after your bereavement, please let [your line manager/the HR department] know at least one week in advance that you wish to cancel it. You cannot cancel any week of parental bereavement leave that has already begun. 5.6 Pay during parental bereavement leave To receive statutory parental bereavement pay, you must have: • at least 26 weeks' continuous employment with us by the week before the one in which your child/children passed away (and still be employed by us on the date of the bereavement); and • normal weekly earnings in the eight weeks up to the week before your bereavement of at least the lower earnings limit for national insurance contribution purposes. If you are unsure if you are entitled to