in their interactions with "families of missing persons" who seek precincts to report "missing persons" cases. An example of this kind of guidance is the sugges- tion to provide Arlete with an I.D., not only stated by the officer who took her mother's report, but also registered in the case's VPI. It is precisely through the articulation between advice, suggestions and guidance such as this one and the commit- ments, feelings and obligations they provoke in the so-called "families" that police officers manage "missing per- sons" cases reported to Rio de Janeiro precincts. If, from these agents' point of view, "missing persons" cases are "family affairs", it is precisely the "families" that end up managing them, through "beatings", guilt and commit- ments fixed on documents considered to be the least relevant in police units. Furthermore, what is particularly in- teresting is that this mode of management becomes effective because it finds its way on paper, starkly revealing that official documents "bear the double sign of the state's distance and its penetration into the life of the every- day" (Das and Poole, 2004, p.15). On the trail of police papers: ethnographic dialogues and final considerations In this article, we sought less to compare our "fieldwork" data than to render clear the profitability of documents in anthropological research. We did so by proposing a dialogue between recent theoretical-methodological discus- sions on the theme and two ethnographic accounts of studies carried out on the trail of police papers. Based on the option to deal with documents, our ethnographies addressed the notary character that is widely criticized in the lit- erature about Brazilian police units (Kant de Lima, 1995; Miranda et al, 2010; Misse, 2011, Vidal, 2013) in its positivi- ties. That is, instead of associating documentation practices with an alleged inefficiency that would prevent police investigations from being properly carried out, we sought to seriously consider the idea that writing is one of the most important activities and government technologies of state routines (Gupta, 2012; Das, 2007) and to explore its analytical potentiality. Thus, we argue that in order to understand police administration of "human trafficking for sexual exploitation" and "missing persons" cases we had to follow the paper and produce reflections that ques- tioned the tediousness, lack of symbolic richness and density of meaning attributed to documents (cf. Graeber, 2012). In following the paperwork routinely produced and handled by federal and state police officers, we could observe that they assign less importance to the documentation work they perform, whether by pointing out the inefficacy (or unimportance) of inquiries that "turn up nothing" or differentiating the activity of "merely filling out pieces of paper" from the investigative practices they should ideally privilege. Thus, they frequently delimit borders and hier- archies very similarly to how anthropologists traditionally conceived of and defined ethnographic practices: oppos- ing dealing with documents with "real" police work, characterized by street investigations and geared toward "actu- al crimes". As we know, the legitimacy and authority of anthropology, anchored in the