and Search DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW The policy, along with Stops and Stop and Search data, will be continuously monitored, and updated to ensure full compliance with legislation. All stop searches are required to be recorded by law. Wiltshire Police will make the best use of technology to ensure every use of a power to Stop and Search is recorded accurately and efficiently.. The force will continuously monitor the quality of Stop and Search and ensure the process is robust and quality assurance checks are highlighting any issues to drive improvements. Wiltshire Police will be open and transparent in our use of Stop and Search and welcomes scrutiny by independent organisations and our communities in how these powers are used. Members of the public will be given the opportunity to observe officers on duty, which might entail the conducting of Stop and Search, through the Ride Along Scheme. The Ride Along Scheme invites lay members of the public to apply to observe officers undertaking their everyday duties. Scrutiny Panels comprising members of the public and young people have been developed to review Stop and Search records and BWV on a regular basis. Wiltshire Police also has an internal panel which reviews Stop and Search information on a regular basis. Any issues raised by the panels will be directed to the force lead for stop search resolution. The panel will then receive feedback in relation to these issues. Feedback on how we perform our duties is important to us and will help improve the service we provide. Wiltshire Police expects its officers to treat all persons in a professional manner with respect and dignity . Complaints can be made through the following channels; • Contact Wiltshire Police in person, via letter, via phone or via the website • Contacting the Independent Office Police Complaints. Professional standards will monitor complaints and will deal with those in the appropriate manner. This policy will be reviewed bi-annually and will examine: feedback from the Stop and Search Scrutiny Panel, changes in legislation, judicial rulings, examples of good practice from other Forces or other organisations, changes in Home Office Circulars, developments with NPCC Policy Unit and representations made by individuals. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY This policy is owned by the ACC Local Policing and Partnerships (Stop and Search Strategic Lead) and the Stop and Search Tactical Lead Insp James Williams. All queries regarding this policy should be directed to Stop and Search Tactical Lead or the Force Policy Officer. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership Department Responsible: Operations - County Policy Owner/Author: Supt. Liz COLES / Ps 1909 Paul Harvey Technical Author: Andrew IRVING / Insp. James WILLIAMS Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC