people, objects, locations and events; Increased professionalism and understanding of the process of sharing information; Increased openness and transparency amongst partners which in turn will build confidence and trust; The lawful sharing of information APPLICABILITY. This policy applies to all police officers, police staff and OPCC staff. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE. This policy sets outs Wiltshire Police and OPCCÕs commitment to the sharing of information under the Home Office Code of Practice on the Management of Police Information. Data Protection Act 2018 UK GDPR Freedom of Information Act 2000 RELATED DOCUMENTS and Authorised Professional Practice. APP > Information Management > Sharing Police Information Home Office (2005) Code of Practice on Management of Police Information Information Management Policy Information Security Policy Data Protection Policy Freedom of Information Policy (APP) Information Risk Management Policy DATA PROTECTION AND FREEDOM OF INFORMATION. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT. This policy has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act 1998 and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this policy are responsible for ensuring that in its application, those to whom the policy applies, shall not receive less favourable treatment because of their age, colour, disability, ethnic or national origin, gender re-assignment, marital status, nationality, race, religion, sex or sexual orientation. This policy has been subject to an equality impact assessment and has been graded Low Impact. (This form is also available on the Forms and Templates page). APPENDIX A Sharing of Information where an Information Sharing Agreement is not in place. Points to Consider Details 1. Who is asking for the information? 2. Record here their name, position, organisation and contact details. 3. Have you verified the identity of the person requesting the information? 4. What information is being asked for, what purpose will it be used for? 5. Is the information being requested Personal information? 6. Does this information contain sensitive or confidential material as identified in law? 7. Has a legal gateway or a policing purpose to share information been established? 8. If yes, how do they want the information? 9. What ethical, personal or operational risks are likely to result from any decision to share this information, or may arise from a refusal to share? 10. Record your decision, how you made it and what information was shared. Name ÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ. Date ÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ Signature ÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ.. After disclosure, please attach a copy of this form to the original material/file or attach to the relevant NICHE record. ? Revision History Version Date Summary of Changes 7.0 15.04.2024 Review and update 7.0 26.04.2024 Policy adapted onto the new SharePoint policy template. Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE & POLICE AND CRIME COMMISSIONER Leave Procedure and Other Authorised Absences Date of Publication: November