include them in tenant satisfaction measures. 121. We also heard that it is not always clear to tenants who is responsible for responding to anti-social behaviour when they raise concerns. People do not know who to turn to, and what help and support to expect when they do. This has led to tenants feeling frustrated and voicing understandable concerns that some landlords fail to help or simply try to Ôpass the buckÕ. To help tenants and landlords we will clarify the different responsibilities that police, local authorities and their landlords have in tackling anti-social behaviour. We will make it clear to tenants who can give them the most appropriate support and assistance. This will include information on the Community Trigger arrangements (also known as the ASB Case Review). This gives victims of persistent anti- social behaviour reported to any of the main responsible agencies (such as local authorities, police or a landlord) the right to request a multi- agency case review of their case where a local threshold is met. Information about this process is published on GOV.UK. We will work with the National Housing Federation and Local Government Association to encourage social landlords to inform residents of their right to make a community trigger application, and where appropriate, that they act as an advocate in supporting tenants to take an application forward with the relevant authority. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 59 60 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 122. We recognise from discussions with agencies involved in tackling anti-social behaviour and from recent research studies that, in some cases, the perpetrators of anti-social suffer from mental health problems or have issues involving alcohol and drug use. In those cases, providing the right support and interventions can have a positive outcome in terms of preventing further offending behaviour. We will bring together a working group to shape our approaches to tackling this issue. For social landlords, linked to our proposals to review professional development, we will be looking at the training given to housing staff to increase their awareness and understanding of mental health issues. 123. We also know we need to do more to prevent acquisitive crime in social housing, such as burglary and theft. The £25m Safer Streets Fund34 aims to prevent such crimes from happening in the first place. The fund is investing in crime prevention plans in 52 communities across England and Wales many of which include social housing, and also include activity to tackle anti-social behaviour. 124. In addition, our National Design Guide, published in 2019, refers to the importance of designing out crime when developing new homes, and GovernmentÕs forthcoming guidance on producing local design codes will set out how homes and neighbourhoods must be designed with safety and security in mind by applying the principles of Secured by Design35. This includes using passive design measures, such as Ôeyes on the streetÕ and appropriate layouts for homes. 125. Finally, we know there