& Diversity 14.05.2021 2.0 JNCC 04.02.2021 2.0 Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Diversity Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc.): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Unison Aug/Nov 2020 The Federation Aug/Nov 2020 OPCC Implications of the Procedure Training Requirements No additional training required IT Infrastructure No additional IT Infrastructure required Template v4 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Personal Safety Training (Training Policy) Date of Publication: December 2018 Version: 4.0 Next Review Date: December 2019 POLICY STATEMENT This is Wiltshire PoliceÕs training policy which follows the College of Policing requirement for officers and identified police staff to undertake Personal Safety Training. This policy sets out the expectations and requirements in relation to the completion of Personal Safety Training. It also outlines the expectations upon managers to ensure their staff attend and the potential consequences of non-attendance on the individual officer and staff member. Initial Training The initial and refresher training in personal safety is based upon the role being performed. All initial and refresher training for police officers and police staff in personal safety is underpinned by the National Occupational Standard (NOS) - GC10 Managing Conflict. It is this standard which is integral to the Initial Police Learning and Development Programme (IPLDP) for the initial training of police officers and for the PCSO initial training programme. Different modules will be applied to the different role profiles as appropriate. Refresher Training Personal safety refresher training has to be delivered with such frequency as to maintain and develop skills and competence. Within Wiltshire Police the current policy is that all Police Officers, Special Constables, PCSOÕs, Detention Officers, Prisoner Escort Officers and Local Crime Investigators will undertake assessed Personal Safety Training on an annual basis unless exceptions apply (See below). All officers will undertake the same refresher training and will be assessed to the same level of competence. At the start of the PST refresher training, all officers must successfully pass the Job Related Fitness Test, Level 5.5 or the level required for the officers specialisation (JRFT), or the Alternative Fitness Test (Chester Treadmill test) prior to the start of PST training. (See JRFT and Health Screening). As officers have previously completed the fitness test, then they will not be required to run the fitness test to level 3 as a warm up but will complete a group warm up as directed by the training staff prior to commencing the fitness test. Officers of all ranks must attend within 12 months of their previous refresher training. As the annual refresher programme changes each year, each officer must undertake each annual refresher programme. Each officer must achieve competence to the required level and will be assessed against this standard. Any officer failing to achieve competence will be fully supported through a further course of instruction in an attempt to achieve competence. Personal safety refresher training is to be regularly completed