offence under the law of England and Wales if he or sheÑ (a) practises any form of deception with the intention of causing another person to leave the United Kingdom, and (b) intends the other person to be subjected to conduct outside the United Kingdom that is an offence under subsection (1) or would be an offence under that subsection if the victim were in England or Wales. [F61(3A) A person commits an offence under the law of England and Wales if he or she carries out any conduct for the purpose of causing a child to enter into a marriage before the childÕs eighteenth birthday (whether or not the conduct amounts to violence, threats, any other form of coercion or deception, and whether or not it is carried out in England and Wales).] (4) ÒMarriageÓ means any religious or civil ceremony of marriage (whether or not legally binding). (5) ÒLacks capacityÓ means lacks capacity within the meaning of the Mental Capacity Act 2005. [F62(5A) ÒChildÓ means a person under the age of 18 years.] (6) It is irrelevant whether the conduct mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) [F63or subsection (3A)] is directed at the victim of the offence under [F64either of those subsections] or another person. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 10 Ð Forced marriage CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 101 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (7) A person commits an offence under subsection (1) or (3) only if, at the time of the conduct or deceptionÑ (a) the person or the victim or both of them are in England or Wales, (b) neither the person nor the victim is in England or Wales but at least one of them is habitually resident in England and Wales, or (c) neither the person nor the victim is in the United Kingdom but at least one of them is a UK national. [F65(7A) A person commits an offence under subsection (3A) only ifÑ (a) the conduct is for the purpose of causing the child to enter into a marriage in England or Wales, (b) at the time of the conduct, the person or child is habitually resident in England and Wales, or (c) at the time of the conduct, the child is a United Kingdom national whoÑ (i) has been habitually resident in England and Wales, and (ii) is not habitually resident or domiciled in Scotland or Northern Ireland.] (8) ÒUK nationalÓ means an individual who isÑ (a) a British citizen, a British overseas