Whether or not the discharge current from the Taser X26 or M26 is able directly to influence heart rhythm remains controversial. Additional human experimental studies with these devices 8 Rapid ventricular pacing is a technique used clinically in an effort to induce ventricular tachycardia (VT). Induction of VT in this way would be rare in patients with normal hearts. 9 Brugada syndrome is an inherited heart rhythm disorder that can lead to sudden unexpected cardiac death in apparently healthy individuals. http://www.brugada.org/about/about.html (retrieved 25 Feb 2011). 10 Kim, PJ and Franklin, WH (2005). N Engl J Med 353:958-9; Naunheim, RS et al (2010). Emerg Med J 27:645-6. 11 Multerer, S et al (2009). Pediatr Emer Care 25:851-3. 12 Baldwin, DE et al (2010). J La State Med Soc 162:291-5. 5 should help to clarify the risk from discharge applied to the frontal chest through skin-embedded Taser barbs. Adverse cardiac or respiratory outcomes triggered by the physiological stress imposed by the Taser discharge 22. The physiological impact of Taser discharge, combined with the stressful and emotionally charged circumstances in which Tasers (as well as other forms of less-lethal force) are likely to be used, have the potential to precipitate adverse cardiac effects in individuals with underlying heart conditions. 23. Adverse effects from application of Taser discharge or other forms of force could range from angina, arrhythmia or myocardial infarction through to sudden cardiac death in extreme cases. * Sudden cardiac death can strike at any age and has been associated with coronary atherosclerosis, dilated cardiomyopathy, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia/cardiomyopathy and myocarditis.13 In many cases no structural abnormality is evident, which may implicate Òcardiac channelopathyÓ as the predisposing mechanism.13 * Sudden cardiac death has been defined as an out-of-hospital death caused by any cardiac condition that occurs within one hour of onset of symptoms.13 24. Some drugs used in the treatment of certain mental health conditions exert effects on the heart that may predispose to an adverse cardiac event. For example, some antipsychotic and antidepressant drugs can induce electrocardiographic changes (Q-T interval prolongation) that have been associated with the development of potentially lethal arrhythmias.14 25. Intoxication with recreational drugs, including cocaine, ecstasy and methamphetamine, has been associated with cardiac complications.15 Hence, the threshold for development of cardiac adverse outcomes in drug-intoxicated individuals subjected to Taser discharge or other types of force may be lowered. 26. Trigger factors known to acutely exacerbate asthma include strong emotions and exercise,16 both of which may be present in asthmatic persons in the circumstances in which Taser or other form of force is deployed. Interaction of the Taser discharge current with cardiac pacemakers and other implantable devices 27. The effect of Taser discharge on the functioning of cardiac pacemakers and implantable cardioverter defibrillators has been recently reviewed.17 The authors concluded that the evidence indicated that discharges from the conducted energy devices like the Taser do not exert effects on device function that would be injurious to health. 13 Fishbein, MC (2010). Cardiovasc Pathol 19:326-8. 14 http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/575632_4