to http://www.uclan.ac.uk/research/ All outputs in CLoK are protected by Intellectual Property Rights law, including Copyright law. Copyright, IPR and Moral Rights for the works on this site are retained by the individual authors and/or other copyright owners. Terms and conditions for use of this material are defined in the http://clok.uclan.ac.uk/policies/ Calls for Police Service: Understanding the demand profile and the UK police response. Dr. Laura Boulton Policing and Criminal Investigation, School of Forensic and Applied Science, University of Central Lancashire, Preston, PR1 2HE, email: lboulton1@uclan.ac.uk, tel: 00 44 (0)1772 894386 Dr. Michelle McManus1 Policing and Criminal Investigation, School of Forensic and Applied Science, University of Central Lancashire, Preston, PR1 2HE, email: mamcmanus@uclan.ac.uk, tel: 00 44 (0)1772 894154 Lauren Metcalfe Policing and Criminal Investigation, School of Forensic and Applied Science, University of Central Lancashire, Preston, PR1 2HE, email: LMetcalfe@uclan.ac.uk David Brian Policing and Criminal Investigation, School of Forensic and Applied Science, University of Central Lancashire, Preston, PR1 2HE, email : djbrian@uclan.ac.uk, tel: 00 44 (0) 1772 893539 Ian Dawson T/Superintendent Ð Head of Corporate Development & Futures, HQ Operations, Lancashire Constabulary | Preston PR4 5SB, email: ian.dawson@lancashire.pnn.police.uk Tel: 00 44 (0) 1772 412613 1 Corresponding author Author Biographies Dr. Laura Boulton Laura is a Lecturer in Policing at University of Central Lancashire (UCLan). She completed her PhD in 2014 exploring how expertise, cognitive executive functioning, neuropsychology and human factors influence the decision making of Authorised Firearms Officers in order to develop a model of decision making during armed confrontations. Providing an evidence base that can be practically utilised by Police practitioners to impact change in practice was the underlying motivation for this research. Throughout her PhD she worked in collaboration with Merseyside Police, North West Ambulance Service and Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service. She now lectures on MasterÕs Degree programmes at UCLAN. Dr. Michelle McManus Senior Lecturer at University of Central Lancashire (UCLan). Completed her PhD in 2012 exploring risk factors for child sexual abuse within indecent image of children offending. Her doctoral research assisted with the creation of KIRAT (Kent Internet Risk Assessment Tool), a risk management tool for use by the police to assess the risk of contact abuse in those individuals accessing indecent images of children. This was rolled out for national use by CEOP in 2012. Due to the number of domestic abuse research projects completed with various constabularies across the UK, Dr. McManus sits on various groups such as: College of Policing Domestic Abuse Risk Assessment Task Force Group, Homicide Working Group Child Death Subgroup and Lancashire Evidenced Based Research Group. She is also Director of Studies for 3 PhD students exploring various aspects of Domestic Abuse. Lauren Metcalfe Having studied in the field of policing for the past 7 years, Lauren has enthusiastically worked to undertake and promote Evidence Based Policing research. Lauren is currently submitting her PhD thesis surrounding the nature of gang related gun crime in Preston, Lancashire; assessing the complexities of the issue, profiling the individuals involved and working towards more effective