2 2 HO3 Plate38,39 1 1 HO4 Plate 2 1 SG1 Plate 1 1 Extended coverage 1 1 F = front panel; B = back panel; dark grey boxes Ð no panels required. Table 19: Quantities of armour required for knife/spike PQT Protection level Panel type Size (all front) Small Medium Large KR1 or KR2 Unformed 1 1 Formed 1 1 KR1 + SP1 or KR2 + SP2 Unformed 1 1 Formed 1 1 Extended Coverage 1 1 10.3.2. Unformed armour A minimum of three large panels are required for ballistic testing with two panels required for stab testing in accordance with the methods outlined in Section 10.5.1 and 10.6.1 respectively. 10.3.3. Formed armour For formed armour, two small and two large front panels shall be submitted for ballistic testing in accordance with Section 10.5.2. For stab testing, one large and one small panel shall be submitted for testing in accordance with Section 10.6.2. 38 Plates shall be supplied with associated soft armour submitted in certification. 39 PQT requirements for plates intended for female end-users are given in Section 10.3.4. Alongside this, if the formed armour has equivalent certified unformed armour of the same construction, this shall be submitted for testing in accordance with Section 10.5.1 and/or Section 10.6.1 for ballistic and stab testing respectively. If this unformed armour has been separately tested for PQT in the previous six months, additional testing is not required. Conversely, if the formed armour does not have equivalent certified unformed armour of the same construction, an associated certified back panel of equivalent construction shall be submitted for PQT in accordance with unformed armour test methods. These unformed panels shall be produced solely for the purpose of PQT CPA assessments. 10.3.4. Plates One plate, either standalone or in conjunction with certified soft armour backing, shall be submitted for each ammunition type, tested in accordance with the methods outlined in Section 10.5.3. If the plate is intended for female end-users, two large front plates (with certified soft armour) shall be tested on the large female Plastiline¨ 40 shaped backing following the test methods outlined in Section 10.5.3. Any such plate must have an equivalent certified plate tested in PQT on Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 front and back male torso-shaped backing materials in accordance with the submission requirements in Table 18 and test methods outlined in Section 10.5.3. If this plate has been separately tested for PQT to these methods in the previous six months, additional testing is not required. Each plate construction (with or without certified soft armour) shall have independent production thresholds and shall be assessed independently. The performance of the plate element in one construction does not directly affect other constructions using this plate. 10.3.5. Extended coverage panels One small and one large extended coverage panel shall be submitted for each ballistic protection level and stab protection type. These panels shall have an equivalent certified unformed armour of the same construction that has been be submitted for testing in accordance with Section 10.5.1 and/or