so, (2) whether a prosecution is in the public interest. 3.1.5 Significant Harm In the case of B and G (Children) (No 2), the President of the Family Division concluded that all types of FGM (including Type 4) constitute Òsignificant harmÓ for the purposes of family law. Professionals should, therefore, have regard to their wider safeguarding responsibilities in relation to FGM as well as to the statutory duty in section 5A of the 2003 Act. 3.1.6 Exemptions Under the 2003 Act In strict anatomical terms, there is little to distinguish some of the procedures involved in carrying out FGM from those involved in carrying out legitimate surgery. The 2003 Act therefore contains general exemptions for: • a surgical operation performed by a registered medical practitioner which is necessary for a girlÕs physical or mental health; or • an operation performed by a registered medical practitioner or midwife (including a person undergoing training with a view to becoming a medical practitioner or midwife) on a girl who is in labour or has just given birth, for purposes connected with the labour or birth. These exemptions are set out in sections 1(2) and (3) of the 2003 Act. Section 1(5) of the 2003 Act provides that for the purposes of determining whether an operation is necessary for the mental health of a girl it is immaterial whether she or any other person believes that the operation is required as a matter of custom or ritual. So FGM could not legally occur on the ground that a girlÕs mental health would suffer if she does not follow the prevailing custom of her community. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 19 3.1.7 Re-Infibulation Re-infibulation is when the raw edges of the FGM wound are sutured again following childbirth, recreating a small vaginal opening similar to the original FGM Type 3 appearance. Section 1 of the 2003 Act does not refer explicitly to re-infibulation but, as a matter of common sense, if it is an offence to infibulate it must equally be an offence to re-infibulate. The first prosecution for FGM in February 2015, which concerned an alleged act of re-infibulation, provides support for that view. Although the case did not result in a conviction, it is clear that the court, by agreeing that the evidence should be considered by a jury, proceeded on the basis that re-infibulation is covered by section 1 of the 2003 Act. 3.1.8 Female Genital Surgery The 2003 Act contains no specific exemption for ÔcosmeticÕ surgery or female genital cosmetic surgery (FGCS). If a procedure involving any of the acts prohibited by section 1 of the 2003 Act is not necessary for physical or mental health or is not carried out for purposes connected with childbirth then it is an offence (even if the girl or woman on whom the procedure is carried out consented). The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists is clear in its guideline Ô(Female Genital Mutilation and its Management (Green-top Guideline No. 53)Õ, published