and safety representatives; • enforcing authorities; and • all other people who have a role in ensuring fire safety in offices and shops. If your premises are listed as of historic interest, also see Appendix C. Fire safety is only one of many safety issues with which management must concern themselves to minimise the risk of injury or death to staff or the public. Unlike most of the other safety concerns, fire has the potential to injure or kill large numbers of people very quickly. This guidance is concerned only with fire safety but many of the measures discussed here will impact upon other safety issues, and vice versa. It is recognised that these various differing safety demands can sometimes affect one another and managerment should consult other interested agencies (e.g. Health & Safety Executive (HSE)) where necessary to confirm that they are not contravening other legislation/guidance. 4 You can get advice about minimising fire losses from your insurer. THE FIRE SAFETY ORDER Previous general fire safety legislation The Order1 replaces previous fire safety legislation. Any fire certificate issued under the Fire Precautions Act 19712 will cease to have any effect. If a fire certificate has been issued in respect of your premises or the premises were built to recent building regulations, as long as you have made no material alterations and all the physical fire precautions have been properly maintained, then it is unlikely you will need to make any significant improvements to your existing physical fire protection arrangements to comply with the Order.1 However, you must still carry out a fire risk assessment and keep it up to date to ensure that all the fire precautions in your premises remain current and adequate. If you have previously carried out a fire risk assessment under the Fire Precautions (Workplace) Regulations 1997,3 as amended 1999,4 and this assessment has been regularly reviewed then all you will need to do now is revise that assessment taking account of the wider scope of the Order1 as described in this guide. Your premises may also be subject to the provisions of a licence or registration (e.g. under the Licensing Act 200378) of the case, and the fire authority may wish to review your risk assessment as part of the licensing approval process. Fire safety conditions within your licence should not be set by a licensing authority where the Order1 applies. Background The Order1 applies in England and Wales. It covers general fire precautions and other fire safety duties which are needed to protect Ôrelevant personsÕ in case of fire in and around most ÔpremisesÕ. The Order requires fire precautions to be put in place Ôwhere necessaryÕ and to the extent that it is reasonable and practicable in the circumstances of the case. Responsibility for complying with the Order1 rests with the Ôresponsible personÕ. In a workplace, this is the employer and any other person who may have control of any part of the premises, e.g. the occupier or owner. In all other premises