or more other persons to improveÑ (a) the efficiency or effectiveness ofÑ (i) that policing body, (ii) the police force which that policing body is responsible for maintaining, or (iii) that body and that force, and (b) the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more other policing bodies and police forces. (2) If the policing body considers that there is a particular way in which the collaboration functions could be so exercised by the policing body and by one or more other particular persons (Òthe proposed collaborationÓ), the policing body must notify those other persons (the Òproposed partnersÓ) of the proposed collaboration. (3) The policing body, and the proposed partners notified under subsection (2) (the Ònotified proposed partnersÓ), must consider whether to exercise the collaboration functions to give effect to the proposed collaboration. (4) In considering whether to so exercise the collaboration functions, the policing body and the notified proposed partners must consider whether the proposed collaboration would be in the interests of the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more policing bodies or police forces. (5) Subsection (6) applies if all, or two or more, ofÑ (a) the policing body, and (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 85 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the notified proposed partners, (the Òagreeing partiesÓ) are of the view that the proposed collaboration would be in the interests of the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more policing bodies or police forces (if the agreeing parties were to exercise the collaboration functions to give effect to the proposed collaboration, or to give effect to it so far as it relates to them). (6) The agreeing parties must exercise the collaboration functions so as to give effect to the proposed collaboration, or to give effect to it so far as it relates to them. (7) In this section Òcollaboration functionsÓ means functions of policing bodies or chief officers of police under any of sections 22A to 23I (apart from this section).Ó. (3) After section 23F insertÑ Ò23FA Police functions that must be the subject of force collaboration provision (1) The Secretary of State may, by order, require a specified police function to be exercised in relation toÑ (a) all police areas, or (b) all police areas apart from any specified in the order, in accordance with police collaboration provision. (2) An order under this section may specify whether the specified police function is required to be exercised in relation to the specified police areas in accordance with police collaboration provision contained inÑ (a) a single collaboration agreement which relates to all of those police areas, or (b) a number of collaboration agreements which, between them, relate to all of