account, and identify exactly what they have accessed and what actions have been taken. If it is your user account that is logged as attempting an unauthorised or illegal action, you may be held responsible. It is in your interests to ensure that you safeguard your user account and password details at all times. In order to ensure compliance with legislation, regulations, contracts and its information security policies, the Force reserves the right to monitor user activities. 7. INFORMATION CLASSIFICATION, LABELLING AND HANDLING The ForceÕs Information Classification and Handling Policy provides you with the guidance you require to be able to do your job in a secure and responsible manner. The Information Management Policy applies to all information irrespective of its form, including electronic information, e.g. databases and files, computer media based information, e.g. stored on CDs, DVDs and USB devices, and paper based documents. All information that is handled by the Wiltshire Police and OPCC has a classification to determine the level of security it requires and the way in which it must be handled. For every document you produce, you are personally responsible for defining its classification on behalf of the Force. When you are classifying information, you must consider its sensitivity and how much protection it needs. Appropriate safeguards must be put in place to protect personal, sensitive and/or information classified under the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) (see Government Security Classification Guidance Handout for details). The extent of the safeguards should be in proportion to the degree of risk posed. When using the Wiltshire Police and OPCC information, you must handle it in a secure manner based upon its classification. 8. SECURE HANDLING OF MEDIA AND DOCUMENTATION Care must be taken to protect all documentation and computer media, e.g. DVDs, CDs and USB storage devices, containing sensitive and critical information, and measures must be taken to ensure secure storage, transit, copying, reuse and disposal of computer media and documentation. When exchanging information within the Force or between other Forces/trusted organisations, it is vital to assess the sensitivity of the information and handle it in accordance with any security classification and handling requirements and the ForceÕs Information Management Policy. When dealing with hard copy documents, always ensure that you are aware of their security classification and handling requirements. Sensitive documents should not be left unattended on desks, printers and other equipment where they are vulnerable to unauthorised access and theft. You must always lock sensitive computer media and documents away when left unattended. With the global messaging opportunities presented by Internet based email, users are specifically reminded that they must adhere to the Data Protection Act 2018 and UK General Data Protection Regulations (UK-GDPR) when transferring/sending personal data to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area. Personal data shall not be transmitted to a country or territory outside the UK unless that country or territory ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of