Authority (HTA) any other designated individual in relation to the HTA licence key staff from planning, resourcing and logistics teams Please note this list is not exhaustive and the MFCG group members will be dependent upon the incident and changing circumstances. See here for example aide memoire. Casualty bureau incident room The Casualty Bureau (CB) Incident Room is the central point where all information related to an incident is received, collated and assessed. This includes information about people believed to be involved in the incident. The CB Incident Room provides resources and a process to manage high-volume data, to identify key or critical information at the earliest opportunity. The CB Incident Room also provides a telephone line for the public to report people involved in an incident, as well as an online reporting facility, Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). This website can be used by the public to directly report information. It can also be used by police and other partner agencies to report people involved using the Investigative Triage Form (ITF), which is password- protected and predefined by the CB Manager. A CB Incident Room is likely to be activated when there is a significant demand from the public for information that exceeds normal force call-handling capabilities. It may also be activated by the SIM to receive a significant volume of information from the public (using the ITF). All police regions are required to have a CB Incident Room capability. All police forces can provide additional CB call-handling resources to support any other CB Incident Room upon a mutual aid request. All information received via the CB Incident Room telephone numbers and online via MIPP is recorded into a secure incident cloud-based account. This ensures that all information is collated in the same place. When the CB Incident Room is activated for a mass fatality incident, it manages all information in relation to the recovery, reconciliation, identification and repatriation of victims, as well as criminal investigation. For further information see Casualty Bureau Manager Suggested Initial Actions. For more information see the command, control and coordination section of the APP. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies 24/03/2025 DVI roles and responsibilities https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/disaster-victim-identification/dvi-roles-and- responsibilities Page DVI roles and responsibilities This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 11 February 2025 Written by College of Policing Disaster victim identification 16 mins read Senior identification manager DVI managers and personnel should have completed the College of Policing approved DVI courses relevant to their role. The senior identification manager (SIM) is a senior police investigator and leader responsible for managing all aspects of the identification process. The strategic commander appoints the SIM where there are fatalities or there is an expectation of fatalities. See SIM initial actions Responsibilities SIM responsibilities include: consulting with the senior investigating officer (SIO) assume overall responsibility for the management of the DVI process liaising with HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal setting a casualty bureau (CB)