one component of the general risk management process as set out in Figure 4.2. The dashed line represents transitions from one phase to another: the first phase is ÔcontextualisationÕ, the second Ôrisk evaluationÕ and the third Ôrisk treatmentÕ. It should be noted that there is no statutory requirement for Category 1 responders to perform the risk treatment step. However, it is described below for completeness and because, in practice, Category 1 responders are likely to use this step as a bridge to the emergency planning duty. 4.30. The risk assessment phases can be described as follows: o Contextualisation involves defining the nature and scope of the risk and agreeing how the risk management process will be undertaken o Risk evaluation covers the identification of those threats and hazards that present significant risks, analysis of their likelihood and impacts, and the combination of these values to produce overall risk scores. o o Risk treatment involves deciding which risks are unacceptably high, developing plans and strategies to mitigate these risks, and then testing the plans and any associated capabilities. The National Resilience Planning Assumptions (NRPAs) set national and regional figures for the common consequences of risk which should be planned for. Together with the Local Planning Assumptions Guidance, the NRPAs can be tailored to inform local plans and strategies. It is important to note that the Act does not require Category 1 responders to take action to reduce the likelihood of threats and hazards. Category 1 responders may decide to do this as part of their treatment of assessed risks but the Act only requires that emergency plans be developed: prevention and pre-emption lie outside its scope. 4.31. All three phases should be cyclical and interactive, involving the full range of stakeholders and allowing for review and updating. Moreover, the entire risk management process must be cyclical if it is to retain currency. Risks vary with changes in the context, changes in the hazards and threats, and changes in available emergency plans and capabilities. Thus, periodic reviews are required to ensure that these changes are captured, and then reflected in the risk assessment and emergency planning processes (see step 6, Annex 4A). Box 4.2: Consistency with UK and multi-LRF risk assessments Supporting the planning process 4.32. As Figure 4.3 illustrates, risk assessment should drive a standard emergency planning process, informing emergency plans (and BC plans) which are then tested through audit and validation exercises. Regular updating of the risk assessment 22 in turn leads to the revision of plans and further testing. A fundamental principle of emergency planning and business continuity planning is to address common consequences rather than different causes. As far as possible, flexible, generic plans may be developed to deliver the response capabilities for managing these consequences, whatever causes them. However, to ensure that these generic plans are commensurate with the risks, it is important that planning is underpinned by a risk assessment 22 that evaluates and prioritises those hazards and threats according to their associated risks. Figure 4.3: