discrepancies be deemed significant by CAST, the protective panels shall be sent to CAST for checks. Following construction assessments, the test facility shall store the panels for a period of six months post certification at which point they shall be returned to the manufacturer. CAST reserves the right to request any sample from the test facility for audit checks. 8.2. Construction assessments Following testing, each protective panel shall be removed from its cover and, where possible, physically separated to expose the individual material layers.36 At this stage, the construction methods and, where applicable, stitching patterns detailed in the technical file shall be assessed. Subsequently, the materials and layer constructions shall be assessed against those specified in the technical file. Any irregularities in construction shall be photographed and reported to CAST. 8.3. Reporting Details from the construction assessments shall be recorded in the template provided by CAST37 along with any associated relevant information (e.g. photographs). This spreadsheet shall be submitted with test reports on completion of testing. All test reports will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions Ôfor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all partiesÕ and kept on record for a minimum of five years. 36 In instances where an adhesive has been used and it is not possible to separate the layers, a visual assessment of construction shall be conducted. 37 Available on request to CAST. 9. Additional assessments 9.1. General requirements All additional assessments are optional; they may only be performed on certified armours. Testing shall be conducted in accordance with PQT submission requirements, test methods and assessment criteria (Section 10). All testing must be conducted at a CAST accredited independent test facility (Appendix C). 9.2. Pre-conditioning 9.2.1. Wet testing The cover of a body armour protective panel submitted for wet testing shall be cut on the body side from the centre neck line to the base. The armour shall then be submerged vertically in de-ionised water at 15 to 20¡C for a period of 15 ± 3 min. The specimen shall then be removed and hung vertically with minimal support for 5 minutes in an area complying with the conditions in Section 6.4.1 prior to testing. The first shot shall be conducted within 5 minutes of the end of the drying period and the final shot no more than 45 minutes later. 9.2.2. Extreme temperature testing Protective panels submitted for extreme temperature testing shall be pre-conditioned in an environmental chamber for 24 ± 2 hours at either: • 50 ± 5¡C • -20 ± 2¡C Following pre-conditioning, the protective panels shall be removed from the environmental chamber and hung in an environment complying with the conditions specified in Section 6.4.1 for 30 ± 5 minutes prior to testing. The first shot shall be conducted within 5 minutes of the end of the conditioning period and the final shot no more than 45 minutes later. 9.3. Reporting On completion of testing, the reports shall