area in which the place or area already specified is situated.Ó (9) In section 103F (interim sexual harm prevention orders)Ñ (a) after subsection (3A) (inserted by section 173 of this Act) insertÑ Ò(3B) An interim sexual harm prevention order may require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order (see section 103FA for further provision about such a requirement).Ó, and (b) in subsection (4) for ÒSuch an orderÓ substitute ÒAn interim sexual harm prevention orderÓ. (10) After section 103F insertÑ Ò103FA SHPOs and interim SHPOs: electronic monitoring requirements (1) Subsections (2) and (3) apply for the purpose of determining whether a court may impose, under section 103C(4B) or section 103F(3B), an electronic monitoring requirement on the defendant in a sexual harm prevention order or interim sexual harm prevention order. (2) If there is a person (other than the defendant) without whose co-operation it would be impracticable to secure the monitoring in question, the requirement may not be imposed without that personÕs consent. (3) The court may impose the requirement only ifÑ (a) it has been notified by the Secretary of State that electronic monitoring arrangements are available in the relevant area, and (b) it is satisfied that the necessary provision can be made under the arrangements currently available. (4) In subsection (3)(a) Òthe relevant areaÓ meansÑ (a) the local justice area in which it appears to the court that the defendant resides or will reside, and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 219 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in a case where it is proposed to include in the orderÑ (i) a requirement that the defendant must remain, for specified periods, at a specified place, or (ii) a provision prohibiting the defendant from entering a specified place or area, the local justice area in which the place or area proposed to be specified is situated. ÒSpecifiedÓ means specified in the sexual harm prevention order or interim sexual harm prevention order under which the electronic monitoring requirement is imposed. (5) A sexual harm prevention order or interim sexual harm prevention order that includes an electronic monitoring requirement must specify the person who is to be responsible for the monitoring. (6) The person specified under subsection (5) (Òthe responsible personÓ) must be of a description specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (7) Where a sexual harm prevention order or interim sexual harm prevention order imposes an