the United Kingdom, to be proved at either the London or Birmingham Proof House (Section 122 of the 1868 Act). 185 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law This does not apply to any small arm imported by any person for their own personal use whilst it is in their possession. In such a case, the proof is the responsibility of the possessor. 23.4 For each offence committed, every person shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine, and on conviction on indictment to a fine (see Section 122 of the 1868 Act). If it should come to notice that firearms which do not bear recognised proof marks are being dealt with in any way, the fact should be communicated to the Proof Master at one of the addresses above. 23.5 It should be noted that the word ÒbarrelÓ, as defined in Section 4 of the 1868 Act, includes the breech or any part of the arm in, from or through which all or any part of the charge would be fired. Illustrations of all the proof marks that are at present recognised in the United Kingdom may be obtained from either of the proof houses listed above. They can also provide a small booklet (ÒNotes on the proof of shot guns and other small armsÓ), at a nominal cost. This covers the law and procedure of proof, and provides examples of a broad range of proof marks. 23.6 Section 129 of the 1868 Act (convention proof marks) provides for the registration at the Proof Houses of Birmingham and London of the proof marks of a foreign state which has a public proof house established by law and recognised by the Permanent International Commission for the Proof of Small Arms (CIP). 23.7 Section 130 of the 1868 Act also provides that barrels bearing duly registered proof marks of a foreign state shall be exempt from the liability to prove. If the barrel is altered by any means except user wear and tear so that it no longer represents the proof to which it would be subject in the official proof house of the state in question, it shall cease to be exempt. 186 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 24: Surrender and disposal of firearms and ammunition 24.1 This chapter offers definitions of both surrender and disposal, and provides general advice to police forces on how to deal with firearms and ammunition that are handed over to them. It then goes on to look at how to handle the receipt of antiques and firearms of particular historic interest. Definitions 24.2 No obstacle should be placed in the way of a person who wants to surrender firearms or ammunition to the police. Surrender might suggest illegal possession although this may not always be the case. Persons anxious to dispose of firearms and ammunition should be allowed to hand them in at a police station. Disposal might suggest unwanted/unusable firearms held on certificate although it is lawful to dispose of these through a