work done on SPLIT days, is entirely a matter of agreement between you and your line manager. SPLIT days are optional, but these are a really good opportunity for you to: • Meet with your line manager to discuss any key team, functional, organisational changes including how these may affect you • Join any team meetings to keep in touch with colleagues, meet new ones • Discuss any potential flexible working arrangements you would like him/her to consider prior to your return to work. • Assess any training required prior to your return • Discuss what a transition back to work will look like • Sort any equipment/uniform requirements in good time for return Any work carried out on a day constitutes one day's work. Accordingly, if you were to attend for example a one-hour training course, this will count as one of the 20 days available. Individuals cannot insist on being able to carry out work during shared parental leave. Similarly, the organisation cannot require you to carry out work during shared parental leave. SPLIT days worked do not extend the total duration of any period of shared parental leave. Reasonable contact between an individual and their employer during a period of shared parental leave does not count as work during a period of shared parental leave. You will continue to receive pay under the enhanced shared parental pay scheme for any week during which you attend work for SPLIT days. You will also receive an additional payment for each hour that you work during a SPLIT day at your usual hourly rate. If you are only entitled to receive statutory shared parental pay for any week during which you attend work for SPLIT days, you will still receive this in the usual way. In addition, we will also pay you for each hour that you work during a SPLIT day at your usual hourly rate. You can claim payment for SPLIT days by completing FORM SPL-H and submitting it to the Payroll Helpdesk. 7.20 Returning to Work You have the right to resume working in the same job when returning to work from shared parental leave if the period of leave, when added to any other period of shared parental leave, statutory maternity leave or statutory paternity leave taken by you in relation to the same child, is 26 weeks or less. If you are returning to work from shared parental leave and the period of leave taken is more than 26 weeks, when added to any other period of shared parental leave, statutory maternity or paternity leave taken in relation to the same child, or was the last of two or more consecutive periods of statutory leave that included a period of ordinary parental leave of more than four weeks, or a period of additional maternity leave, you have the right to return to the same job unless this is not reasonably practicable. In these circumstances, if it is not reasonably practicable for the organisation to permit