will determine the wishes of the family and/or bereaved regarding repatriation of the deceased person and their personal property. This information is then given to HM coroner or procurator fiscal and the SIM. If the deceased is a foreign national, the deceased personÕs embassy or consul may advise the repatriation officer of the wishes of the next of kin. There are strict international rules in respect of the carriage of a deceased person or human remains abroad. An undertaker with the necessary experience should be consulted. If appropriate, the undertaker should complete the necessary forms and procedures on behalf of the repatriation officer and the next of kin. ÔOut of EnglandÕ authority guidance Regardless of how or when a death occurred, the next of kin may wish to remove a deceased person or human remains from England and Wales for burial or cremation elsewhere. In these circumstances, HM coroner or procurator fiscal should be asked to grant an ÔOut of EnglandÕ authority. HM coroner or procurator fiscal will consider any request and make a judicial decision on whether the deceased person or human remains can be released, or whether they need to be retained. The ÔOut of EnglandÕ authority should contain the unique reference number(s) allocated to that deceased person or human remains during the victim recovery process. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies https://www.college.police.uk/app/investigation/investigative-interviewing/reference-material-national- policing-position-papers Page Reference material Ð National policing position papers This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 17 November 2020 Written by College of Policing Investigative interviewing 1 min read These position statements provide practical guidance and support to operational officers and staff conducting, supervising or advising investigative interviewing. They have been developed by subject matter experts and experienced, skilled practitioners with the support of the National Crime Agency and College of Policing. They are reference material endorsed by the National Policing Lead for Investigative Interviewing. Prepared statements Urgent interviews Witness intermediaries Sentencing guidelines TICs (taken into consideration) Truth and lies DNA and fingerprints Interview supporters Interviewing child witnesses in major crime Defence witnesses Remote monitoring Self-administered interview tool Use of polygraphs Necessity to arrest Voluntary interviews Pre-interview briefings Back to Investigative interviewing overview Tags Investigation Investigative interviewing 24/03/2025 Reference material Ð National policing position papers https://www.college.police.uk/app/investigation/investigative-interviewing/reference-material-national- policing-position-papers Page Reference material Ð National policing position papers This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 17 November 2020 Written by College of Policing Investigative interviewing 1 min read These position statements provide practical guidance and support to operational officers and staff conducting, supervising or advising investigative interviewing. They have been developed by subject matter experts and experienced, skilled practitioners with the support of the National Crime Agency and College of Policing. They are reference material endorsed by the National Policing Lead for Investigative Interviewing. Prepared statements Urgent interviews Witness intermediaries Sentencing guidelines TICs (taken into consideration) Truth and lies DNA and