and large panels). No additional ÔedgeÕ shots are mandated for formed armour. 6.5. Unformed armour testing 6.5.1. Backing material preparation Steel trays measuring 420 ? 350 ? 100 mm (length ? width ? height) (drawing ref. M100866), open on one large face only, shall be filled with Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 (Sculpture House, FL, USA) backing material.23 The backing material in each tray shall be manipulated to ensure no air gaps exist. A smooth, flat top surface shall be produced by scraping the material level with the surface plane defined by the edges of the steel tray. The trays shall be marked with the date they were filled with fresh, out of the packet, Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 and a unique reference. The contents of the tray shall be disposed of no more than six months after this date. The backing material trays shall be conditioned in a heated enclosure prior to the start of testing. The temperature shall be set so that the response of the backing material meets the calibration requirements outlined in Section 6.5.2. 6.5.2. Calibration methods After conditioning of the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1, calibration shall be carried out using the equipment and methods specified below: • Drop test sphere: steel sphere grade Ô100Õ. • Sphere diameter: 63.5 ± 0.05 mm. • Sphere mass: 1,043 ± 5 g. • Drop height: 2.00 ± 0.02 m. • Drop spacing: 75 mm minimum from the edge of the tray to the indent centre and 100 mm between indent centres. 23 Alternative modelling clays shall not be used. The calibration drop shall consist of a free fall of the sphere onto the backing material either using a guidance system (e.g. tube of length no greater than 200 mm) or a remote drop mechanism (e.g. electromagnet). A minimum of three drops shall be completed and the arithmetic mean depth of depression shall be 19 ± 2 mm measured from the top edges of the steel tray with no single indentation greater than 22 mm or less than 16 mm. If the backing material response is not within these limits, it should be re-conditioned and re-calibrated prior to use. Any testing using the calibrated backing material shall be conducted within 1 hour of calibration. After this point, the tray shall be re-conditioned in the heated enclosure. 6.5.3. Test methods 6.5.3.1. Mounting of unformed armour The Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 backing material tray shall be mounted vertically in the test area against a rigid upright support such that the line of flight of the bullet is perpendicular to its front face. A rigid extension support piece shall be mounted around the ballistic tray extending a minimum of 150 mm in each direction (drawing ref. M101273) (Figure 11). The unformed protective panel, outside of its carrier, shall be fastened to the front face of the backing material using two 50 mm wide hook and loop fabric straps. The edge of the straps shall be secured at least 50 mm from any shot location