help of a surrogate mother. 3.2 Adoption Meetings When you are matched with a child for adoption on or after 5 April 2015, you will be entitled to time off work to attend up to 5 adoption appointments (of up to six and a half hours for each appointment). In the case of joint adoptions, only one of you will be entitled to paid time off work to attend up to 5 adoption appointments (of up to six and a half hours for each appointment). Your partner will be entitled to unpaid time off work to attend up to 5 adoption appointments (of up to six and a half hours for each appointment). If only one of you is officially adopting the child, only the adopter is entitled to time off to attend adoption meetings. If you are eligible for and elect to take paid time off to attend adoption appointmentÕs, you will not be able to take adoption support leave in relation to the adoption of that child. It is, therefore, likely that the person who takes paid time off work to attend adoption appointments will also take adoption leave and pay. The partner of an adopter is not entitled to time off work (whether paid or unpaid) to attend adoption appointments unless you are jointly adopting a child. 3.3 Adoption - Notification Notification should be received by the organisation no more than 7 days after the date you were notified of the match of a child. You should complete the Form M3 of your intention to take Adoption Leave specifying the date on which the child is expected to be placed and the date you have chosen to begin your Adoption Leave. Adoption leave and pay do not apply to cases of adoption by stepparents and foster parents in respect of children previously living with the adoptive parents. Within 28 days of receiving notification Form M3 of your intended period of Adoption Leave, we will write to you, confirming how much Statutory Adoption Pay you will get, when it will start and when it will stop. Should you not be eligible, we will provide you with a Form SAP1 within 7 days confirming as to why you are not eligible. 3.4 Overseas adoptions You must notify us of the date of your Ôofficial notificationÕ and when you expect your child to arrive in the UK. You must usually do this within 28 days of getting the notification. (You can only take longer if youÕve been employed for less than 26 weeks and have therefore been unable to provide the full notification). You should complete the Form M3 of your intention to take Adoption Leave specifying the date on which the child is expected to arrive in the UK and the date you have chosen to begin your Adoption Leave. Within 28 days of receiving notification Form M3 of your intended period of Adoption Leave, we will write to you, confirming how much Statutory Adoption Pay you will get,