F361... or (d) of the 1996 Act [F362(temporary service of various kinds)]. (4) In this Part references, in relation to any conduct or to anything purporting to be a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public do not include references toÑ (a) a person who, at the time when the conduct is supposed to have taken place, was under the direction and control of the same chief officer as the person whose conduct it was; or (b) a person whoÑ (i) at the time when the conduct is supposed to have taken place, in relation to him, or (ii) at the time when he is supposed to have been adversely affected by it, or to have witnessed it, was on duty in his capacity as a person falling within subsection (3)(a) to (d). [F363(4A) In this Part references, in relation to anything purporting to be a complaint other than a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public include references to any person falling within subsection (3)(a) to (d) other than a person who isÑ (a) a member of the police force with which dissatisfaction is expressed, (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 69 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) a civilian employee of that police force, (c) a special constable who is under the direction and control of the chief officer of that police force, or (d) where dissatisfaction is expressed with the City of London police force, an employee of the Common Council of the City of London who is under the direction and control of the chief officer of that force.] (5) For the purposes of this Part a person is adversely affected if he suffers any form of loss or damage, distress or inconvenience, if he is put in danger or if he is otherwise unduly put at risk of being adversely affected. (6) References in this Part to the investigation of any complaint or matter by the appropriate authority on its own behalf, F364... under the [F365direction] of the [F366Director General] or by the [F366Director General]F367... shall be construed as references to its investigation in accordance with paragraph 16, F368... 18 or, as the case may be, 19 of Schedule 3. (7) The Commissioner of Police for the City of London shall be treated for the purposes of this Part as if he were a member of the City of London police force. [F369(8) References in sections 26, 26BA and 26C to England and Wales include the sea and other waters within the