ideal for implementing modules that address hidden curricula, as they effectively reach students who would benefit from them the most. Congress mandates that two-thirds of TRIO participants come from families with incomes at or below 150% of the federal poverty level and where neither parent has graduated from college. As a result, TRIO programs currently serve more than 880,000 first-generation and low-income students. Additionally, with $48.8 million in annual funding, including 114 program grants and sponsorships from 50 historically Black colleges and universities coupled with funds from EDÕs Higher Education Act, these programs have a proven track record of having the financial means to support underrepresented student populations and dismantle these hidden education barriers.7 In addition, research has shown that a simple, cost-effective intervention, such as a workshop, can effectively assess and address hidden curricula. The standardized workshop used in the study significantly improved students' understanding of hidden curricula and successfully improved their academic performance.8 Making hidden curricula explicit also helps build cultural capital, which is proven to boost academic success in higher education.9 Given these successful results, implementing similar workshops administered by existing federal mentorship programs should expect to yield similar results. By focusing on hidden curricula, TRIO can enhance its existing initiatives, ensuring that students not only gain access to educational opportunities but also develop the skills and knowledge needed to navigate the complexities and expectations of higher education. Highlights • Students from minority and low-income backgrounds face unequal learning opportunities and limited exposure to Òhidden curriculaÓ compared to their more affluent peers, perpetuating inequality in higher education. • Federal government mentorship programs such as TRIO, which are designed to help students overcome economic, social, academic, and cultural barriers in education do not address key elements of the hidden curriculum. • The federal government should revamp TRIO programs to focus on hidden curricula, offering targeted initiatives in financial literacy, networking, career readiness, and academic navigation to help students effectively engage with professors, syllabi, office hours, and campus resources. • Expanding federal TRIO programs to include initiatives on hidden curricula could better prepare students for the expectations of higher education, ensuring that low-income and first- generation students can successfully navigate the academic system. Implementation There is currently substantial bipartisan support for TRIO, demonstrated by the continuous support of increased funding by Congress. In 2023, a funding deal included a $54 million (4.7%) increase for TRIO in Fiscal Year (FY) 2023.10 Additionally, the Senate Appropriations Committee recently approved a FY25 funding bill for TRIO, raising its budget by $20 million over FY24. The bill passed with strong bipartisan support by a vote of 26-2.11 This reinforces the commitment to expanding the programsÕ impact and highlights the feasibility of revamping programs to address hidden curricula. Given this, there should be broad support for ED to revamp TRIO programs. Under the Every Student Succeeds Act, the federal government allocates Title I funds to educational facilities serving low-income student populations, determined primarily by federal census poverty estimates and the cost of education in