Location, Event) entities. It will identify the minimum required standard and flag any required formatting. It also includes a How ToÕ Guide (Annex C), a set of ÔDoÕs and DonÕtsÕ (Annex D), data validation criteria and data quality impact/enforcement information. This document will enable Wiltshire Police to measure, monitor and improve data quality and meet the requirements in relation to legislation and national guidance. It will outline the approach to regulate, control and improve the quality of police information for which the Force is responsible. Section 3: Applicability This document applies to all police officers and police staff (including the extended police family and those working voluntarily or under contract to Wiltshire Police) who are users of Niche RMS and must be aware of, and are required to comply with, this document. Section 4: Principles A key principle of recording police information is Ôright first time, every timeÕ. Information retrieved from police systems is only effective and of use if it is of a high quality, accurate and complete. The aim is to prevent the generation of poor quality data in the first instance, rather than having to mass check and correct after initial creation. All police information must conform to data quality principles. It must be: Accurate Specifically: • capture once and close to point of activity • spelt correctly or if numerical, then formatted correctly • be factual • know the source and clarify accuracy with them • consider standards and legislation (i.e. APP Information Management) • correct inaccurate information as soon as practicable • make checks for duplicate records • make links, where appropriate, to existing records Adequate Specifically: • be sufficient for purposes • • clear meaning for others Ð current and future use of the information • clear rationale for decision making • consider standards such as National Intelligence Model (NIM), MoPI and legislation such as the Data Protection Act (DPA) Relevant Specifically: • a policing or other business purpose must be established • be necessary and proportionate • not excessive • be reviewed and, where appropriate, disposed • opinions clearly distinguished from fact • valid across all relationships Timely Specifically: • recorded in the appropriate format, as soon as practicable • in line with local and national standards such as National Crime Recording Standard (NCRS) and National Standard for Incident Recording (NSIR) • make information available to others particularly consider the visibility of potential risks as soon as possible Compliance with these principles is the responsibility of everyone who enters new data or updates existing data in Niche RMS. Section 5: Information Recording Systems There are many different information recording systems across Wiltshire Police, such as STORM Command and Control, Niche Record Management System (RMS) and legacy databases such as Crime, Intel etc (searchable via FDS). Niche RMS is the largest live database and holds information relating to several different business areas: • Public Protection (child protection, domestic abuse, safeguarding adults and missing persons) • Intelligence • Case and Custody • Crime and Incidents