loss of life, illness or injury or serious social disruption). A significant link to the UK is required, so that at least one of the accused or the target computer at the time of the offence or the damage must have been in the UK, or the accused must be a UK national at the time of the offence and the conduct constitute an offence under the law of the country in which it occurred. The accused must have intended to cause the serious damage, or to have been reckless as to whether it was caused. EU Directive on Attacks against Information Systems (2013/40/EU) 6. The EU adopted a Directive on attacks against information systems in August 2013. The aim of the Directive is to establish a set of minimum rules within the European Union on offences and sanctions relating to attacks against information systems. It also aims to improve cooperation between competent authorities in Member States. 7. The Government has until 4 September 2015 to transpose the Directive into UK law. The UK is compliant with the Directive save in two respects: tools used for committing offences (Article 7) and jurisdiction (Article 12). The amendments in the Serious Crime Act address these gaps. Obtaining tools for use 8. Article 7 of the Directive covers the tools used to commit computer offences (for example malware). This Article states that Member States should have offences in their legislation to criminalise the intentional Òproduction, sale, procurement for use, import, distribution, or otherwise making availableÓ of tools with the intention that it is used to commit any of the further offences in the Directive. 9. Before the amendment to this offence, section 3A (making, supplying, or obtaining articles for use in offences under sections 1 or 3) of the 1990 Act covered all of the provisions under Article 7 with the exception of the offence of Òprocurement for useÓ of such tools. The prosecution was required to show that the individual obtained the tool with a view to its being supplied for use to commit, or assist in the commission of an offence under section 1 or 3 of the 1990 Act, in other words the offence required the involvement (or intended involvement) of a third party. 10. Section 42 of the Serious Crime Act now extends section 3A of the 1990 Act to include an offence of obtaining a tool for use to commit a section 1, 3 or 3ZA offence regardless of an intention to supply that tool Ð thus removing the requirement of the involvement, or intended involvement, of a third party and ensuring that the offence covers individuals acting alone. Extending the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the 1990 Act offences by nationality 11. Article 12 of the EU Directive covers jurisdiction and requires Member States to establish their jurisdiction with regards to a cyber offence being committed by one 1. of their nationals. Before the amendment, the arrangements for the extra territorial application of the offences (that is, the ability