of some or all of the separated seizable property for a purpose for which something seized under the power in question is capable of being used. Section 19(6) of the 1984 Act and Article 21(6) of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989 1341 (N.I. 12)) (powers of seizure not to include power to seize anything a person has reasonable grounds for believing is legally privileged) shall not apply to the power of seizure conferred by subsection (2). This section applies to each of the powers of seizure specified in Part 2 of Schedule 1. Notice of exercise of power under s. 50 or 51 (1) Where a person exercises a power of seizure conferred by section 50, it shall (subject to subsections (2) and (3)) be his duty, on doing so, to give to the occupier of the premises a written notice— specifying what has been seized in reliance on the powers conferred by that section; specifying the grounds on which those powers have been exercised; setting out the effect of sections 59 to 61; specifying the name and address of the person to whom notice of an application under section 59(2) to the appropriate judicial authority in respect of any of the seized property must be given; and specifying the name and address of the person to whom an application may be made to be allowed to attend the initial examination required by any arrangements made for the purposes of section 53(2). Where it appears to the person exercising on any premises a power of seizure conferred by section 50— that the occupier of the premises is not present on the premises at the time of the exercise of the power, but that there is some other person present on the premises who is in charge of the premises, 42 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if it required the notice under that subsection to be given to that other person. Where it appears to the person exercising a power of seizure conferred by section 50 that there is no one present on the premises to whom he may give a notice for the purposes of complying with subsection (1) of this section, he shall, before leaving the premises, instead of complying with that subsection, attach a notice such as is mentioned in that subsection in a prominent place to the premises. Where a person exercises a power of seizure conferred