within the LRF to compile Community Risk Register (CRR). Information required for Community Risk Register. c) Discussion with partners within the LRF regarding publication of the CRR Ð which can be done as part of warning and informing arrangements. Consistent approach to providing risk and warning information required across the partners. 11 Each cell (and each bullet point) indicates an act of co-operation and/or information sharing. 12 Regulation 4(4)(a) 13 The impact on Category 2 responders of the co-operation and information sharing requirements identified in Table 1 is discussed in paragraph 2.17 below and examined in more detail in Annex A. It should be noted that the emergency plans of some Category 2 responders will not be specific to a particular local resilience or local authority area. Procedures should be designed to match or dovetail across different planning frameworks. PAGE 9 A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Is information-sharing required? d) Discussion with partners regarding: • central government assessment of risk under capabilities programme; and • reports back to central government about risk registers. Information required to assist with interpreting the local impact of central government risk assessment. e) Discussion with partners about hazards and risks to support development by Category 1 responders of: • specific emergency plans; and • exercise scenarios. Information required to help define the nature and possible quantification of consequences addressed: • by Category 1 plans; and • in exercise scenarios. f) Risk meetings or discussions with infrastructure operators about business continuity plans Information from infrastructure operators and main suppliers about business continuity risks 2. Emergency Planning a) Direct discussion for Category 1 responders with partners to prepare • specific emergency plans; • multi-agency plans; and • LRF multi-agency plans. Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. b) Discussion for Category 1 responders with partners about: • specific emergency plans; • information required under the national capabilities survey. Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Is information-sharing required? 2. Emergency Planning c) Discussion for Category 1 responders with partners about design and delivery of training and of exercises for: • specific emergency plans; • multi-agency plans; and • LRF multi-agency plans. For scenario development. d) Discussion with partners about the design and delivery of training and of exercises for plan required by central government. For scenario development e) Updating of plans Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. 3. Business Continuity Plans a) Discussions with key infrastructure operators and main suppliers about procedures. Information from key infrastructure operators and suppliers about procedures. b) - Updated Business Continuity Plans 4. Warning and Informing a) Meetings for Category 1 responders with partners about the nature of hazard and risk, and type of messages to make public. Category 2 responders are likely to have responsibilities to provide information to the public under