The organisation provides employees with adequate and achievable demands in relation to the agreed hours of work. • PeopleÕs skills and abilities are matched to the job demands. • Jobs are designed to be within the capabilities of employees, and • Employees concerns about their work environment are addressed. Control The standard is that: • Employees indicate that they are able to have a say about the way they do their work, and • Systems are in place locally to respond to any individual concerns. What should be happening/states to be achieved: • Where possible, employees have control over their pace of work. • Employees are encouraged to use their skills and initiative to do their work • Where possible employees are encouraged to develop new skills to help them undertake new and challenging pieces of work. • The organisation encourages employees to develop their skills. • Employees have a say when breaks can be taken, and • Employees are consulted over their work patterns. Support The standard is that: • Employees indicate that they receive adequate information and support from their colleagues and superiors; and • Systems are in place locally to respond to any individual concerns. What should be happening/states to be achieved: • Systems are in place to enable and encourage managers to support their staff. • Systems are in place to enable and encourage employees to support their colleagues. • Employees know what support is available and how and when to access it. • Employees know how to access the required resources to do their job • Employees receive regular and constructive feedback, and • • The organisation has policies and procedures to adequately support employees. Relationships The standard is that: • Employees indicate that they are not subjected to unacceptable behaviours e.g. bullying at work • Systems are in place locally to respond to any individual concerns. What should be happening/states to be achieved: • The organisation promotes positive behaviours at work to avoid conflict and ensure fairness. • Employees share information relevant to their work. • The organisation has agreed policies and procedures to prevent or resolve unacceptable behaviour. • Systems are in place to enable and encourage managers to deal with unacceptable behaviour, and • Systems are in place to enable and encourage employees to report unacceptable behaviour. Role The standard is that: • Employees indicate that they understand their role and responsibilities; and • Systems are in place locally to respond to any individual concerns. What should be happening/states to be achieved: • The organisation ensures that, as far as possible, the different requirements it places upon employees are compatible. • The organisation provides information to enable employees to understand their role and responsibilities. • The organisation ensures that, as far as possible, the requirements it places upon employees are clear, and • Systems are in place to enable employees to raise concerns about any uncertainties or conflicts they have in their role and responsibilities. Change The standard is that: • Employees