the largest section (e.g. shoulder), additional strikes shall be taken. Should the manufacturer decide not to test the performance of this tapered zone, an area of full protection, defined by the manufacturer, shall be clearly marked on the product and be visible to the wearer (Figure 21). 7.10.3. Test methods Unless otherwise specified, a single strike shall be conducted on the centre of the panel at the E1 energy level. Tests and associated measurements shall be conducted in accordance with methods outlined for stab testing of unformed armour in Section 7.7. 7.10.4. Assessments Depth of penetration measurements from each knife and spike strike shall be assessed against the limits outlined in Table 13. 33 A digital image of each cut length, taken using the microscope, shall be stored on record. 7.10.5. Records The following information shall be recorded after each strike has been conducted and included in the test report: • Time at which strike performed. • Velocity measured 25 ± 2 mm from the surface, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Energy, measured in joules to one decimal place. • Ruler measurement for depth of knife penetration (where over specified limits), measured in millimetres to one decimal place. • Any spike perforation (if applicable). After all strikes have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Cut length of each knife strike (where below specified limits), measured using digital microscope in millimetres to two decimal places.34 • Depth of knife penetration, recorded in millimetres to two decimal places. • Mean velocity from all strikes in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Mean energy from all strikes in test series, recorded in joules to one decimal place. 7.11. Reporting Reporting of stab tests shall follow the template provided by CAST.35 This completed report shall be sent to CAST alongside any associated relevant information (e.g. photographs) on completion of tests. All test reports will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions Ôfor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all partiesÕ and kept on record for a minimum of five years. 34 A digital image of each cut length, taken using the microscope, shall be stored on record. 35 To be issued to test facilities in a separate file, as required. 8. Construction assessments 8.1. General requirements On completion of the ballistic and/or stab testing, all submitted protective panels shall be assessed by the test facility to ensure the construction is the same as declared in the redacted technical file (Section 3.6.3). Any discrepancies shall be recorded and reported to CAST and the manufacturer. Should these discrepancies be deemed significant by CAST, the protective panels shall be sent to CAST for checks. Following construction assessments, the test facility shall store the panels for a period of six months post certification at which point they shall be returned to the manufacturer. CAST reserves the right to request