or must not be done); (b) provide for those details to be supplied, after the giving of the caution, by a specified person or a person of a specified description. (10) A condition authorised by this section may not require a person to remain at their own or anyone elseÕs residence for any period of time. (11) In this section ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in the caution. 111 Financial penalty conditions (1) A condition requiring the offender to pay a financial penalty may be attached to a community caution with the object of punishing the offender. (2) The condition must specifyÑ (a) the amount of the financial penalty, (b) the person to whom the financial penalty must be paid, (c) how it must or may be paid, (d) the date on or before which the penalty must be paid, and (e) the consequences of non-payment. (3) The amount specified under subsection (2)(a) must not exceed an amount prescribed in regulations. (1) 124 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) Where the person specified under subsection (2)(b) is not the designated officer for a magistratesÕ court, once the penalty is paid to that person they must give it to such an officer. (5) The date specified under subsection (2)(d) must be the last day of the period of 28 days beginning with the day on which the caution is given. (6) If the financial penalty is not paid on or before the date specified under subsection (2) (d), the amount of the penalty required to be paid by the condition is increased by 50%. (7) Where subsection (6) applies, if the increased penalty is not paid within the period of 21 days beginning with the day after the date specified under subsection (2)(d), the amount of the increased penalty may be registered under section 112 for enforcement against the offender as a fine. 112 Enforcement of financial penalties: registration (1) The chief officer of police may, in respect of any amount registrable under section 111(7), issue a certificate (Òa registration certificateÓ)Ñ (a) giving particulars of the financial penalty, (b) stating that the amount is registrable for enforcement against the offender as a fine, and (c) stating the name and last known address of the offender. (2) The chief officer of police issuing a registration certificate must cause it to be sent to the designated officer for the local justice area in which the offender appears to the chief officer to reside. (3)