firmsÕ own plans); and o provision of an established BCM service. o 8.34. The Regulations also provide that local authorities may only charge for BCM advice and assistance on a cost-recovery basis.13 Local authorities may charge for the full cost of all the resources used in carrying out activities for which a charge is to be made, and a reasonable share of any research or documentation that underpins this service. The regulations do not permit local authorities to seek to make a profit from activities in this area. 8.35. Further guidance on charging policy can be found in the HM Treasury Fees and Charges Guide (http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk); however, local authorities will also want to consider the impact of their charging policy on the take-up of their advice and assistance. Risk assessment 8.36. The BCM programme should reflect the risk profile of the area. When developing a BCM promotion strategy and materials, the officer responsible should ask: What possible disruptions do organisations need to know about? What impacts might they have? Are there any locations or firms that are particularly vulnerable? 8.37. The Regulations require local authorities to Òtake into accountÓ the Community Risk Register (CRR) agreed by the Local Resilience Forum (LRF) when developing a business continuity promotion programme.14 It may also be necessary to consider risks outside the area that could impact upon businesses in a local authority area (e.g. major chemical plant in a neighbouring area), hence the requirement to have regard to Òany relevant risk registerÓ. 13 regulation 44 14 regulation 38 Developing collaborative arrangements Collaboration with other local authorities 8.38. The duty to provide advice and assistance in relation to BCM falls on all local authorities. The Regulations permit local authorities to enter into collaborative arrangements with other Category 1 or 2 responders (e.g. a Fire and Rescue Authority) in delivering the duty. 15 8.39. There are a number of options open to authorities in deciding how best to discharge their responsibility. This permissive approach gives local authorities the flexibility to decide how to make the best use of the skills, expertise, networks and resources available in an area. Working collaboratively could help ensure that efforts are co-ordinated and that economies of scale are achieved. There are a number of case studies with contacts contained in this guidance, at Box 8.3, which detail some of the ways that local authorities have discharged this duty in a cost effective and beneficial way to local businesses. This has been demonstrated by a measurable increase in website activity and engagement. 8.40. However, it remains the responsibility of each authority to ensure that the programme is delivered effectively, and its statutory duties are fulfilled. Whichever option - or mixture of options - is chosen, each authority should ensure that: o roles and responsibilities are clear; o clear review and evaluation mechanisms are in place; o the programme adequately reflects the diverse business needs and risk profile within an LRF area; and o elected members and senior officers are brought into the