another who resides in the dwelling. The officer may, so far as the officer thinks it necessary or expedient for the purpose of seizing the property under section 195C, require the person to— permit entry to the vehicle, permit a search of the vehicle. An officer exercising a power under subsection (4) may detain the vehicle for so long as is necessary for its exercise. A power conferred by this section may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 195G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. 195G “Appropriate approval” This section has effect for the purposes of sections 195C, 195D, 195E and 195F. The appropriate approval, in relation to the exercise of a power by an appropriate officer, means the approval of a lay magistrate or (if that is not practicable in any case) the approval of a senior officer. A senior officer means— in relation to the exercise of a power by an officer of Revenue and Customs, an officer of Revenue and Customs of a rank designated by the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs as equivalent to that of a senior police officer, in relation to the exercise of a power by a constable, a senior police officer, in relation to the exercise of a power by an accredited financial investigator, an accredited financial investigator who falls within a description specified in an order made for this purpose by the Secretary of State under section 453. A senior police officer means a police officer of at least the rank of inspector. 195H Exercise of powers without judicial approval An appropriate officer must give a written report to the appointed person in any case where— 70 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the officer seizes property under section 195C without the approval of a lay magistrate, and any of the property seized is not detained for more than 48 hours. An appropriate officer must also give a written report to the appointed person in any case where— the officer exercises any of the powers conferred by sections 195D, 195E and 195F without the approval of a lay magistrate, and no property is seized under section 195C. A report under this section must give particulars of the circumstances which led the officer to believe that— the powers were exercisable, and it was not practicable to obtain the approval of a lay magistrate. The appointed person means a person appointed for the purposes of