that are necessary to retain robust economic regulation. 88. There are some changes that can be made to the legislation to improve the ability of the Regulator of Social Housing to monitor all housing associations and other private registered providers. We will: • Tighten the definition of Ônon-profitÕ in relation to the registration of private registered providers to ensure landlords are properly classified and treated Ð for example, to ensure that the regulator properly designates providers, and that bodies really operating for profit do not attract the more favourable housing benefit status for supported housing. • Require landlords to notify the Regulator of Social Housing when there is a change in control of a housing association. • Introduce a Ôlook-throughÕ power that would enable the regulator to follow money paid to bodies outside of the regulated sector and who are therefore not directly regulated. The power would, for example, enable the regulator to investigate potential fraud by examining the financial accounts of organisations thought to be financially benefiting from a registered provider. We will consider further the checks and safeguards needed so that there is no misuse of the power on organisations or individuals that are not part of the regulated sector. 20 https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/sector-risk-profiles 21 Lease-based providers of specialised supported housing Ð Addendum to the Social Risk Profile 2018, April 2019 44 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 45 Chapter 5: To have your voice heard by your landlord 46 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper The best landlords engage well with their residents and listen to them with respect. We have recently seen many examples of effective engagement with residents on how their homes are managed and run. This includes the Right to Manage initiative and important work done by tenant led organisations such as the Tenant Participation Advisory Service and the See the Person campaign. It also includes work many landlords did during COVID-19. But performance across the sector is not consistent. We heard from residents how important it was their landlords really listened to them. And we heard examples of residents feeling patronised, ignored or treated with disrespect. We want to change this. This chapter explains how we will ensure residents are heard. We will: • Expect the Regulator of Social Housing to require landlords to seek out best practice and consider how they can continually improve the way they engage with social housing tenants. • Deliver a new opportunities and empowerment programme for social housing residents, to support more effective engagement between landlords and residents, and to give residents tools to influence their landlords and hold them to account. • Review professional training and development to ensure residents receive a high standard of customer service. Improving landlord engagement 89. Engagement can take many forms, but the crucial factor is that it is tailored appropriately. There will be tenants who want to proactively engage with the