particularly terrorist events, where the consequences would include mass fatalities and casualties could be unsettling and upsetting. However, there is a clear need to strike a balance between not causing public alarm and providing necessary information to enable people to understand the threat and respond in an appropriate manner in the event of an incident occurring. There is no evidence to suggest the public panics when receiving information. They want to feel they have all the relevant facts so that they can take informed decisions. Communication needs to be handled sensitively. Responders should use clear terminology, providing factual information which avoids sensationalism or emotive language. The content should not be overly negative or graphic, and should be as brief as possible to avoid confusing or overwhelming readers. 29 regulations 27, 30 Relevant research includes: Sussex University Social Psychology Sussex psychologist Dr John Drury has published the first social-psychological study of crowd reactions among survivors of the London bombings on 7 July 2005. One of the key findings in the research was that Ð Òthere was no Ômass panicÕ and little selfishness, despite the fact that people felt in danger of death, saw little hope of escape and were mostly among strangers.Ó Research has found evidence that, in emergencies, rather than panic, some people have a delayed reaction to alarm signals and warning signs. To counter this, researchers have suggested that traditional alarms could be replaced by more advanced mass communication tools, such as public- address systems and LED screens, to inform the evacuating crowd of the seriousness and location of danger. www.sussex.ac.uk/affiliates/panic/index.html NATO guidelines on psychosocial care for people affected by disasters and major incidents. www.healthplanning.co.uk/nato/ Public warning / alerting What information is needed and when 7.58. Immediately when an emergency occurs, and during the first hour, the public needs: o basic details of the incident - what, where, when (and who, why and how, if possible); o to know the implications for health and welfare; o advice and guidance (e.g. stay indoors, symptoms, preparing for evacuation); and o reassurance (if necessary). o The public wants to know: o practical implications such as the effect on traffic, power supplies, telephones, water supplies, etc; o a helpline number; and o what is being done to resolve the situation. Broadcasters will require: o well thought out and joined-up arrangements between the emergency services, local authority and other organisations, capable of providing agreed information at speed; o an immediate telephone contact; and o a media rendezvous point at the scene. 7.59. Responders need to take into account what the public wants to know not simply what the authorities need to say. Understanding how emergency communication will be perceived and acted upon by the public will help to achieve greater success in compliance. Responders also need to consider how technical information can be communicated in a way that the public will understand. 7.60. Responders need to consider the potential for disparity between local and national messages. Ensuring consistency and clarity of messaging in the