that activity, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place or activity. (9) If the supervision order so provides, instructions under sub-paragraph (1)(d) may require the defaulter to participate in a residential exercise for a period comprising not more than seven days, and for that purposeÑ (a) to present himself or herself at the beginning of that period to a person of a description specified in the instructions at a place specified in them, and to live there for that period, or (b) to participate for that period in an activity specified in the instructions. (10) Instructions of the kind mentioned in sub-paragraph (9)Ñ (a) may not be given except with the consent of a parent or guardian of the defaulter; (b) operate to require the defaulter, during the period specified under that sub- paragraph, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place or activity specified under paragraph (a) or (b) of that sub-paragraph. 174 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (11) Instructions given by, or under the authority of, a person in charge of a place under sub-paragraph (3)(b), (6)(c), (8) or (10)(b) may require the defaulter to engage in activities otherwise than at that place. (12) Where a supervision order contains an activity requirement, the court may, on the application of the original applicant or the defaulter, amend the order by substituting for a number of days, place, activity, period or description of persons specified in the order a new number of days, place, activity, period or description (subject, in the case of a number of days, to sub-paragraph (2)). (13) A court may include an activity requirement in a supervision order or vary an activity requirement under sub-paragraph (12) only ifÑ (a) it has consulted the youth offending team that is to be, or is, specified in the order, (b) it is satisfied that it is feasible to secure compliance with the requirement, or the requirement as varied, (c) it is satisfied that provision for the defaulter to participate in the activities proposed can be made under the arrangements for persons to participate in those activities which exist in the area of the youth offending team that is to be, or is, specified in the order, and (d) in a case where the requirement, or the requirement as varied, would involve the co-operation