about the intention to make a complaint. If a complaint is made under subsection (1) the appropriate judicial officer may issue a summons directed to— any person on whom the closure notice relating to the closed premises was served under section 136C(3)(d) or (4), or any other person who appears to the judicial officer to have an interest in the closed premises but on whom the closure notice was not served, requiring such person to appear before the magistrates' court to answer to the complaint. If a summons is issued in accordance with subsection (6), a notice stating the date and time when, and the place at which, the complaint will be heard must be served on— the persons to whom the summons is directed, such constable as the judicial officer thinks appropriate (unless the complainant is a constable), and the local authority. In this section “the appropriate judicial officer” means— in the application of this section to England and Wales, a justice of the peace; in the application of this section to Northern Ireland, a lay magistrate. Orders extending closure orders 136(I1) This section applies where a complaint is made under section 136H. The court may make an order extending the period for which the closure order has effect by a period specified in the order if the court is satisfied that the extension is necessary to prevent the premises being used for activities related to any of the specified prostitution or pornography offences in respect of which section 136D(9) applied. The period specified in the order may not exceed 3 months. The total period for which a closure order has effect may not exceed 6 months. 156 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes An order under this section may include such provision as the court thinks appropriate relating to access to any other part of a building or other structure in which the premises are situated. Discharge of closure order 136(J1) Any of the following persons may make a complaint to an appropriate judicial officer for an order that a closure order be discharged— a constable; the local authority; a person on whom the closure notice relating to the closed premises was served under section 136C(3)(d) or (4); any other person who has an interest in the closed premises but on whom the closure notice was not served. If a complaint is made under subsection (1) by a person other than a constable the judicial officer may issue a summons directed to such constable as the