(See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (9B) A health care profession is any profession mentioned in section 60(2) of the Health Act 1999 (c. 8) other than the profession of practising medicine and the profession of nursing. (9C) An order under subsection (9A)(b) shall be made by statutory instrument; and any such statutory instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” After section 31 of that Act there shall be inserted— “31A Specimens of blood taken from persons incapable of consenting A constable may make a request to a medical practitioner for him to take a specimen of blood from a person (“the person concerned”) irrespective of whether that person consents if— that person is a person from whom the constable would (in the absence of any incapacity of that person and of any objection under section 33) be entitled under section 31 to require the provision of a specimen of blood for a laboratory test; it appears to that constable that that person has been involved in— an accident that constitutes or is comprised in the matter that is under investigation or the circumstances of that matter; or a dangerous incident (within the meaning given by section 29(3)) that constitutes or is comprised in that matter or those circumstances; it appears to that constable that that person is or may be incapable (whether or not he has purported to do so) of giving a valid consent to the taking of a specimen of blood; and it appears to that constable that that person’s incapacity is attributable to medical reasons. A request under this section— shall not be made to a medical practitioner who for the time being has any responsibility (apart from the request) for the clinical care of the person concerned; and shall not be made to a medical practitioner other than a police medical practitioner unless— it is not reasonably practicable for the request to made to a police medical practitioner; or it is not reasonably practicable for such a medical practitioner (assuming him to be willing to do so) to take the specimen. It shall be lawful for a medical practitioner to whom a request is made under this section, if he thinks fit— to take a specimen of blood from the person concerned irrespective of whether that person consents; and to provide the sample to a constable. If a specimen is taken in pursuance of a request under this section, the specimen shall not be subjected to a laboratory test unless the person from whom it was taken— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be