person must be given sufficient information to enable them to 3 PACE, Code G, Note for Guidance 2C. 4 PACE, Code G, Note for Guidance 3. understand they have been deprived of their liberty and the reason they have been arrested as soon as practicable after arrest, including being informed of the nature of the suspected offence and when and where it was committed. The Code states suspects must also be informed of the reasons why arrest is considered necessary avoiding vague or technical language and helpfully includes ÔWhen explaining why one or more of the arrest criteria apply, it is not necessary to disclose any specific details that might undermine or otherwise adversely affect any investigative processes. An example might be the conduct of a formal interview when prior disclosure of such details might give the suspect an opportunity to fabricate an innocent explanation or to otherwise conceal lies from the interviewerÕ. This revision clarifies the position of Custody Officers receiving briefings to consider authorising detention. Arresting officers should repeat the same information to the Custody Officer in the presence of the suspect that was provided to the suspect when they were arrested. The Custody OfficersÕ role in authorising detention does not extend to investigating the rationale underpinning the reasons for which an arrest was considered necessary. Custody Officers will, however, need to be satisfied that ongoing detention should be authorised. Any further detail requested by Custody Officers concerning material in the case for the purposes of authorising detention should not be provided in the presence and hearing of the suspect because this might undermine the investigation. In conclusion the impact of Code G does not reduce the significance of a suspectÕs interview in the investigation process; in fact it specifically recognises and includes reference to special warnings, information to be supplied to suspects prior to interview and other processes such as the management of multiple suspects. The emphasis is that necessity to arrest and the necessity to interview are entirely separate matters of professional judgement to be exercised on a case by case basis, if applied properly with defensible non-risk averse decision making the impact on the quality of the investigative interview should be minimal. Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by DCI Steve Hibbitt, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser from Humberside Police. In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Alan Greene (ACPO Custody) at alan.greene@gmp.pnn.police.uk or Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk. ACPO Position Statement: The Remote Monitoring of Suspect Interviews National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) Introduction The purpose of this position paper is to set out some guidance on the remote monitoring of interviews with suspects. Remote monitoring can improve the quality of an investigative interview with a suspect by ensuring that all the issues are covered, appropriate techniques are used at the right time and any investigative opportunities are thoroughly explored. It can also help with the quality control of interviews and with the training and development of interviewers.