for believing that such a warning has been given on that occasion otherwise than by him; or the constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the person whose use of that motor vehicle on that occasion would justify the seizure is a person to whom a warning under that subsection has been given (whether or not by that constable or in respect the same vehicle or the same or a similar use) on a previous occasion in the previous twelve months. A person who fails to comply with an order under subsection (3)(a) is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. Subsection (3)(c) does not authorise entry into a private dwelling house. The powers conferred on a constable by this section shall be exercisable only at a time when regulations under section 60 are in force. In this section— “driving” has the same meaning as in the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52); “motor vehicle” means any mechanically propelled vehicle, whether or not it is intended or adapted for use on roads; and “private dwelling house” does not include any garage or other structure occupied with the dwelling house, or any land appurtenant to the dwelling house. Retention etc. of vehicles seized under section 59 The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to— 122 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the removal and retention of motor vehicles seized under section 59; and the release or disposal of such motor vehicles. Regulations under subsection (1) may, in particular, make provision— for the giving of notice of the seizure of a motor vehicle under section 59 to a person who is the owner of that vehicle or who, in accordance with the regulations, appears to be its owner; for the procedure by which a person who claims to be the owner of a motor vehicle seized under section 59 may seek to have it released; for requiring the payment of fees, charges or costs in relation to the removal and retention of such a motor vehicle and to any application for its release; as to the circumstances in which a motor vehicle seized under section 59 may be disposed of; as to the destination— of any fees or charges payable in accordance with the regulations; and of the proceeds (if any) arising from the disposal of a motor vehicle seized under section 59; for