made a ward of court. A local authority may only apply for an order under the High Courtﾃ不 inherent jurisdiction if it has permission from the court to do so (under section 100 of the Children Act 1989). Leave to apply may only be granted by the court if it is satisfied that the result the local authority wishes to achieve could not be achieved throughthe making of any order, other than one under the courtﾃ不 inherent jurisdiction. A local authority is entitled to apply for this where they have reasonable cause to believethat if the courtﾃ不 inherent jurisdiction is not exercised, the child is likely to suffer significant harm. For the purposes of obtaining protection for a child or young person, there is little difference between wardship and the other orders made in the exercise of the inherent jurisdiction of the High Court72. All types of orders under the inherent jurisdiction are flexible and wide-ranging, and an order may be sought where there is a real risk of a child being subjected to FGM. Where there is a fear that a child may be taken overseas for the purpose of FGM, an order for the surrender of their passport may be made as well as an order that the child may not leave the jurisdiction without the courtﾃ不 permission. Orders for the immediate return of the child or young person can be obtained. These orders can be enforced on family members or extended family members. The orders are in the form of injunctions with penal notices attached. E.5.1 Applications for Wardship Once a young person has left the country, there are fewer legal options open to police, social services, other agencies or another person to recover the young person and bring them back to the UK. One course of action is to seek the return of the young person to the jurisdiction of England and Wales by making them a ward of court. Making a child a ward of court falls within the inherent jurisdiction of the High Court. 72 See paragraph 1.3 of Practice Direction 12D of the Family Procedure Rules 2010 that provides guidance on the distinguishing characteristics of wardship. An application for wardship is made to the High Court Family Division73, and may be made by a relative, friend close to the child or young person, or CAFCASS/CAFCASS CYMRU legal services department or any interested party. Where an urgent ward of court application is required, an application should be made where possible within court hours. It is key that in such situation, early liaison with the Clerk of the Rules occurs in order that they can attempt to accommodate such requests. When it is not possible to apply for urgent wardship order within court hours, contact should be made with the security office at the Royal Courts of Justice (020 7947 6000 or 020 7947 6260)74 who will refer the matter to the urgent business officer. The urgent business officer can contact the duty judge. The