for purposes of escorting a load of exceptional dimensions 9 (1) A person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall have, for the purpose of escorting a vehicle or trailer carrying a load of exceptional dimensions either to or from the relevant police area, the power of a constable engaged in the regulation of traffic in a roadÑ (a) to direct a vehicle to stop; (b) to make a vehicle proceed in, or keep to, a particular line of traffic; and (c) to direct pedestrians to stop. (2) Sections 35 and 37 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (offences of failing to comply with directions of constable engaged in regulation of traffic in a road) shall have effect in relation to the exercise of those powers for the purpose mentioned in sub- paragraph (1) by a person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him as if the references to a constable engaged in regulation of traffic in a road were references to that person. (3) The powers conferred by virtue of this paragraph may be exercised in any police area in England and Wales. (4) In this paragraph Òvehicle or trailer carrying a load of exceptional dimensionsÓ means a vehicle or trailer the use of which is authorised by an order made by the Secretary of State under section 44(1)(d) of the Road Traffic Act 1988. Photographing of persons given fixed penalty notices [F10499ZA An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the power of a constable under section 64A(1A) of the 1984 Act (photographing of suspects etc.) to take a photograph, elsewhere than at a police station, of a person to whom the accredited person has given a penalty notice (or as the case may be a fixed penalty notice) in exercise of any power mentioned in paragraph 1(2) [F1050or in exercise of the power mentioned in paragraph 1A(3)].] 286 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5A Ð Powers exercisable by accredited inspectors Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Power to modify paragraph [F10521(2A)] [F1[0F510953A(1) The Secretary of State may by order amend paragraph 1(2A) so as to remove a provision from the list or add a provision to the list; but the list must contain only provisions mentioned in the first column of the Table in section 1(1) of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001.] (2) The Secretary of State shall not make an order containing (with or without any other provision) any provision authorised by this paragraph unless a draft