ÒFinancial arrangements etc 4A (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may, by way of temporary loan or overdraft from a bank or otherwise, borrow sums temporarily required by the Commissioner, but onlyÑ (a) for the purpose of meeting expenses pending the receipt of revenues receivable by the Commissioner in respect of the period of account in which the expenses are chargeable, (b) in sterling, and (c) with the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the MetropolisÑ (a) may not borrow money except as permitted by sub-paragraph (1); (b) may not enter into a credit arrangement. (3) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may investÑ (a) for any purpose relevant to the Commissioner's functions under any enactment, or (b) for the purpose of the prudent management of the Commissioner's financial affairs, but only with the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (4) The following provisions of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 (capital finance etc and accounts), and any regulations made under them by the Secretary of State, apply in relation to the Commissioner of (2) 126 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Police of the Metropolis as they apply in relation to a local authority in EnglandÑ (a) section 6 (protection of lenders); (b) section 7 (meaning of Òcredit arrangementsÓ); (c) sections 9 to 11 (capital receipts), except for section 11(2)(b) and (3) to (6); (d) section 13 (security for money borrowed etc); (e) section 14 (information); (f) section 15 (guidance); (g) section 16 (meaning of Òcapital expenditureÓ); (h) section 17 (external funds); (i) section 18 (companies etc), ignoring any reference to a Passenger Transport Executive; (j) section 20 (directions); (k) sections 21 and 22 (accounts). (5) Any of those provisions, or regulations made under them by the Secretary of State, that apply for the purposes of Chapter 1 of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 apply also (so far as relevant) for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (1) to (3). (6) An order under section 217 of the Local Government and Public Involvement in Health Act 2007, as it has effect for the purposes of section 18(2)(b) of the Local Government Act 2003 as applied by sub- paragraph (4)(i), appliesÑ (a) with the substitution of a reference to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis for a reference to a