modify the draft in the light of any such representations. The Secretary of State must lay a draft of the code before Parliament. When the Secretary of State has laid a draft of the code before Parliament the Secretary of State may bring it into operation by order. The Secretary of State may revise the whole or any part of the code and issue the code as revised; and subsections (2) to (4) apply to such a revised code as they apply to the original code. A failure by a person to comply with a provision of the code does not of itself make the person liable to criminal or civil proceedings. The code is admissible in evidence in criminal or civil proceedings and is to be taken into account by a court or tribunal in any case in which it appears to the court or tribunal to be relevant.” Omit section 45 (seizure). In section 69 (powers of court and receiver)— in subsection (1) after paragraph (b) insert— “(c) the powers conferred on appropriate officers by sections 47C to 47L; (d) the powers conferred on senior officers by section 47G.” at the end of the heading insert “ etc. ”. The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) is amended as follows. After section 127 insert— 56 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “Search and seizure powers 127A Sections 127B to 127R: meaning of “appropriate officer” In sections 127B to 127R “appropriate officer” means— an officer of Revenue and Customs, or a constable. 127B Conditions for exercise of powers An appropriate officer may exercise the power conferred by section 127C if satisfied that any of the following conditions is met. The first condition is that— a criminal investigation has been started in Scotland with regard to an indictable offence, a person has been arrested for the offence, proceedings for the offence have not yet been started against the person in Scotland, there is reasonable cause to believe that the person has benefited from conduct constituting the offence, and a restraint order is not in force in respect of any realisable property. The second condition is that— a criminal investigation has been started in Scotland with regard to an indictable offence, a person has been arrested for the offence, proceedings for the offence have not yet been started against the person in Scotland, and a restraint order is in force in respect of any realisable property. The third condition is that— proceedings for an indictable offence have