detection and control, order maintenance, registering and investigating crime, patrolling and responding to emergency calls) to proactive community policing (HMIC, 2012; Vinod Kumar, 2014). Based on the theoretical framework of the Broken Windows theory (Wilson and Kelling, 1982), community policing seeks to address minor offences in order to prevent more serious offences and violent crime occurring (Srinivasan et al., 2013). A preventative community policing approach is said to be critical because it reduces crime and the demands that go with it (HMIC, 2012). However, whilst reduced rates of property crime (Caudill et al., 2013) and violent crime (Ratcliffe et al., 2011) provides evidence to support the prioritisation of proactive community policing (Worrall and Kovandzic, 2010), doing so also requires additional police resources at a greater cost (College of Policing, 2015Vinod Kumar, 2014). Repeat and/or demanding callers The Ôiron law of troublesome placesÕ claims that a small proportion of locations are likely to account for the majority of reported incidents of crime and disorder (Bichler et al., 2013; Wilcox and Eck, 2011). For instance, a minority of patients have been found to account for the majority of calls for the ambulance service (Edwards et al., 2014). Similarly, some Ôtroubled familiesÕ who often have many generations displaying the same problems, may require more resources than others (Home Office, n.d). Repeat and/or demanding callers can place a significant burden on emergency services in general; both in terms of time and financial resources, and many factors can influence how people interact with the police in particular. For example, community differences can strongly impact police resource requirements with urban settings associated with more public demand that rural policing (Johnson and Rhodes, 2009; Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014), with this further linked to social deprivation, low collective efficacy and cohesion (Sampson et al., 1997) Personal characteristics may also influence whether a person is likely to be a repeat caller. Key areas have been found to be those associated with alcohol/drugs and those with mental health issues. A recent UK report made by the College of Policing (2015) estimates that that mental health issues account for at least 20% of police time. This pattern suggests that dealing with individuals with mental health issues could be posing a considerable and increasing demand on police resources internationally (College of Policing, 2015; Health and Social Care Information Centre, 2014). Demand Management As the police strive to meet the demands of their expanding roles and an increasingly expectant public (Fleming and Grabosky, 2009), there are a few ways in which the police aim to manage the demand on their service, including grading incidents appropriately to prioritise tasks, and using reviews to identify high demand areas in order to implement preventative measures to reduce reoccurring problems. The Ôtroubled familiesÕ programme, which involves intensive work with particularly resource demanding families, is a prime example of this. The governmentÕs Ôtroubled familiesÕ programme has been found to reduce offending and antisocial behaviour and thus, reduce the demand on the police (Home Office, n.d). Targeted policing