a girl has attended a travel clinic or equivalent for vaccinations / anti-malarials. Remember: this is not an exhaustive list of risk factors. There may be additional risk factors specific to particular communities. For example, in certain communities FGM is closely associated to when a girl reaches a particular age. If any of these risk factors are identified professionals will need to consider what action to take. If unsure whether the level of risk requires referral at this point, professionals should discuss with their named/designated safeguarding lead. If the risk of harm is imminent, emergency measures may be required. See Annex E for information on legal interventions that can be used to protect girls/women at risk of FGM. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 41 Professionals should not assume that all women and girls from a particular community are supportive of, or at risk of FGM. Women who recognise that their ongoing physical and/or psychological problems are a result of having had FGM and women who are involved or highly supportive of FGM advocacy work and eradication programmes may be less likely to support or carry out FGM on their own children. However, any woman may be under pressure from her husband, partner or other family members to allow or arrange for her daughter to undergo FGM. Wider family engagement and discussions with both parents, and potentially wider family members, may be appropriate. B.1.2 Indicators that FGM May Have Already Taken Place It is important that professionals look out for signs that FGM has already taken place so that: • the girl or woman receives the care and support she needs to deal with its effects (see Annex F); • enquiries can be made about other female family members who may need to be safeguarded from harm; and/or • criminal investigations into the perpetrators, including those who carry out the procedure, can be considered to prosecute those who have broken the law and to protect others from harm. There are a number of indications that a girl or woman has already been subjected to FGM: • a girl or woman asks for help; • a girl or woman confides in a professional that FGM has taken place; • a mother/family member discloses that female child has had FGM; • a family/child is already known to social services in relation to other safeguarding issues; • a girl or woman has difficulty walking, sitting or standing or looks uncomfortable; • a girl or woman finds it hard to sit still for long periods of time, and this was not a problem previously; • a girl or woman spends longer than normal in the bathroom or toilet due to difficulties urinating; • a girl spends long periods of time away from a classroom during the day with bladder or menstrual problems; • a girl or woman has frequent urinary, menstrual or stomach problems; 42 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation • a girl avoids physical exercise or requires to