persons under the direction and control of the chief officer of police obtain good value for money in exercising their functions. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 37 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 36 Information for elected local policing bodies (1) A chief officer of police must give the relevant elected local policing body such information on policing matters that the body may require the chief officer to give. (2) Such information must be in the form (if any) specified by the elected local policing body. (3) The elected local policing body mayÑ (a) arrange for such information to be published, or (b) require the chief officer of police to arrange for such information to be published. (4) It is for the elected local policing body to determine the manner in which information is to be published in accordance with subsection (3) (a) or (b). (5) In this section Òpolicing mattersÓ means matters connected with the policing of the relevant police area. 37 Appointment of persons not employed by chief officers of police (1) This section applies where a chief officer of police is required or authorised by any ActÑ (a) to appoint a person to a specified post in the relevant police force, or a specified post in the civilian staff of the relevant police force, or (b) to designate a person as having specified duties or responsibilities. (2) The chief officer of police may appoint or designate a person whether or not the person is already a member of staff of the police force. (3) Subsection (2) has effect in spite of any provision to the contrary in the Act that is mentioned in subsection (1). Police forces outside London 38 Appointment, suspension and removal of chief constables (1) The police and crime commissioner for a police area is to appoint the chief constable of the police force for that area. (2) The police and crime commissioner for a police area may suspend from duty the chief constable of the police force for that area. (1) 38 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) The police and crime commissioner for a police area may call upon the chief constable of the police force for that area to resign or retire. (4) The chief constable must retire or resign if called upon to do so by