At the same time, those who are willing to work with the police are precisely those who least need it: well-organised community collations with comparatively less crime problems (Tilley 2003, Skogan 2006). It would appear in effect that a high level of social capital (strong social networks in a community that bring about collective action and maintain social control) certainly helps make community policing easier, but areas with high social capital have less need of engaging with the police more than they already are. While it may be difficult to find and motivate a ‘community’ into action that does not mean that it cannot be done. Many community policing initiatives have happened worldwide since its earliest inception in the 1970s. While ‘Community Orientated Policing’ was initially and American concept, it has been exported around the globe (Brogden and Nijhar 2005) and it even informs efforts at democratic policing in developing and failed nations through its concepts of community accountability and engagement (see Pino and Wiatrowski 2006iv). Judging the success of COP, however, is another matter. As mentioned before, activities that fall under the ‘community policing’ label are many and varied, so each would need to be assessed independently. As Tilly (2003) points out, however, this can be difficult to do as much of community policing is supposed to be based on police officer creativity and non-standardised outcomes. Supervising this kind of work, as well as monitoring it and judging its success can be a murky task. A further complication is that the officers doing the work with communities may focus their efforts on things that can be easily quantified and measured (under the guise of ‘community policing’), rather than on the actual problem-solving itself. Brogden and Nijhar (2005) report that many police forces in the US are no longer even trying to maintain a pretence of community policing, either changing it to ‘community problem solving’ or simply reverting back to traditional, crime-lead policing. This is especially so in areas of great deprivation, where the police may make gestures towards community engagement, but then continue to police in a more traditional way as it is far easier to do so (see Skogan et al 1999). Until recently in the UK, community policing was largely left out of a very powerful measurement of police success, Best Value Performance Indicators (BVPIs) (Herrington and Millie 2006). These are a product of the move towards New Public Management in the police, as discussed earlier. What is important for this section is the contrast between the types of policing activities measured by the BVPIs (response times, arrests, clear-up rates, etc) and those types of activities that are valued and ultimately more successful in a community-orientated approach (meeting with local residents, moving children away from crime hotspots, etc). These two approaches to policing ‘value’ exist in parallel to each other and ultimately are in competition with each other for resources (although the current incarnation of BVPIs make slightly more of an attempt at including community elements, to