cannot be delegated to the club. 5.7 The above may be met by the provision of locked cabinets or racks, or of an armourer issue system. Cadet Force Premises 5.8 The Ministry of Defence controls Cadet Force and Combined Cadet Force premises. The security for single Cadet Force units is the responsibility of the appropriate ServiceÕs (Army, Royal Air Force or Royal Navy) Security Unit in accordance with the Joint Services Publication 440, The Defence Manual of Security Ð JSP 440 (DMS). For the information of Firearms Enquiry Officers (FEOs), a summary of the relevant parts of the manual is in the ACPO/MOD restricted circular. 5.9 The application of security measures in respect of the storage of firearms, subject to the requirements of the Firearms Acts, on such premises should be taken up with the appropriate department. Details are in the ACPO/MOD restricted circular. 5.10 FEOÕs visiting Cadet Force premises should normally view the MOD Inspection Certificate as satisfactory proof of security. Any queries in relation to the security provisions should be directed to the security unit issuing the Inspection Certificate. 5.11 Only those privately owned rifles necessary to meet or supplement the cadet forces training requirements are permitted to be stored. Details are in the ACPO/MOD restricted circular. 5.1 PART 6: FIREARMS HELD UNDER MUSEUMS LICENCE/PRIVATE COLLECTIONS Museums & Galleries 6.1 The security of firearms in any museum must be a combination of elements directly related to the firearms and the building in which they are to be kept and/or displayed. With his widespread experience of museumsÕ security and extensive records on many of the UKÕs museums, the Museums Security Adviser at Resource (formerly the Museums & Galleries Commission) is always available for consultation. Where extensive collections are involved it will usually be possible to arrange a personal visit by the Resource Security Adviser if required. 6.2 For further information about Resource and the Museums Weapons Group, contact: Resource The Council for Museums, Archives and Libraries 16 Queen AnneÕs Gate London SW1H 9AA Telephone 020 7273 1444 Principles 6.3 Whenever handguns, automatic or semi-automatic hand-held firearms (section 5) are involved special consideration needs to be given to security provision as these types of firearms can attract those who would wish to acquire them for criminal purposes. 6.4 In many respects these guidelines are similar to those necessary to protect other valuable artefacts kept in museums. 6.5 Recommendations for physical protection that can either defeat an attack or at the very least delay the criminal sufficiently to enable the police to respond accords with the ÒonionÓ principle of security that makes provision for a number of intervening layers. These layers along with other security devices form part of an equation that provides for effective security in depth. 6.6 At the same time this security equation has to be flexible if it is to meet the security requirements arising from the need for museums to be open to the public. In addition, circumstances may inhibit the quality of some of the