police services agreement which is not in force, the Secretary of State may direct that the agreement is to come into force at the beginning of a day other than that specified in subsection (2)(a), (3)(a) or (5)(a). 25D Review and variation of police services agreements The relevant persons— must keep a police services agreement under review, and may vary it. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 185 25E Discharge of functions of relevant persons in relation to police services agreements In determining the terms of a police services agreement, and in exercising their functions under section 25D, the relevant persons must, in particular, have regard to the matters specified in subsection (2). Those matters are— any aerodrome security plan which specifies that policing measures are to be taken in relation to the aerodrome during the whole or any part of the period for which the police services agreement will be in force, any information given to the relevant persons by the security executive group for the aerodrome which is relevant to the police services agreement, the extent, if any, to which the costs incurred by the police authority in connection with the policing provided for the aerodrome are, or are likely to be, met by any person other than the manager of the aerodrome, and any guidance given by the Secretary of State which is relevant to the discharge by the relevant persons of their functions in relation to police services agreements. A chief officer of police may authorise another person to exercise any of the officer's functions under this Part in relation to police services agreements. In this section, “policing measures” has the same meaning as in section 25B.” (1) Section 26 (exercise of police functions) is amended as follows. In the heading for “at designated airports” substitute “ at relevant aerodromes ”. In subsection (1) for “a designated airport” substitute “ a relevant aerodrome ”. In subsection (2A) — for “an aerodrome which is a designated airport” substitute “ a relevant aerodrome ”, omit the word “and” at the end of paragraph (a), in paragraph (b) for “security or policing purposes” substitute “ security purposes ”, and after paragraph (b) insert “; and any aerodrome security plan for the aerodrome.” In subsection (2C) for “an aerodrome which is a designated airport” substitute “ a relevant aerodrome ”. After subsection (2C) insert— 186 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of