or otherwise mutilateÓ the Òwhole or any partÓ of the Òlabia majora, labia minora or clitoris.Ó This brings within the ambit of the criminal law all forms of FGM of WHO Types I, II and III (including, it may be noted, Type 1a29). But WHO Type IV comes within the ambit of the criminal law only if it involves ÒmutilationÓ [emphasis added].Ó The President went on to say (at paragraph 70): Òwhether a particular case of FGM Type IVÉ.involves mutilation is in my determination not a matter for determination by the family court and certainly not a matter I need to determine in the present case. It is a matter properly for determination by a criminal court as and when the point arises for decision in a particular case [emphasis added].Ó It follows from the above that, unless and until a criminal court decides the point in a particular case, there can be no certainty that any of the procedures classified by WHO as Type 4 FGM, including piercing, amounts to mutilation. The most that can be said is that Type 4 FGM may be an offence under section 1 of the 2003 Act. Whether it does in fact constitute such an offence would depend on the particular circumstances. For the purpose of complying with the statutory duty under section 5B of the 2003 Act to notify the police of FGM, relevant professionals are not required to be satisfied that the circumstances disclosed to them or the physical signs they have observed involve the commission of a criminal offence under the 2003 Act. 27 [2015] EWFC 3. 28 www.judiciary.gov.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/BandG_2_.pdf 29 Removal of the clitoral hood or prepuce only. 18 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation The duty to report applies where the relevant professional observes physical signs on the girl which appear to show that an act of FGM has been carried out on her, and the relevant professional has no reason to believe that the act was part of a permitted surgical operation; or where the girl informs the relevant professional that an act of FGM has been carried out on her. It is for the police, upon receipt of a report, to investigate the circumstances and to conduct enquiries into any alleged offence. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) will decide whether a person should be charged with a criminal offence and, if so, what that offence should be and whether a prosecution will take place. As with every criminal offence, the CPS will apply the two-stage test in the Code for Crown Prosecutors in deciding whether to proceed with a prosecution: (1) whether there is sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction; and, if so, (2) whether a prosecution is in the public interest. 3.1.5 Significant Harm In the case of B and G (Children) (No 2), the President of the Family Division concluded that all types of FGM (including Type 4) constitute Òsignificant harmÓ for the purposes of family law. Professionals should, therefore,