grade to 7th grade, comparing test scores of children just above the cutoff to be placed into gifted- tracked classes and just below this cutoff. They found weak associations between being in a gifted class and better performance on math and reading test scores.3 Policy Idea Elementary schools in Broward County should replace tracked gifted and talented classes with integrated enrichment activities for all students, emphasizing accelerated instruction for specific subjects (math, reading, or science) through district administrative action. This enhanced, accelerated curriculum will produce more tangible, replicable impacts on not only math and reading scores but also non- achievement metrics such as student engagement and enjoyment. The Schoolwide Enrichment Model, credited to the National Center for Research on Gifted Education, works through asking teachers to identify Ògifted behaviorsÓ including sustained interest in a particular subject, higher-order thinking, etc. Teachers would create enrichment clusters designed around certain areas, such as science, debate, literature, or math, which engage students in creative, critical thinking-oriented tasks. For instance, they create projects around advanced material to build synthesis and application-based problem- solving skills.4 Simultaneously, selected students may receive accelerated instruction to take advantage of their quicker learning curve. Policy Analysis Creating separate classes leads to inequality in learning resources and environments based upon very early demonstrated potential. By waiting to split classrooms until secondary school, there are more opportunities for children to learn from their peers at an elementary level. Studies have shown that while gifted children see insignificant gains in test scores from separating classrooms, there is harm imparted to lower-achieving students.4,5 A literature review of various gifted education studies found that underperforming groups in 6 different studies had boosted student performance from ÒdetrackingÓ, or recombining classes.5 Thus, detracking rectifies some issues with creating separation at an age where socialization is as important a facilitator in development as tested IQ. Additionally, models of accessible enrichment introduce critical thinking skills that do not explicitly cater to Òstate standardsÓ but have longer term core development benefits for students. Together, these more comprehensive approaches can enhance educational quality for all students. For example, the ÒCLEARÓ model out of the University of Virginia showed an advantage in achievement on ELA exams compared to the regular curriculum for gifted 3rd graders.6 CLEAR-mandated readings, including above grade level poetry, coupled with a research project, which forces synthesis of ideas, both of which emphasized analytical skills like structural understanding, main ideas, and rhetorical choice.6 Another study on SEM implementation found students reported Ògreater creative productivityÓ and generally more time spent in school on self-defined Òtopics of interestÓ after implementation.7 Such critical thinking skills carry through to all further education. For math, acceleration is clear-cut and could follow models employed in middle schools where state standards of 1.5-2 academic years are covered in one year instead. A 2013 study found that accelerated math increased feelings of engagement and enjoyment among gifted students, while teaching content that was useful for advanced standardized testing.8 Highlights • Gifted education is implemented in an inconsistent,