. . . (6) In section 167(5)(b) (review of premises licence following closure order), for ÒnecessaryÓ substitute Ò appropriate Ó. (7) The amendment made by subsection (2) of this section applies in relation to temporary event notices that are given on or after the commencement of this section. (8) The amendments made by subsections (3) to (5) of this section apply in relation to applications relating to personal licences that are made on or after the commencement of this section. (9) The amendment made by subsection (6) of this section applies in relation to notices under section 165(4) of the Licensing Act 2003 (closure orders) that are received by a licensing authority on or after the commencement of this section. Temporary event notices 112 Temporary event notices: who may make an objection (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (13). (2) After section 99, insertÑ Ò99A Meaning of Òrelevant personÓ In this Part references to a Òrelevant personÓ, in relation to any premises, are references to the followingÑ (a) the chief officer of police for any police area in which the premises are situated, (b) the local authority by which statutory functions are exercisable in any area in which the premises are situated in relation to minimising or preventing the risk of pollution of the environment or of harm to human health.Ó. (3) In the cross-heading before section 104, for ÒPolice objectionsÓ substitute Ò Objections Ó. (1) 102 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) In the title to section 104 (objection to notice), for Òthe policeÓ substitute Ò a relevant person Ó. (5) In section 104 (objection to notice), for subsection (2) substituteÑ Ò(2) Where a relevant person who is given a temporary event notice is satisfied that allowing the premises to be used in accordance with the notice would undermine a licensing objective, the relevant person must give a notice stating the reasons for being so satisfied (an Òobjection noticeÓ)Ñ (a) to the relevant licensing authority, (b) to the premises user, and (c) to every other relevant person.Ó. (6) In section 104(3) (timing for objection), for Òchief officer of policeÓ substitute Ò relevant person Ó. (7) In section 104(4) (timing for objection), for Òrelevant chief officer of policeÓ substitute Ò relevant person Ó. (8) Omit section 104(5) (definition of Òrelevant chief officer of policeÓ). (9) In section 105 (counter notice following objection)Ñ (a) in the title, omit ÒpoliceÓ, (b) in subsection (2)(a), for Òchief officer of policeÓ substitute Ò relevant person Ó, (c) in subsection (2)(b), for Òthe crime prevention objectiveÓ substitute Ò a licensing objective Ó, (d) in subsection (3)(a), for Òthe relevant chief officer