the authority attributable to that period that are permitted deductions under regulations under subsection (2)(a). (2) Regulations under subsection (1)Ñ (1) 126 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) must prescribe descriptions of relevant expenses which may be deducted for the purposes of calculating the net amount of levy payments for any period, (b) may make provision for determining the amounts to be taken into account in calculating the net amount of levy payments, (c) may make provision for determining the period to which a payment or deduction is attributable. (3) In subsection (2)(a), Òrelevant expensesÓ means expenses incurred by a licensing authority in the administration of [F118a late night levy requirement] including, in particular, such expenses incurred in, in connection with or in consequence ofÑ (a) any decision mentioned in section 134(1); (b) collection of payments of the late night levy; (c) enforcement of the late night levy requirement. (4) Expenses incurred by a licensing authority which fall within subsection (3)(a) include, in particular, expenses which it incurs in connection with any application made by virtue of section 134(2)(c). (5) [F119In relation to a late night levy requirement,] a licensing authority must publish the following, in respect of each levy yearÑ (a) before the beginning of the year, a statement of its estimate of the amount of deductions permitted under regulations under subsection (2)(a) to be made in respect of the year; (b) after the end of the year, a statement of the net amount of levy payments for the year, showing in particular the amounts mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) attributable to the year. (6) It is for the licensing authority to determine the manner in which any statement under subsection (5) is to be published. Application of levy payments 131 Application of net amount of levy payments (1) [F120In relation to a late night levy requirement,] the net amount of levy payments for any levy year must be applied as follows. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 127 (2) The licensing authorityÑ (a) must pay the specified proportion of that amount to the relevant local policing body, and (b) must apply the remainder of that amount in accordance with regulations. (3) In subsection (2)(a), Òspecified proportionÓ means the proportion determined for the levy year under section 132(1)(b) or 133(1)(d). (4) The specified proportion must be not less than