identification number of the guns. Shot guns held on loan for less than 72 hours do not have to be entered on Table 2 of the certificate, nor does notification of temporary transfer have to be given by either party. 11.4 Although a shot gun certificate is not required in order to possess or acquire shot gun cartridges used with section 2 shot guns, the production of a certificate (the original not a photocopy) is necessary as required by section 5 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 (see paragraph 5.14) in order to purchase such cartridges (unless the purchaser can show that they are entitled to possess a shot gun without a certificate, is a registered firearms dealer, or is a person who sells such cartridges by way of trade or business). Ammunition not exempted by section 1(4) of the 1968 Act may be possessed or acquired only by a firearm certificate holder. A person may purchase shot gun ammunition for a certificate holder, if they produce that personÕs certificate, together with written authority from the certificate holder to purchase the ammunition for them. Note that this section (section 5 of the 1988 Act) only applies to sales. Application 11.5 An application for a shot gun certificate must be made in the prescribed form (Form 201) to the chief officer of police for the area in which the applicant resides. By virtue of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Exemptions) Order 1975, the provisions of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 do not apply to an applicant for a shot gun certificate. An applicant is, therefore, not entitled to withhold information about a previous conviction on the grounds that it is for other purposes spent under the 1974 Act. This includes motoring offences, bind overs, cautions and convictions in and outside Great Britain, and (by virtue of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Exceptions) Order 1975) convictions which are spent under the 1974 Act. A conditional discharge and an absolute discharge both count as convictions for this purpose. Details of fixed penalty notices and parking offences do not need to be declared. 87 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 11.6 The application form does not require applicants to provide details of the shot guns to be purchased or acquired, though an applicant for renewal must give details of the guns currently possessed. It is a legal requirement to send a notification of a transaction involving a shot gun to the firearms licensing department via recorded or permitted electronic means within seven days of the transfer. See also paragraph 11.3 regarding 72 hour loan. 11.7 The Firearms Rules 1998, as provided for in section 26(2) of the 1968 Act, require an application for the grant or renewal of a shot gun certificate to be accompanied by one photograph. Ordinary passport style photographs (sized 45mm x 35mm) are suitable for this purpose. A digital photograph must be used for online applications. 11.8 An applicant is informed in the notes on the form that