good state in the event of compromise. 5.4 All responsible stakeholders in this Code shall take steps to protect sensitive data, such as training or test data, against unauthorised access (see 6.2 and 6.2.1 for details on securing your data and other assets). 5.4.1 Developers, Data Controllers and System Operators shall apply checks and sanitisation to data and inputs when designing the model [based on their access to said data and inputs and where those data and inputs are stored]. This shall be repeated when model revisions are made in response to user feedback or continuous learning [See principle 6 for relevant provisions for open source]. Principle 6: Secure your infrastructure[footnote 29] Primarily applies to: Developers and System Operators [OWASP 2024, MITRE 2024, WEF 2024, NCSC 2023, Microsoft 2022, ICO 2020] 6.1 Alongside implementing essential cyber security practices for securing system infrastructure[footnote 30], Developers and System Operators shall adopt appropriate access controls to their APIs, models and data, and to their training and processing pipelines.[footnote 31] 6.2 Developers and System Operators shall create segregated environments to enforce sensitivity and threat boundaries. 6.2.1 Developers, System Operators and Data Controllers shall create segregated environments for storing critical data, such as sensitive, training or test data [where this training data is not based on publicly available data Ð see 7.3.1 and 7.3.2]. 6.2.2 Developers shall also create a segregated environment for where research is done and where production models are developed and/or accessed. Stakeholders could use containerisation and virtualisation as methods for segregation. See NCSC containerisation guidance: https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/collection/using-containerisation (https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/collection/using-containerisation) 6.3 Developers and System Operators shall implement and publish an effective vulnerability disclosure process 6.1 to support a transparent and open culture within the organisation.[footnote 32] 6.4 Developers and System Operators shall create an incident management plan. Principle 7: Secure your supply chain[footnote 33] Primarily applies to: Developers, System Operators and Data Controllers [OWASP 2024, NCSC 2023, Microsoft 2022, ASD 2023] 7.1 Developers and System Operators shall require suppliers to adhere to the same security expectations and requirements that they apply to other software components to develop new software/AI products. This shall align with their risk management policies. 7.2 If a component is not produced in-house, Developers and System Operators should acquire and maintain well-secured and well-documented hardware and software components (for example, models, data, software libraries, modules, middleware, frameworks, and external APIs) from verified commercial, open-source, and other third-party developers to ensure robust security in your systems. 7.2.1 Developers that choose to use any models, or components, which are not well-documented or secured shall be able to justify why, (for example if there was no other supplier for said component), and be prepared to share this explanation with end-users, and System Operators if required. Particular attention should be given to the use of open-source models, where the responsibility of model maintenance and security becomes complex. 7.3 Developers and System Operators should be prepared to failover to alternate solutions for mission-critical systems, if their security criteria are not met.[footnote 34] 7.3.1 Where training data