a consultation through the Planning for the Future White Paper on proposals to enable more and better green space in development. • Committed to expanding access to mental health services through the NHS Long Term Plan. Our investment of a further £2.3 billion a year by 2023/24 will ensure that the NHS provides high quality, evidence-based mental health services to an additional 2 million people. • Acted to tackle segregation and stigmatisation through the planning system. We will: • Review the Decent Homes Standard to consider if it should be updated, including how it can better support the decarbonisation and energy efficiency of social homes, and improve communal and green spaces. • Continue to engage with the latest evidence on the impact of housing conditions on health, including COVID-19 transmission, and actively consider options to mitigate these impacts. • Review professionalisation to consider how well housing staff are equipped to work with people with mental health needs and encourage best practice for landlords working with those with mental health needs. • Clarify the roles of agencies involved in tackling anti-social behaviour and signpost tenants to those agencies who can give them the most appropriate support and assistance when faced with anti- social behaviour. • Consider the results of the allocations evidence collection exercise findings to ensure that housing is allocated in the fairest way possible and achieves the best outcomes for local places and communities. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 53 The Decent Homes Standard 99. Since 2001 the Decent Homes Standard24 has played a key role in setting the minimum quality that social homes should be. The Decent Homes Standard sets out four criteria for evaluating decency Ð it requires that homes are free of serious hazards, are in a reasonable state of repair, have reasonably modern facilities and services such as kitchens and bathrooms, and have efficient heating and effective insulation. 100. In line with those areas directed by Government, the Regulator of Social Housing (Òthe regulatorÓ) requires that social rented homes are maintained by landlords to at least the quality set out by the GovernmentÕs Decent Homes Standard. Good progress has been made on ensuring homes meet the Standard. The number of social homes classified as non-decent reduced from 20% in 2010 to 12% in 2018.25 The social sector has a lower proportion of homes that do not meet the Standard than the private rented and owner- occupied sectors. 101. During our consultation events, we heard that the Decent Homes Standard is no longer fully effective and does not reflect present day concerns, including on energy efficiency or safety. Some respondents told us they would like to see more investment in the locality and green spaces surrounding their home, including measures to combat crime and anti-social behaviour. The design of buildings and their surroundings can help provide safe places to live and work. We are mindful that the design of a neighbourhood or estate, and the homes within them, can also