shared services department. The Investigating Officer will be responsible for discussing the time frames with all those involved and agreeing and outlining the expectations of those. We recognise that some investigations can be more complex and so may require more time to reach a conclusion. It is the responsibility of the Investigating Officer to keep all parties updated throughout the duration of proceedings. Once the Formal stage of the grievance process has commenced, the role of the Investigating Officer is to investigate and determine possible resolution/s. This will vary according to the nature and complexity of the grievance. Initial discussion: The Investigating Officer will have a discussion with the individual at an early stage. They must understand the nature of the grievance and scope the level of intervention that may be required. Investigation: The grievance should be fully investigated within this stage. The structure of the investigation is the responsibility of the Investigating Officer, and the scale of the investigation should be proportionate to the nature of the grievance. Where a colleague is seen to be part of the grievance investigation (e.g. where they are the subject of the grievance or a witness), they should be provided with appropriate details, mindful of GDPR, of the grievance prior to a meeting. This is normally communicated via a manager or HR representative aligned to the grievance stage. In some cases, the Investigating Officer may elect to provide the colleague with a summary if there is sensitive information contained within the Grievance Form. At the conclusion of the investigation, a draft copy of the report can be made available to the individual prior to any resolution meeting so they have time to consider their response/s. In some circumstances the evidence given by some witnesses may have to remain confidential. The Investigating Officer should engage with HR prior to sharing report or findings with an individual. Where confidentiality is required an appropriate summary of the evidence gathered can be provided. It is recommended that the Investigating Officer informs the individual what the potential outcome may be prior to the resolution meeting. Resolution meeting(s): Following the investigation the Investigating Officer will meet with the individual and offer suggested solutions based upon the findings of their investigation. This may involve others or be on an individual basis. NB: The individual is entitled to representation from their staff association, or a colleague, at each stage of the proceedings After the resolution meeting the Investigating Officer should provide written notification to the individual, summarising the outcome of the meeting. A period of up to seven working days from receipt of that written notification is then permitted to allow the individual time to consider if they are: (list not exhaustive) Satisfied that the grievance has been resolved and the matter can be closed Not satisfied and wish to Appeal the outcome Commencing the mediation process Investigating Officer actions at the conclusion of the Formal stage Outcome: The Investigating Officer should confirm verbally the outcome of the resolution meeting within