provided by the CSC Program Management Office (PMO CSC). b. UK contractors will be required to handle and protect PROTECTED A & B information in accordance with the contract clauses and handling instructions that will be provided by CAN to inform recipients of the minimum security requirements for the protection of such information. PROTECTED A & B classified information should be handled and protected by CAN contractors in line with their national industrial security program policy. c. In general, access to PROTECTED A & B and UK O and UK OS classified information will be limited to those personnel who as a minimum, have been subjected to basic recruitment checks which should establish proof of identity, nationality, right to work, employment history and a check of criminal records as permitted under UK and CAN national laws, regulations and policies. (i.e. within the UK, the Baseline Personnel Security Standard (BPSS) will apply). For PROTECTED information, detailed requirements will be identified in CAN contract clauses and handling instructions. d. Canadian suppliers are not required to hold a Facility Security Clearance (FSC) or any other organization screening for access to UK O and UK OS classified information. Similarly, suppliers to UK MOD are not required to hold an FSC (i.e. FSC/List X) for access to PROTECTED information but must meet the requirements identified in the contract clause handling instruction provided by the Canadian International Industrial Security Directorate. The involvement of suppliers (e.g. subcontractors) outside of CAN and UK will be subject to national release approval procedures from the respective Program Management Offices. e. Classified information at UK OS level may be transmitted physically by UK contractors direct to CAN contractors in accordance with national procedures, which, may include the use of commercial couriers. Such transmission is subject to obtaining the necessary release approval from the UK PMO/information owner and the inclusion of the UK OS Security a. Conditions at Annex to the Security Aspects Letter and Contractual Security Conditions ISN. f. Transmission of UK OS classified information by electronic means must be protected using cryptographic devices that have been approved by the UK MOD Security Authorities and/or respective PMOs. The availability of nationally approved cryptographic devices may be obtained from the respective Security Authorities. Classified information at the UK O level may be transmitted electronically in clear text subject to any ÔHandling InstructionÕ provided by the UK PMO/information owner. Specific methods of transmission will be identified in the Program Security Instructions. g. When no longer required, or when a contract is completed, UK O and UK OS classified information may be retained subject to the contractual requirements/conditions. Disposal of such information must be via nationally approved methods of destruction, standards and/or as stipulated in the contractual conditions. Such disposal/destruction methods relate to information in paper or electronic form. h. The physical transfer of classified information/material as freight between the UK and CAN will be subject to approval of a Transportation Plan/Movement Plan by the respective CAN and UK PMOÕs and Security Authorities. 5.