Document for details) (3) References in this Schedule to a police and crime panel vetoing the appointment of a candidate are references to the panel making a decision, by the required majority, that the candidate should not be appointed as chief constable. (4) For that purpose, the panel makes that decision by the required majority if at least two-thirds of the persons who are members of the panel at the time when the decision is made vote in favour of making that decision. (5) The power conferred by this paragraph is exercisable in relation to a proposed appointment only during the period of three weeks mentioned in paragraph 4(6). Confirmation hearings 6 (1) A police and crime panel must hold a confirmation hearingÑ (a) before making a report under paragraph 4 to the police and crime commissioner in relation to a proposed appointment of a chief constable, and (b) before making a recommendation under paragraph 4 (where applicable) or vetoing an appointment under paragraph 5 (where applicable). (2) For the purposes of this Part a Òconfirmation hearingÓ is a meeting of the panel, held in public, at which the candidate is requested to appear for the purpose of answering questions relating to the appointment. (3) References in this Part to a person appearing at a meeting of the panel are references to the personÑ (a) attending the meeting in person, or (b) not attending the meeting in person, but participating in the proceedings at the meeting by any means that enable the person to hear, and be heard in, those proceedings as they happen. Next steps if no veto 7 (1) This paragraph applies if the police and crime panel does not veto the appointment of a candidate. (2) The police and crime commissioner may accept or reject the panel's recommendation as to whether or not the candidate should be appointed. (3) The police and crime commissioner must notify the panel of the decision whether to accept or reject the recommendation. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 205 Next steps if veto 8 (1) This paragraph applies if the police and crime panel vetoes the appointment of a candidate. (2) The police and crime commissioner must not appoint that candidate as chief constable. (3) Sub-paragraph (2) is subject to regulations under paragraph 10. Regulations 9 (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations aboutÑ (a) the steps that are required to be taken by paragraphs 3 to 8, and (b) procedures that are to be followed in taking such steps. (2) The regulations may, in particular, make provision about the time limits applicable in taking steps or following procedures (if, or to the extent that, this