progress the enquiry. The circumstances surrounding the initial account should be recorded, and if the witness is receiving non urgent attention, permission should be obtained from medical staff. Suitable care and support can then be provided prior to an in-depth interview. For further information see also: Obtaining initial accounts Ministry of Justice (2022) Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on interviewing victims and witnesses, and guidance on using special measures, paragraphs 2.40 to 2.70 Initial risk assessment Risk assessment begins the moment that the circumstances of the crime are notified to the police and must continue throughout the investigation. Potential risks should be identified and decisions made about how to minimise and manage them throughout the investigation and criminal justice processes. Some of the early risk assessment can be conducted through call taker actions. The information provided to the call taker can be passed to the initial investigators so that they are fully informed and can continue assessing risk on arrival at the scene. The Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales, November 2020 specifies that all victims have a right to be offered support when reporting a crime, this should include, and be linked to an initial needs assessment. Potential risks: the physical health and welfare of the victim or other witnesses the suspect(s), who may still be present or in the vicinity and posing a threat forensic or other relevant material which may be disposed of, destroyed or damaged risk to other potential victims or witnesses caused by the commission of further offences Managing risks Having identified the potential risks and assessed the needs of the victim (where appropriate), investigators must manage the identified risks and provide appropriate support. In the early stages of the investigation, this may include providing first aid or access to medical treatment, security and protection. These decisions should be subject to continual review during the investigation. The initial management of risk depends on the scale and complexity of the investigation. In simple cases, risk may be managed by a single officer. Call taker actions: conduct an initial victims needs assessment where appropriate prioritise the safety of the victim and any other witnesses keep the victim fully updated of the deployment of officers if the suspect is still present at the scene, keep the caller on the line as this is a means of monitoring the incident and any background noise will automatically be recorded and can be used as evidence if the suspect has left the scene, advise the caller to lock and secure the premises and to return to the telephone. Obtain a full description of the suspect and circulate it to officers in the area Witness reluctance to attend an interview or provide a statement A victim/witness may be reluctant to attend an interview or provide a statement. Where this happens, investigators should sensitively try to establish why they are reluctant and, where possible, take steps to mitigate these reasons and provide reassurance. This may include