any alternative way of being dealt with for the offence (other than attending an approved course); Òspecified fixed penalty offenceÓ means an offence specified under paragraph (7). (7) The Department of Justice may by regulationsÑ (a) specify fixed penalty offences for the purposes of this Article; (b) specify a body to approve courses for the purposes of this Article. (8) Nothing in this Article limits any power to charge fees apart from this Article. 91H Power to prevent courses being offered for repeat offences (1) The Department of Justice may by regulations prohibit the Chief Constable from offering an approved course to a person as an alternative to prosecution for a specified fixed penalty offence whereÑ (a) there is a course fee, and (b) the person has, within a period specified in the regulations, satisfactorily completed a similar approved course in respect of an earlier specified fixed penalty offence. (2) The regulations must include provision for the purpose of identifying what counts as a ÒsimilarÓ course; and that provision may, in particular, confer power on a person to determine what courses count as similar. (3) In this Article the following terms have the meaning given by Article 91G(6)Ñ Òapproved courseÓ; ÒprosecutionÓ; Òspecified fixed penalty offenceÓ. 91I Further provision about regulations under this Part (1) Regulations under this Part are subject to negative resolution. (2) Regulations under Article 91G(4) may be made only with the consent of the Department of Finance. (3) Regulations under this Part may include such incidental or supplementary provision as appears to the Department of Justice to be necessary or expedient.Ó (3) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend Part 3B of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 for the purpose of making provision corresponding or similar to section 90G or 90H of that Act in relation to courses offered as an alternative to prosecution in Scotland for a fixed penalty offence. (4) In subsection (3) Òfixed penalty offenceÓ means an offence that is a fixed penalty offence for the purposes of Part 3 of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (see section 51 of that Act). (5) The Secretary of State must consult the Lord Advocate before making regulations under subsection (3). (1) 108 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4B Ð Courses offered as alternative to prosecution CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) The power to make regulations under subsection (3) is exercisable by statutory instrument. (7) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (3) may not be made unless a draft