of the individuals named in the order both inside and outside of England and Wales; and • to include terms which cover individuals who are, or may become involved in other respects (or instead of the original respondents) and who may commit or attempt to commit FGM against a girl. Orders may also be made against people, who are not named in the application. This is in recognition of the complexity of the issues and the numbers of people who might be involved in the wider community. Additional information on legal interventions is contained at Annex E. 31 ÒgirlÓ is used throughout this section, but by virtue of section 6(1) of the 2003 Act, ÒgirlÓ includes womanÕ, i.e. a woman of any age can be protected by an FGMPO. 3.3.1 Applications An application for an FGMPO can be made to the High Court or the family court by the person to be protected (the victim), or a Òrelevant third partyÓ (a person or body specified, or in a class specified by the Lord Chancellor for this purpose) without the leave of the court. Local authorities have been specified as a Òrelevant third partyÓ32. An application can also be made by Ôany other personÕ with the leave of the court. In deciding whether to grant leave, the court must have regard to all the circumstances, including the applicantÕs connection with, and knowledge of, the circumstances of the girl. More information on applying for FGMPOs can be found on GOV.uk33. A court can also make an FGMPO without application being made to it in certain family proceedings. In addition, a criminal court can also make an FGMPO, without application, in criminal proceedings for a genital mutilation offence where the person who would be a respondent to any proceedings for an FGMPO is a defendant in the criminal proceedings. An FGMPO can be made in such criminal proceedings to protect a girl at risk, whether or not they are the victim of the offence in relation to the criminal proceedings. For example, the younger sister of the victim of a genital mutilation offence could also be protected by the court in criminal proceedings. An application for a FGMPO is not an alternative to the work of the police and CPS in investigating and prosecuting crimes. Crimes may be investigated and offenders prosecuted at the same time as an application is made for an FGMPO or an order is in force. 3.3.2 Conditions of an Order The terms of an FGMPO may relate to conduct inside and/or outside of England and Wales (or Northern Ireland). An FGMPO may be made for a specified period or until varied or discharged. The applicant or the court must serve the order on the police, including the local police station of the girl being protected. When local authorities have obtained a FGMPO or are aware that one is in place, it is essential that they work closely with the victim and the relevant support service, if there is