necessary amendments to the Sexual Offence Act 2003 (Òthe 2003 ActÓ) and other primary legislation to this end. 3. The terms child prostitution and child pornography are referred to in the titles of sections 48 (causing or inciting child prostitution or pornography), 49 (controlling a child prostitute or a child involved in pornography) and 50 (arranging or facilitating child prostitution or pornography) of the 2003 Act, and in the body of those sections (and also in section 51, which contains definitions). Section 67 of the Serious Crime Act amends those sections of the 2003 Act so as to replace these terms with references to the sexual exploitation of children (and so recognising children as victims), but do not alter the scope of the relevant offences. The changes to the terminology used are intended to reflect a modern understanding of the position of children involved in such activities. They do not however change the behaviour to which the offences apply, which remains the recording of an indecent image of a person or the offer or provision of sexual services to another person in return for payment or a promise of payment. Amendment to section 1 of the Street Offences Act 1959 4. Section 67 of the Serious Crime Act also amends section 1 of the Street Offences Act 1959 so that the offence of loitering or soliciting for the purposes of prostitution only applies to adults. It, in effect, decriminalises under-18s selling sex in the street and in doing so again recognise children as victims in such circumstances rather than consenting participants (buying sex from an under-18 in any circumstances would remain illegal). Home Office March 2015 Serious Crime Act 2015 Fact sheet: Domestic Abuse Offence Background 1. Domestic abuse is a serious crime. It shatters the lives of its victims, and in some cases, leads to tragic and untimely deaths. That is why tackling domestic violence and abuse has been one of the GovernmentÕs top priorities. 2. In recent years, much has been done to improve the response to domestic violence and abuse. The ÔThis is AbuseÕ campaign helps young people recognise abusive behaviours. The Government has increased the tools available to the police through the national roll-out of the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme, also known as ClareÕs Law, and Domestic Violence Protection Orders. 3. In September 2013 the Home Secretary commissioned Her MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) to review the police response to domestic abuse. HMIC reported their findings in March 2014, and identified significant failings. The Home Secretary is clear that there must be an immediate and lasting change in the police response to domestic abuse. This means a change in culture from the officers in charge to those on the frontline. The Home Secretary chairs a National Oversight Group to make sure this happens and all police forces have now published action plans to address HMICÕs findings. 4. However, it is also vital that the legal framework provides the best possible protection to victims. Statistics from the