Honour based Abuse is a collection of practices, which are used to control behaviour within families and/or communities to protect perceived cultural & religious beliefs and/or honour. Such violence can occur when perpetrators perceive that a relative has shamed the family and / or community by breaking their honour code or code of behaviour. An honour code can define a familyÕs mindset, way of life or lifestyle. Women and girls are predominantly (but not exclusively) the victims of Ôhonour based violenceÕ, which is used to assert male power in order to control female autonomy and sexuality. ÔHonour Based AbuseÕ can be distinguished from other forms of violence, as it is often committed with some degree of approval and/or collusion from family and / or community members. Examples may include murder, un-explained death (suicide), fear of or actual forced marriage, controlling sexual activity, domestic abuse (including psychological, physical, sexual, financial or emotional abuse), child abuse, rape, kidnapping, false imprisonment, threats to kill, assault, harassment, forced abortion. This list is not exhaustive. Such abuse cuts across all cultures, nationalities, faith groups and communities. It transcends national and international boundaries. We have learnt that concepts of honour and shame have long been associated with Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT+) people in affected communities, where there are actual or threatened forced marriages and where the potential for other forms of honour based abuse are seen as a significant and real threat. In addition we know that know that Romany Gypsies and Irish Travellers as racial groups have their own honour code, which governs the conduct of women and girls. Perceptions of Honour: (examples but not limited to) • Self-awareness / Pride - In communities where honour is prevalent, upholding perceived standards of behaviour can become the basis of a personÕs identity and positive self-image. • Increased Security and Prospects for Offspring - Families which conform to accepted standards of honour and moral behaviour are more likely to receive benefits • in terms of a better future, especially for their sons, who enjoy increased marriage and career prospects within their community. • Improved Contacts, Business Opportunities and Social Status - Families which publicly uphold their honour usually gain increased social status and respect. This can result in better contacts within the community which can lead to material benefits such as greater trade for owners of shops and businesses. • Sense of Superiority - For those with low career prospects, investing in ideas of honour can provide a way to feel superior towards strangers and again increase their social standing within the community. Ways in which honour can be damaged: (examples but not limited to) • Defying Parental Authority - In many cultures, elder members of the family are expected to control their children. Parents who publicly fail to do so may lose status in the community as a result. • Becoming ÔWesternisedÕ (Clothes, Behaviour, Attitude) - Families who allow their children to assimilate into wider society can be seen as betraying their origins, their