research method (Westmarland and Bows 2019). We sent a Freedom of Information request to all UK police forces Ð 49 in total: the 43 territorial forces in England and Wales, the two national police forces in Scotland and Northern Ireland, and four specialist police forces (British Transport Police, Civil Nuclear Constabulary, Ministry of Defence Police and Port of Dover Police). There were two parts to the request; the "rst part asked for the number of needle spiking reports they had received in the months of September, October, November and December in 2021 compared to the same months in the four previous years (the numbers were negligible in previous years so are not reported in this analysis). 33 of the 49 forces supplied us with this information or part of this information, including four nil returns (a response rate of 66%). The total number of incidents was 875. The second part of the request asked for more detail about the incidents. We asked for victim sex, suspect sex, whether the suspect was known to the victim, the location of the incident, whether any other allegations were made alongside the needle spiking, which drugs had been identi"ed, the location of the needle wound, and whether a suspect had been identi"ed, charged and/or outcome known. 27 of the 50 forces (a response rate of 54%) responded to this part of the request, giving us information about 489 incidents, although there were high levels of missing data for some variables. After data collation and cleaning in Microsoft Excel, frequencies were calculated. Five telephone interviews were conducted by the "rst author (Westmarland) to understand the experiences of those who had been needle spiked. Participants were self-selecting from across England and Wales and were recruited through social media. Four participants were women, and one was a man (Participant 2). Four of the "ve participants were university students. Respondents were asked to explain, in their own words, what had happened to them and were encouraged to go at their own speed and tell their own experience in the way that suited them. Prompts included asking about responses from the police, from any medical professionals they had sought help from, and from their university if relevant. Referrals to support services were made at the end of the interview where needed. Several interviewees thanked us for the opportunity to tell their story and to feel believed and have their experience validated Ð sometimes for the "rst time. Given the small number of interviews, they are treated as individual case studies rather than attempting any form of thematic analysis. The number of interviews is small Ð in part because the study received no external funding due to the speed at which the problem and opportunity for data collection started and in part because they were designed to add additional depth to the FOI rather than to develop conclusions in themselves. However, they do constitute the only interviews with needle spiking victims in academic research to date. Overall patterns from the