Civil War Society. However, periods covered by re-enactors using firearms extend from the Middle Ages to the Second World War and later. Re- enactors possessing black powder (gunpowder) will also need an Explosives Certificate. Muzzle-loading muskets and small cannon are classed as section 2 shot guns for certification purposes. Re-enactors may also use imitation and deactivated firearms which are not subject to certification, especially for the more modern period. However, re-enactors will often wish to demonstrate the workings of their weapons in detail, and weapons falling within section 1 of the 1968 Act will be appropriate for this purpose. A distinction is made between battle re-enactors and those involved in historical performance where there are characters in a public presentation using some form of a script and rehearsals and firearms and blank ammunition may be needed as props. In the absence of Court rulings, chief officers of police may consider that only the latter qualify for the exemption to hold a certificate under section 12(1) of the 1968 Act (see also Chapter 6). 12.70 Firearms commonly used for re-enactment may include rifles (generally bolt-action or single shot), rifled muskets and other muzzle-loading small-arms, muzzle-loading cannon, other artillery, and guns mounted on tanks, ships and other armoured fighting vehicles. Many Lee-Enfield .303 ÒriflesÓ and any other rifles of World War One and Two vintage will have been smooth-bored in the past for use as shot guns, albeit now held as weapons falling within section 1 of the 1968 Act with large capacity or detachable magazines. For large guns with a crew, for example, a 109 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law muzzle-loading cannon over 2 inch bore, only the gun captain need hold a firearm certificate. Live ammunition for target shooting should not generally be authorised for weapons used for re-enactment. Antique weapons fired with blank ammunition (for example Snider-Enfield and Martini Henry rifles used by Victorian re-enactment groups) should be held on certificate. If any weapon is used for more than one purpose Ð for example, a re-enactor may wish to hold the same weapon for muzzle-loading target shooting Ð it should be able to be clarified for the chief officer of police to record the case. 12.71 Re-enactors will normally be a member of an appropriate society for the historical period concerned and be authorised to possess firearms relating to the period and the role played, though this is not a requirement. Some re-enactors, in particular cavalry soldiers, may be members of several societies and play a range of roles with need for a mixture of historical weapons. Muzzle-loading pistols, including muzzle-loading revolvers used by American Civil War re- enactors and ÒWestern GroupsÓ, will normally be authorised for those playing officers, cavalry soldiers or cowboys. In cases of doubt the chief officer of police may wish to consult with the officers and officials of the relevant re-enactment society concerned. Theatrical use 12.72 Section 12 of the 1968 Act permits people taking part in a theatrical performance, rehearsal or the production