and opportunities for professional development for persons serving or employed for policing purposes in England and Wales; references to the provision of training include references to the provision of assessment and examination services; references to a person serving or employed for policing purposes in England and Wales are references to a person who is— a member of a police force in England and Wales, a special constable appointed under section 27 of the 1996 Act, F223... a person employed for the purposes of a police force in England and Wales][F224or a person designated as a community support volunteer or a policing support volunteer under section 38 of the Police Reform Act 2002.] Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 83 Part 4 – Police Training Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Directions after inspection identifies training needs Where a report made to the Secretary of State on an inspection under section 54 of the 1996 Act (functions of inspectors of constabulary) contains recommendations in the case of any police force for the taking of measures relating to— the provision of training, or the provision of opportunities for professional development, the Secretary of State may direct the [F225local policing body] responsible for maintaining that force to take such measures relating to those matters as may be specified in the direction. A [F225local policing body] shall comply with any direction given to it under this section. Joint provision of training For section 23(6) of the 1996 Act (collaboration agreements) there shall be substituted— “(6) In subsection (1)— the reference to members of a police force includes a reference to special constables appointed for the area for which that force is maintained, and the reference to police functions includes a reference to functions with respect to training and the provision of opportunities for professional development.” Supplemental provisions in relation to police training Orders and regulations under Part 4 Any power of the Secretary of State to make orders or regulations under this Part shall be exercisable by statutory instrument. Any order or regulations made by the Secretary of State under this Part may make different provision for different cases. 84 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear