the designation may be exercised or performed by the person designated— in such areas outside the area of the police force in question as are specified in the designation (as well as within the area of the police force); only in such parts of the area of that police force as are specified in the designation; only in cases or circumstances so specified.] [F405A relevant employee]F406. . . authorised or required to do anything by virtue of a designation under this section— shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of that employment; and shall be so authorised or required subject to such restrictions and conditions (if any) as may be specified in his designation. [F407(7A) A police volunteer authorised or required to do anything by virtue of a designation under this section — shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than while acting as a police volunteer; shall be so authorised or required subject to such restrictions and conditions (if any) as may be specified in the designation.] Where any power exercisable by any person in reliance on his designation under this section is a power which, in the case of its exercise by a constable, includes or is supplemented by a power to use reasonable force, any person exercising that power in reliance on that designation shall have the same entitlement as a constable to use reasonable force. Where any power exercisable by any person in reliance on his designation under this section includes power to use force to enter any premises, that power shall not be exercisable by that person except— in the company, and under the supervision, of a constable; or for the purpose of saving life or limb or preventing serious damage to property. [F408(9A) The chief officer of police of a police force must ensure that no person designated by the chief officer under this section is authorised to use a firearm, within the meaning given by section 57(1) of the Firearms Act 1968, in carrying out functions for the purposes of the designation. (9B) However, subsection (9A) does not apply to— 90 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the use of a weapon, designed or adapted for the discharge of either of the following substances, for the purpose of discharging either of those substances— the substance, commonly known as