provides rehabilitation programs, they do not have sufficient funding to successfully address these crises.8 Policy Idea The US Congress should amend 10 U.S.C §127e to require §127e operations to be subject to DoD Leahy law and mandate annual audits of Leahy law compliance. Funding provided to any operation found to violate Leahy law should be immediately terminated and diverted to the VA for rehabilitation programs of veterans who have served in Iraq or Afghanistan. In addition to current reporting to the Appropriations and Armed Services Committees, Congress should double their reporting requirements, mandating DoD reports of §127e operations to all congressional offices at least 30 days prior to new initiatives. In order to ensure accountability and compliance, the DoD should also be held responsible for creating a biannual report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Failure to adhere to reporting requirements would be grounds for funding removal and reallocation to the VA. Policy Analysis The DoD Leahy law prohibits DoD assistance of foreign military units that have committed a gross violation of human rights, including torture, extrajudicial killing, disappearances, and rape.9 However, exemption of §127e operations from these regulations, combined with the use of force beyond what is authorized under the 2001 AUMF, essentially nullifies Leahy law. Although most details remain confidential, §127e operations have already violated Leahy law prohibitions, including the secret employment of a Cameroonian military unit known for torture and extrajudicial killings.10 Holding §127e operations to Leahy law standards recommits American resources to complying with international and human rights law and prevents unnecessary military engagements. Additionally, diverting funding to VA rehabilitation programs would help alleviate immense fiscal shortcomings that prevent veterans from accessing the care they are entitled to. Veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars are entitled to lifelong free or low-cost medical treatment, which is estimated to cost the U.S. $600 billion to $1 trillion over the next 40 years.11 However, the VA is extremely underfunded: in July 2024, the VA reported a nearly $15 billion shortfall to Congress, $12 billion of which is needed for healthcare provisions.8 Reallocating funding for §127e operations would enhance the VA’s ability to provide healthcare treatment for veterans and deliver on their promises. Lastly, enhancing reporting requirements for §127e operations ensures stricter congressional oversight of secretive US-sponsored violence, which subsequently holds the DoD accountable to public opinion and the law. In 2021, 68% of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America members want to repeal or reform the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs, and 62% of Americans viewed the Afghanistan and Iraq wars as not worth fighting.12,13,14 Oversight ensures that the DoD cannot use §127e funding for operations not authorized for attack under the 2001 AUMF. Highlights 10 U.S.C. §127e currently allows the United States Department of Defense (DoD) to fund secret proxy wars across the world, subject to neither human rights standards nor effective reporting requirements.1,2,4 The rehabilitation needs of veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan include healthcare costs of up to $1