to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes C is authorised or required to discharge any power or duty conferred or imposed by the collaboration designation subject to the restrictions and conditions specified in the collaboration designation. References in this section to the discharge of functions by [F419persons designated under section 38 by the chief officer of police of the assisting force] for the purposes of the assisted force have the same meaning as in [F420section 23AA] of the Police Act 1996. In this section— “civilian employee” has the meaning given by section 23I of the Police Act 1996; “relevant police collaboration provision” means provision, contained in a collaboration agreement under section 22A of the Police Act 1996, which is of the kind referred to in section 23AA of that Act. 38C Designations under section 38B: supplementary provision The collaboration designation of C must be in accordance with the relevant police collaboration provision. Subsection (1) is in addition to section 38B(5) and (8). Subsections (8) and (9) of section 38 apply to any power exercisable by C in reliance on the collaboration designation as they apply to a power exercisable by a person in reliance on a designation under section 38. In exercising or performing any power or duty in reliance on the collaboration designation, C is to be taken— as exercising or performing that power or duty in reliance on that collaboration designation (and not in reliance on any designation under section 38); and 94 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes accordingly, as not being a designated person (within the meaning of section 46(1)) by virtue of any designation under section 38. Expressions used in this section and section 38B have the same meanings in this section as in section 38B.] Police powers for contracted-out staff This section applies if a [F421local policing body] has entered into a contract with a person (“the contractor”) for the provision of services relating to the detention or escort of persons who have been arrested or are otherwise in custody. The chief officer of police of the police force maintained by that [F421local policing body] may designate any person who is an employee of the contractor as either