ACADEMy requested and implemented across the country to reduce fatal police encounters and rebuild community trust. First, although uCPD officers were already equipped with BWCs, calls for more transparency within the police department reverberated. Second, uCPD’s use-of-force policy and training were heavily scrutinized and, ultimately, dramatically changed to incorporate de-escalation tactics. Third, direct calls for implicit bias training for officers were made and answered with the rapid delivery of the leading curriculum in the field. Additionally, an early intervention system—designed to identify potentially prob- lematic officers prior to a critical incident—was hastily implemented. Finally, the long and challenging task of rebuilding public trust through increased commu- nity engagement and citizen oversight began. Each of these approaches—(1) BWCs, (2) de-escalation training, (3) implicit bias training, (4) early intervention systems, and (5) civilian oversight—are the most typical and frequently called for reform efforts after a controversial shooting. As such, many might be surprised to learn that the body of evidence supporting the effectiveness of most of these initiatives is generally thin and, in some cases, nearly nonexistent. The remaining sections of this article outline the research evidence for each of the five initiatives outlined above, highlighting the uCPD’s experience in the implementation of use-of-force reforms. Implications for evidence-based use-of-force reform are discussed, and critical next steps for effective change are highlighted. Body-worn cameras Calls for police to adopt BWCs have proliferated in recent years across the united States. A recent study using a nationally representative sample of police agencies estimated that one-third of American law enforcement agencies cur- rently deploy BWCs to some or all of their officers, and an additional 50 percent of agencies have immediate plans to deploy them (Police Executive Research Forum 2018). These devices are theorized to impact officer behavior through their deterrent effect on unconstitutional interactions with the public, particu- larly for excessive use of force (Ariel, Farrar, and Sutherland 2015). There is an abundance of research suggesting that when people know they are being observed, they alter their behavior to better adhere to social norms (Diener and Wallbom 1976). Theory follows, then, that when officers know they are being recorded, they will be more likely to behave in a constitutional manner. Despite this assumption, a majority (over 90 percent) of surveyed police agencies indicate that the primary reason for their adoption of BWCs is to improve community trust by promoting accountability, transparency, and legitimacy (Police Executive Research Forum 2018), not necessarily to change police behavior. Research on BWCs has increased exponentially in recent years, spurred on, in part, by significant interest and funding from the philanthropic community. This research has examined multiple outcomes with varying units of analysis, includ- ing the attitudes and behavior of officers and citizens, police investigations, and organizational effects (Lum et al. 2019). A recent comprehensive review of research on BWCs, conducted by Lum and colleagues (2019), identified seventy studies, sixteen of which specifically measured officers’ reported use of force as MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 153 a dependent variable. These studies report