that the respondent is in breach of any of its provisions, the person may apply to a relevant judge for the issue of a warrant for the arrest of the respondent. A relevant judge may not issue a warrant on an application under subsection (2) unless the judge has reasonable grounds for believing that the respondent is in breach of any provision of the injunction. If a person is brought before a court by virtue of a warrant under subsection (3), but the matter is not disposed of, the court may remand the person. Remand for medical examination and report This section applies in relation to a person who is brought before the relevant judge or the court under section 43 or 44. If the relevant judge or the court has reason to consider that a medical report will be required, the judge or the court may remand the person under section 43(5) or (as the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 37 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes case may be) 44(4) for the purpose of enabling a medical examination to take place and a report to be made. If the person is remanded in custody for that purpose, the adjournment may not be for more than 3 weeks at a time. If the person is remanded on bail for that purpose, the adjournment may not be for more than 4 weeks at a time. If the relevant judge or the court has reason to suspect that the person is suffering from a mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1983, the judge or the court has the same power to make an order under section 35 of that Act (remand for report on accused's medical condition) as the Crown Court has under that section in the case of an accused person (within the meaning of that section). Further provision about remands Schedule 5 (which makes further provision about the remand of a person under sections 43(5) and 44(4)) has effect. [F1946A Breach of injunction: supplementary powers in respect of under-18s Schedule 5A (which makes provision about the powers of the court in relation to breach of an injunction by a respondent aged under 18) has effect.] [F20Appeals 46B Appeals against decisions of youth courts An appeal lies to the Crown Court against a decision of a youth court made under this Part. 38 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version