the Crown Court. It is unlikely in reality that all cases will progress through one court. There is a risk that more/fewer offenders may be tried in the Magistrates' Courts or the Crown Courts Extension of extra territorial jurisdiction For the lower cost estimate, data from 2012 was used across all four Computer Misuse Act offences to estimate the proportion of cases tried in the Magistrates and Crown Court. For the upper cost estimate it is assumed that all cases progress through the Crown Court. This is to cover the risk that jurisdiction will only be extended for more serious crimes, where proceedings are likely to occur in the Crown Court. Source: MoJ internal analvsis, 2013. Proportion sentenced to immediate custody and average custodial sentence length Section 3A offence • In the absence of robust proxy data for the new offence, 'worst case scenarios' wereestimated by assuming that all those proceeded against are sentenced to immediate custody and that the offender receives the maximum sentence possible; that is 6 months if tried in the Magistrates Court and 2 years if in the Crown Court. There is a risk that fewer defendants will be sentenced to immediate custody. There is a risk that the average custodial sentence length given will be shorter. There,. is a risk that jurisdiction will only be extended in the most serious cases and that the average custodial sentence length given could be higher. Extension of extra territorial jurisdiction • For the lower cost estimate data from 2012 was used across all Computer Misuse Act offences. Data shows that approximately 30% of all Computer Misuse Act proceedings resulted in a custodial sentence and that the average custodial sentence length given was approximately 18 months across all cases, in all courts. • For the upper cost estimate, it is assumed that all those proceeded against are sentenced to immediate custody. To estimate the custodial sentence length we use data from 2012 to indicate the maximum custodial sentence given across all Computer Misuse Act offences. From 2002-2012 the lonqest custodial sentence.._g iv_e_n_ ------á--- á-- . Assumption for a Computer Misuse Act offence was 60months (for the offence of 'unauthorised acts with intent to impair or with recklessness as to impairing, operation of computer'). It is assumed that the custodial sentence length for cases where jurisdiction is extended will be the same. ,, Source: MoJ internal analysis,_20_13_. Risks/Limitations - j Crown Prosecution Service costs Section 3A offence • The estimated Crown Prosecution Service costs consist of two broad categories, advocacy costs and Activity Based Costings. The primary purpose of the Activity Based Costings model is resource distribution, and has several limitations (see risks). The costs reflect the different Activity Based Costings and advocacy costs for guilty plea, cracked and effective trials. Source: MoJ internal analysis, 2013 Extension of extra territorial jurisdiction The key limitation of the Activity Based Costings model is that it is built purely on staff time and excludes accommodation and other ancillary costs (e.g. those associated with