any place to which, at the time of the proposed exercise of the powers, the public or any section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission, or in any other place to which at that time people have ready access but which is not a dwelling. But if the vehicle is in a garden or yard or other land occupied with and used for the purposes of a dwelling, the officer may exercise the powers under subsection (4) only if the officer has reasonable grounds for believing— that the person does not reside in the dwelling, and that the vehicle is not in the place in question with the express or implied permission of another who resides in the dwelling. The officer may, so far as the officer thinks it necessary or expedient for the purpose of seizing the property under section 127C, require the person to— permit entry to the vehicle, permit a search of the vehicle. An officer exercising a power under subsection (4) may detain the vehicle for so long as is necessary for its exercise. A power conferred by this section may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 127G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. 127G “Appropriate approval” This section has effect for the purposes of sections 127C, 127D, 127E and 127F. 60 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The appropriate approval, in relation to the exercise of a power by an appropriate officer, means the approval of the sheriff or (if that is not practicable in any case) the approval of a senior officer. A senior officer means— in relation to the exercise of a power by an officer of Revenue and Customs, an officer of Revenue and Customs of a rank designated by the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs as equivalent to that of a senior police officer, in relation to the exercise of a power by a constable, a senior police officer. A senior police officer means a police officer of at least the rank of inspector. 127H Exercise of powers without judicial approval An appropriate officer must give a written report to the appointed person in any case where— the officer seizes property under section 127C without the approval of the sheriff, and any of the property seized is not detained for more than 48 hours. An appropriate officer must also