of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998. Information, consultation etc 11 Information for public etc (1) An elected local policing bodyÑ (a) must publish specified information; and (b) if the time or manner of the publication of that information is specified, must publish it at that time or in that manner. (2) For that purpose, ÒspecifiedÓ means specified by the Secretary of State by order. (3) An elected local policing body must publish the information which the body considers to be necessary to enable the persons who live in the body's area to assessÑ (a) the performance of the body in exercising the body's functions, and (b) the performance of the relevant chief officer of police in exercising the chief officer's functions. (4) The information necessary to enable those persons to assess those matters by reference to a particular time, or a particular period, must be published by the elected local policing body as soon as practicable after that time or the end of that period. (5) An elected local policing body may provide (whether by publication or other means) information aboutÑ (a) the exercise of the body's functions, and (b) the exercise of the functions of the relevant chief officer of police. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 15 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 12 Annual reports (1) Each elected local policing body must produce a report (an Òannual reportÓ) onÑ (a) the exercise of the body's functions in each financial year, and (b) the progress which has been made in the financial year in meeting the police and crime objectives in the body's police and crime plan. (2) As soon as practicable after producing an annual report, the elected local policing body must send the report to the relevant police and crime panel. (3) The elected local policing body must attend before the panel at the public meeting arranged by the panel in accordance with section 28(4), toÑ (a) present the report to the panel, and (b) answer the panel's questions on the report. (4) The elected local policing body mustÑ (a) give the panel a response to any report or recommendations on the annual report (see section 28(4)), and (b) publish any such response. (5) It is for the police and crime panel to determine the manner in which a response to a report or recommendations is to be published in accordance with subsection (4)(b). (6) An elected local policing body must arrange for each annual report to be published. (7) It is for the elected local policing body to determine the manner in which an annual report is to be published. 13 Information for police and crime panels (1) An elected local policing body