gangÕs territory could push the respondent into the territory of a rival gang, putting them at risk of harm. It is good practice to include a map as part of the application that clearly shows the proposed exclusion zone. This map should be based on the locations of any gang-related incidents that the respondent has been involved with in the past (and on which the applicant intends to rely in the application for the injunction). These areas will most likely fall within the respondentÕs Ôgang territoryÕ. If the proposed exclusion zone covers areas in which the respondent lives, works, studies or worships (or engages in any other reasonable activity), the applicant will need to allow for a clear travel route to and from these locations. The respondent will also need to provide details of any other locations or appointments they will need to attend during the period of the injunction, and the applicant will need to ensure that acceptable arrangements are made to facilitate this and that this 23 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing is clearly detailed within the injunction. In the case of 14 to 17 year olds, applicants may wish to consider specifying that the respondent can only enter the exclusion zone in the company of an identified appropriate adult (e.g. a parent or youth worker). Having realistic and clearly identified routes and agreed arrangements will make exclusion zones significantly easier to enforce. Where there is a history of the respondent being involved in gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing against ÔrivalÕ gangs, it may be appropriate to prevent the respondent from entering the rival gangÕs ÔterritoryÕ. However the applicant will need to be able to justify this. An example of when this might be justified is if a critical incident has occurred where the victim was one of the respondentÕs close associates and it is believed that the respondent will be looking to exact revenge on the rival gang in an imminent attack which, may in turn, make the respondent a victim of a reprisal attack. Where a respondent is in custody, it may be useful for the applicant to share the community tension document with the Prison Intelligence Manager where these are in use. 8.2.3. Dangerous dogs and other animals Gang members may use dogs and other animals to incite fear, intimidate others or to commit acts of violence. In these circumstances, applicants may wish to consider prohibiting the respondent from being in charge of a particular species of animal or from being in a particular place with a particular species of animal. 8.2.4. The use of the internet and other technologies There may be cases where the respondent is using, or has in the past used, the internet to encourage or assist gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. This may include posting videos that promote their gang or threaten rival gangs on video-sharing websites, or uploading details of gang Ômeet-upsÕ on social networking websites. In such cases, it may