the same strategies of authority de- rived from the certainties (if not of objectivity, at least of controlled partiality) produced by the experiences of direct contact and dialogue with the persons who inhabit ethnographic narratives. On the other, it requires that the re- searcher establishes a dialogue with, and consider the agency of, those who are not immediately identified as sub- jects in the research: the persons being documented and the very papers or other material supports of graphic, textual, sound and/or audiovisual records. Furthermore, there are those who consider that bureaucratic writing was long neglected because it is a very similar knowledge practice to that of anthropologists (Riles, 2006b), because it is tedious and lacking the symbolic richness or density of meaning which make a geertzian ethnographic descrip- tion possible (Graber, 2012), or because it is easy to see documents as simply giving immediate access to what they document, denying the role of mediation (Hull, 2012b). The most classic way of dealing with documents is precisely to look through them, and not so much at them (Hull, 2012a, p.253), in order to produce ethnographic narratives about scenes, discourses and events that were not di- rectly observed by the researchers. That is, that were not registered in their field notes firsthand, but rather came to them previously documented by others (Vianna, 2014). Starting with the "historical turn" of the 1980s, the idea of an ethnography of/in archives (Castro and Cunha, 2005; Cunha, 2004 e 2005; Castro, 2008; Zeitlyn, 2012), in its mul- tiple modes and metaphorical extensions, became increasingly less exotic and more frequent. Since then, new methodological strategies have emerged for dealing with documents. As Zeitlyn (2012) discusses, one of these strategies is reading archives against the grain2, that is, subverting the modes of understanding that were imagined and intended by the administrative rationalities that produced and maintained them. This epistemo- logical posture led to the development of critical and imaginative approaches to traditional sources. Its main goals were to excavate subaltern and silenced voices, to rescue actions (or agencies), perceptions and small gestures of resistance from those situated at the margins of official records and, thus, to promote the "insurrection of subju- gated knowledges" (Foucault, 1980, p. 81). More recently, Stoler (2002, 2009) questioned how most colonial archive scholars could so quickly turn to readings against the grain without first moving along the grain. According to her, "assuming we know those scripts (...) dimin- ishes our analytic possibilities" (Id, 2002, p. 100). By analyzing the archive as a cultural artifact, she seeks to under- stand the perspectives and concerns of its producers and administrators, giving particular attention to conventions that shape what can and cannot be recorded: repetitions, acts of forgetfulness, different modes of silencing and the credibility hierarchies that delimit qualified and disqualified knowledges. By moving anthropological self-representations away from ethnography as "participant observation" or as writing, toward ethnography as modes of reading, these lessons from ethnographies of/in archives allow us to broaden the analytical possibilities of