under their direction. Provision of adequate supervision, information, instruction and training for all staff under their direction and control to ensure that employees are competent for their tasks and understand their health and safety responsibilities. Provision of sufficient physical and human resources. Managing and regularly reviewing local health and safety performance, including audit compliance, DSE compliance and accident/injury rates and the provision of continuous feedback to senior managers with regards to compliance rates, successes and failures. Provision of feedback to senior manager with regards to deficiencies and successes in health and safety plans, systems and procedures. Ensuring effective communication of health and safety information and active participation in health and safety activities, plans and performance. More specific responsibilities include: The effective and prompt reporting and investigation of all accidents, injuries, near misses and assaults. Ensuring risk assessments are carried out and action taken to reduce risk, including operational, dynamic and personal risk assessments. Carrying out regular checks and inspections on any plant, machinery and equipment in accordance with any code of practice and manufacturerÕs instructions and ensuring that any necessary repairs carried out on site are done promptly and that defects are reported. Ensuring that all their staff know how to evacuate the premises, providing information as to the location of the assembly point, testing alarms and carrying out evacuation drills. Carrying out workplace inspections and maintaining good standards of health and safety/housekeeping within their work area. Ensuring appropriate numbers of first aiders, fire marshals, DSE assessors, COSHH assessors are available as per the requirements of the local first aid and other risk assessments risk assessment. Ensuring that members of staff and others who require it are provided with and use personal protective clothing and equipment as per the requirements of their role. All Employees and Volunteers All employees, apprentices, young persons and volunteers are responsible for taking care of their own health and safety and others affected by their acts or omissions. The duty of care to third parties is particularly important in relation to visitors and contractors. Responsibilities include: Co-operate with the Wiltshire Chief Constable and Chief Executive of the Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner to comply with statutory provisions or any other health and safety requirement imposed on them and comply with safety instructions, training, policies, risk assessments to ensure their health, safety and welfare. Take care not to misuse or interfere with any safety equipment, machinery or substances provided for health and safety at work. Use any machinery, equipment, substances or equipment in compliance with training and instruction provided. Report to management any work situation with the potential for serious or imminent danger. Report any health and safety hazards or shortcomings in protective measures identified in the workplace and to take such immediate action that is necessary, where this is reasonably practicable, to render the hazard safe. Staff Association Safety Representatives All staff association safety representatives are responsible for carrying out their functions as per the Safety Representatives and Safety Committees Regulations. Responsibilities include: