Procurator Fiscal Service. They are the public official responsible for prosecuting crime. They are also responsible for investigating all sudden, suspicious and unexplained deaths. Supported by procurators fiscal, in circumstances where a death is sudden, suspicious or unexplained, the Lord Advocate will investigate the death and seek to establish the cause of death and the circumstances of the death. If necessary, this may involve instructing that a post-mortem examination is carried out. Death investigations may lead to a fatal accident inquiry (FAI), which is a form of judicial inquiry governed by the Inquiries into Fatal Accidents and Sudden Deaths etc. (Scotland) Act 2016 (IFA(SD)A 2016). The procurator fiscal carries out an investigation to determine whether there are circumstances that suggest the death may have been caused as a result of a criminal act or omission. If so, criminal proceedings may be taken. If not, the investigation may discover that the death has occurred in circumstances where an FAI is appropriate. An FAI is essentially a fact-finding exercise carried out in the public interest. Its purpose is not to apportion blame for the death, but to determine: where and when the death took place the cause of the death reasonable precautions whereby the death might have been avoided the defects, if any, in any system of working that contributed to the death or any accident resulting in the death other facts relevant to the circumstances of the death There are two types of fatal accident inquiry. Mandatory In terms of Section 2 of the IFA(SD)A 2016, a mandatory FAI is conducted where the death occurred in Scotland and where the death occurred: as the result of an accident when the deceased was acting in the course of their employment or occupation, or when the deceased was in legal custody or was a child detained in secure accommodation at the time of the death Discretionary In terms of Section 4 of the IFA(SD)A 2016, a discretionary FAI is conducted on the authority of the Lord Advocate, where the death occurred in Scotland and the Lord Advocate considers that the death was sudden, suspicious or unexplained. Or it occurred in circumstances that give rise to serious public concern and it is decided that it is in the public interest for an inquiry to be held into the circumstances of the death. The FAI takes place in front of a sheriff (judge) and will lead to the sheriff issuing a determination. The purpose of an FAI is to identify any systemic defects in ways of working that led to the death. This is so that the sheriff can make recommendations as to how deaths can be prevented from occurring in similar circumstances in the future. Casualty Bureau The Casualty Bureau (CB) is the central point where all information related to an incident is received, collated and assessed. This includes information about people believed to be involved in the incident. The CB provides resources and a process to manage high-volume data, to identify key or