changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F384the Director General] must notify the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter. Where the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter is notified under subsection (2), it must record the matter under paragraph 14A of Schedule 3 to this Act as a DSI matter. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision modifying Schedule 3 in relation to a DSI matter that, in accordance with subsection (3), is recorded under paragraph 14A of that Schedule but only for the purpose of making provision for the protection of the anonymity of whistle-blowers. In this section, references to the appropriate authority in relation to a DSI matter have the same meaning as in Part 2 (see section 29). 29H [F385Director General's] powers and duties where whistle-blower is deceased The power of the [F386Director General] to carry out an investigation under section 29D(1) applies where the whistle-blower dies before the [F386Director General] becomes aware of the concern (or before [F387the Director General] decides to investigate). Any investigation begun by the [F386Director General] under section 29D(1) before the death of the whistle-blower may be continued after the death. Where a whistle-blower dies— any requirement under this Part to obtain the consent of the whistle- blower may be satisfied by obtaining the consent of that person's approved representative; any requirement under this Part to give any document or other information to the whistle-blower may be satisfied by giving the document or other information to the person's approved representative; any requirement under this Part not to disclose the identity of the whistle- blower does not apply or (where the [F386Director General] became aware of the concern before the death) ceases to apply. For the purpose of this section, “approved representative” means a person who has been approved by the [F386Director General] for the purposes of this Part. The [F386Director General] may only approve a person who is— the widow or widower (or surviving civil partner) of the deceased whistle- blower, a personal representative (within the meaning of section 55(1)(xi) of the Administration of Estates Act 1925) of the deceased whistle-blower, or Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 77 Part 2B – Investigation of concerns raised by whistle-blowers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes any other person appearing to the [F386Director General] to have, by reason