to monitor interviews with suspects. If it is fitted with a warning light that illuminates when the remote monitor is activated a notice containing the same information referred to above should be displayed in the interview room. If it is not fitted with a warning light it is important that a separate room that is not fitted with recording equipment is set aside for privileged consultations between the suspect and their legal adviser; in these circumstances a modified notice should be displayed omitting any reference to a warning light. Interview Process The interview process should proceed in accordance with PACE and current guidance. The contents of the warning notice should be explained to the suspect at the beginning of the interview and recorded on the recording media. Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by DS Andy Smith, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser from Durham Police. In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk ACPO Position Statement: The Self Administered Interview (SAI) Tool National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) Introduction The Self Administered Interview (SAI) tool was developed to obtain initial accounts from eyewitnesses to an event for which there may be multiple witnesses when resources are so restricted that traditional interviews are not immediately possible. The SAI tool aims to Òfacilitate an investigation by obtaining critical information quickly and effectivelyÓ (Gabbert and Hope, 2012). Background Following successful laboratory-based trials of the SAI tool, the ACPO National Investigative Interviewing Steering Group (NIISG) supported field trials. These field trials related to the application of the SAI tool in an investigative context to determine the practical and evidential benefits that could be derived from its use. An evaluation of the SAI was carried out with participating forces and a report submitted to ACPO in January 2012. The evaluation report demonstrates some positive emerging results from the field trials. Feedback from participating forces has reported that the SAI tool has resulted in the identification of additional significant witnesses to an event and that it has been of assistance when subsequently obtaining more detailed accounts. The evaluation includes two case studies involving the use of the SAI tool that have progressed to Court. Challenges to the use of the SAI tool were made in one of these cases but were later dropped when further information was provided concerning the tool and the rationale for its use was fully accepted by the Court. There was agreement in the evaluation that the SAI tool appears suited for use in situations where there are multiple witnesses and limited police resources. In such cases, its use helps to determine which individuals should be prioritised for an investigative interview. The ACPO Position Despite this positive feedback it must be acknowledged that these findings can only be seen as suggestive to date due to the limited nature of the evaluation. It is only based upon four case studies from UK forces and a survey from one