in England, the duty does not apply. You should, however, follow local safeguarding procedures when you know or have reason to suspect that a girl has undergone FGM, or is at risk of FGM. When the duty applies I have identified a girl under 18 who I suspect may have undergone FGM, does the duty apply? The duty does not apply in relation to suspected cases - it is limited to ÔknownÕ cases (i.e. those which are visually identified or disclosed to a professional by the victim Ð see section 2.1 for more information). In these cases, you should follow local safeguarding procedures. If you are concerned that there is an immediate threat you should take immediate action in line with local safeguarding procedures. For more information, please see Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate, and the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. I have identified a girl under 18 who I think may be at risk of FGM, does the duty apply? The duty does not apply in relation to at risk cases - it is limited to ÔknownÕ cases (i.e. those which are visually identified or disclosed to a professional by the victim Ð see section 2.1 for more information). If you are concerned that a girl may be at risk of FGM, you should follow local safeguarding procedures. Where there is a risk to life or likelihood of serious immediate harm, professionals should report the case immediately to police, including dialling 999 if appropriate. For more information, on handling at risk cases, please see Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate, and the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. I donÕt know much about FGM, what should I do to make sure I comply with the duty? A range of information and guidance on FGM is available for all professionals, including a free FGM e-learning package. For healthcare professionals, Health Education England provide a free 10-15 minute FGM introductory session which gives an overview of what FGM is and the issues related to it. In Wales, each health board has an FGM Lead and any queries should be referred to them. The Welsh GovernmentÕs National Training Framework on violence against women, domestic violence and sexual abuse will introduce a standard of training for these issues, related to job role, across the Welsh public service. The National Training Framework includes both basic, and fundamental levels of training and a specialist subject syllabus, each of which will include FGM. Detailed guidance on FGM for professionals and organisations is available in the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. Do I only have to make a report if I am 100% certain that FGM has been carried out? No. The duty is limited to ÔknownÕ cases (i.e. those which are visually identified or disclosed to a professional by the victim Ð see section 2.1 for more information), but this does not mean that