organisations to be audited against the Code by a third party with the view to receiving a certification mark and a certificate issued by the Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner. This process will help to raise standards in the 1 These are defined at section 33 of the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2012/9/section/33/enacted industry and enable organisations to demonstrate their compliance with the Code. Certification will be scheme specific, so when you apply you will need to state what scheme you want to be certified for. For example, this could be a main town centre CCTV scheme, a housing scheme, an environmental surveillance scheme, a mobile or fixed ANPR site, Body Worn Video or drone deployment. Who is certification for? The surveillance camera certification process is available for any organisation that operates surveillance in a public space. This could be a small or large organisation that wants to demonstrate as part of its public accountability arrangements to demonstrate how it has complied with the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice and evidence good practice. This process is primarily for those that must have regard to the Code Ð the regulated sector Ð and in particular the local authorities who own a large proportion of the systems within the regulated sector. Any non-regulated authorities or bodies can also apply for certification. If you are a voluntary adopter of the Code, you are encouraged to apply for certification. What are the criteria for Certification Bodies to offer SCC certification? There are a number of criteria that a certification body must meet before it can offer certification against the Code. The criteria for the certification bodies are as follows. The Certification Body: 1. Must be UKAS accredited against the current ISO/IEC 17065 to provide product conformity certification in relation to BS7958 for Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) Management and Operation. 2. Must provide the Commissioner with recent examples of a certification report for product conformity in relation to BS7958 as well as the checklist and/ or reference material used during audit. 3. Will need to assure the competency of each member of their audit team who would conduct any assessments in relation to the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice (this could be through qualification or samples of the auditorÕs relevant reports). 4. Should provide details of relevant fees and charges as well as the potential amount of time that will be allocated to the audit. In addition to the above the certification bodies will need to meet the conditions outlined in the framework document. WhatÕs in it for me? Any organisation that successfully achieves certification will be awarded a certificate of compliance from the Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner and will be able to make use of the CommissionerÕs certification mark on their website and other communications to indicate their compliance with the Code. This will go a long way to reassure members of the public and other organisations that your organisation is complying with the Code and its high standards when using surveillance camera