appeal, the appeal has been determined or withdrawn. (2) Where the effect of an order is suspended under subsection (1)Ñ (a) no requirement imposed or directions given in connection with the order have effect, but (b) the court may give directions about how any dog to which the order applies is to be dealt with during the suspension. (3) Directions under subsection (2)(b) may, in particularÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 75 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) authorise the dog to be taken into possession; (b) authorise the dog to be cared for either on the premises where it was being kept when it was taken into possession or at some other place; (c) appoint a person to carry out, or arrange for the carrying out of, the directions; (d) require any person who has possession of the dog to deliver it up for the purposes of the directions; (e) confer additional powers (including power to enter premises where the dog is being kept) for the purpose of, or in connection with, the carrying out of the directions; (f) provide for the recovery of any expenses in relation to the removal or care of the dog which are incurred in carrying out the directions. (4) A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed under subsection (3)(d) commits an offence. (5) A person guilty an offence under subsection (4) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (6) Any sum directed to be paid under subsection (3)(f) is to be treated for the purposes of enforcement as if it were a fine imposed on conviction. Administering a substance with intent to cause harm 71 Administering a substance with intent to cause harm (1) The Secretary of State must, before the end of the relevant periodÑ (a) prepare and publish a reportÑ (i) about the nature and prevalence of the conduct described in subsection (2), and (ii) setting out any steps Her MajestyÕs Government has taken or intends to take in relation to the matters referred to in sub-paragraph (i), and (b) lay the report before Parliament. (2) The conduct referred to in subsection (1)(a)(i) is a person intentionally administering a substance to, or causing a substance to be taken by, another personÑ (a) without the consent of that other person, and (b) with the intention of causing harm (whether or not amounting to an offence) to that other person. (3) In subsection (1),