Document for details) SCHEDULE 15 Section 98 POLICE REFORM: TRANSITIONAL PROVISION PART 1 CHIEF OFFICERS OF POLICE Current chief officers to remain in post 1 (1) At the relevant commencement time a person who, immediately before that time, is in post as the existing chief officer of the police force for a police area becomes the new chief officer of that police force. (2) Where a person has, prior to the relevant commencement time, accepted an appointment as the existing chief officer of the police force for a police area which is to come into effect at a time (the Òeffective timeÓ) which falls at or after the relevant commencement time, that appointment is to take effect at the effective time as an appointment as the new chief officer of that police force. (3) Sub-paragraph (2) is without prejudice to any right of the person appointed not to take up the appointment. Transfer of rights and liabilities 2 At the relevant commencement time, all rights and liabilities which immediately before that time were rights and liabilities of the existing chief officer of the police force for a police area are to transfer to the new chief officer of that police force. Relevant legislative provisions 3 (1) Any relevant legislative provision which, immediately before the relevant commencement time, applied to chief constables of police forces maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 is to apply after that time in the same way to chief constables established under section 2 of this Act (except where the context otherwise requires). (2) Any relevant legislative provision which, immediately before the relevant commencement time, applied to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is to apply after that time in the same way to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis established under section 4 of this Act (except where the context otherwise requires). (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 237 (3) Sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) are subject to any provision to the contrary madeÑ (a) by or under this Act, or (b) by any other Act passed, or subordinate legislation made, on or after the passing of this Act. (4) In this paragraphÑ Òrelevant legislative provisionÓ meansÑ (a) provision of an Act made before the relevant commencement day, or (b) provision of an instrument made before the relevant commencement day under a public general Act which is of a legislative character; but provision which applies only to specified chief constables of police forces maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 is not relevant legislative provision. Interpretation 4 In this Part Òrelevant commencement timeÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996,