the prescribed periodÑ 98 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (i) in the prescribed form, and (ii) in a manner which is prescribed and is likely to bring the application to the attention of the persons who are likely to be affected by it; andÓ, andÓ (c) in paragraph (c), for Òinterested parties and responsible authoritiesÓ substitute Ò responsible authorities and other persons Ó. (4) In section 72(8) (determination of application for club premises certificate)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òan interested party or responsible authorityÓ substitute Ò a responsible authority or other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (5) In section 85(6) (determination of application to vary club premises certificate)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òan interested party or responsible authorityÓ substitute Ò a responsible authority or other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (6) In section 86B(2)(b)(ii) (determination of application for minor variation of club premises certificate), for Òan interested partyÓ substitute Ò any other person Ó. (7) In section 194 (index of defined expressions), omit the entry for the expression Òinterested party, in Part 4Ó. (8) In section 33 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (individual members of licensing authorities to be interested parties), omit subsection (2). (9) The amendments made by this section apply in relation to applications relating to club premises certificates that are made on or after the commencement of this section. 108 Club premises certificates: who may apply for review (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (4). (2) In section 87 (application for review of club premises certificate), for subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) Where a club holds a club premises certificate, a responsible authority or any other person may apply to the relevant licensing authority for a review of the certificate.Ó. (3) In section 87(3) (application for review of club premises certificate)Ñ (a) in paragraph (b), after Òto the authorityÓ insert Ò by the club, responsible authorities and other persons Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òinterested partyÓ substitute Ò other person Ó. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 99 Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end