that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A determination under this section may be made on the same occasion as the section 215A order or on any later occasion; and more than one determination may be made in relation to any case. In this section “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 190A. 215C Sections 215A and 215B: appeals If a magistrates' court decides not to make an order under section 215A, an appropriate officer may appeal to a county court. If a magistrates' court makes an order under section 215A, a person affected by the order may appeal to a county court. But the person mentioned in section 215A(2)(a) may not appeal. An appropriate officer may appeal to a county court against— a determination made by a magistrates' court under section 215B; a decision by a magistrates' court not to make a determination under that section. In this section “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 190A. 215D Proceeds of realisation This section applies to sums which— are in the hands of an appropriate officer, and are the proceeds of the realisation of property under section 215A. The sums must be applied as follows— first, they must be applied in payment of such expenses incurred by a person acting as an insolvency practitioner as are payable under this subsection by virtue of section 432; second, they must be applied in making any payments directed by the magistrates' court or Crown Court; third, they must be paid to the appropriate chief clerk on account of the amount payable under the confiscation order. If the amount payable under the confiscation order has been fully paid and any sums remain in the appropriate officer's hands, the appropriate officer must distribute them— among such persons who held (or hold) interests in the property represented by the proceeds as the magistrates' court or Crown Court directs, and in such proportions as it directs. Before making a direction under subsection (3) the court must give persons who held (or hold) interests in the property a reasonable opportunity to make representations to it. If the magistrates' court has made a direction under subsection (2)(b) or (3) in respect of the proceeds of realisation of any property, the Crown Court may 84 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes not make a direction under either