This section applies to a person who is detained in a secure childrenÕs home in pursuance ofÑ (a) a sentence of detention, (b) a detention and training order or a further detention order, (c) a detention order under Schedule 5A to the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (breach of gang injunction), or (d) a detention order under Schedule 2 to the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (breach of anti-social behaviour injunction). (2) The Secretary of State or the manager of the home may temporarily release a person to whom this section applies. (3) A temporary release under this section may be granted subject to conditions. (4) A person who is temporarily released under this section may be recalled at any time by the Secretary of State or the manager of the home (irrespective of which of those granted the release). (5) A manager of a secure childrenÕs home must have regard to any guidance issued by the Secretary of State about the use of powers of temporary release under this section. (6) In this sectionÑ Òdetention and training orderÓ has the same meaning as in the Sentencing Code (see section 233 of that Code) and includes an order made under section 100 of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 or section 211 of the Armed Forces Act 2006; Òfurther detention orderÓ has the same meaning as in Schedule 12 to the Sentencing Code (see paragraph 1 of that Schedule) and includes an order made under section 104(3) of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 and a further detention order made by virtue of section 213 of the Armed Forces Act 2006; ÒmanagerÓÑ (a) in relation to a secure childrenÕs home in England, means the person who is registered under Part 2 of the Care Standards Act 2000 as the manager of the home or, in a case where no such person is registered, the person who is registered under that Part as the person who carries on the home; (b) in relation to a secure childrenÕs home in Wales, means the person who is designated as the responsible individual in respect of the home for the purposes of Part 1 of the Regulation and Inspection of Social Care (Wales) Act 2016; (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 9 Ð Secure children's homes and secure 16 to 19 Academies CHAPTER 3 Ð Assaults on those providing a public service etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 179 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òsecure childrenÕs homeÓÑ (a) in relation to England, means a childrenÕs