o Social: What is the demographic, ethnic and socio-economic composition of the community? Are there any particularly vulnerable groups in the community? How are the various communities geographically distributed within the local area? How prepared and experienced is the community at coping with different types of emergencies? o Environment: Are there any particular local vulnerabilities (e.g. poor coastal defences against flooding)? Is the area urbanised, rural or mixed? Are there any Sites of Special Scientific Interest? o Infrastructure: How is the infrastructure configured in the area (transport, utilities, business, etc)? What are the critical supply networks in the area? Are there any sites in the area that are particularly critical for local and national essential services (e.g. telecommunications hubs, health, finance, legal, etc)? What type of o economy does it have? How prepared and experienced are the businesses in the area at coping with different types of emergency? o Hazardous sites: What potentially hazardous sites exist in the area? Where are they in relation to communities or sensitive environmental sites? Step 2: Hazard review and allocation for assessment Hazards 4.37. Taking into account centrally provided guidance, in the form of the LRAG (see Box 4.4), each Category 1 responder should consider the local context as described during step 1 and identify those non-malicious hazards that, in their view, present significant risks (i.e. could give rise to an emergency) in their areas over the next five years. These hazards will be identified on the basis of experience, research or other information (including from the community itself) and they are likely to present consequences to which a special mobilisation by the Category 1 responder is required. 4.38. The RAWG should share and discuss these hazards at a meeting of the LRF with a view to agreeing a list of hazards to be assessed. The LRF should endorse the list of hazards, and determine which Category 1 responder will lead the assessment of each hazard on behalf of the group. The LRF will also need to decide how any additional hazards proposed by the RAWG should be assessed, whether by the appointment of a lead, delegation or otherwise. 4.26. Box 4.3: longer term considerations Category 1 responders should consider these aspects in the context of the current situation, but with regards to emerging trends and future events. They are also encouraged to take into account the longer-term risk context. Climate change, although not a risk considered in the time frames of the local risk assessment cycle, is a major driver of many of the risks that LRFs do consider Consideration of this longer term risk will allow responders to identify capability gaps and risk reduction measures that may need to be tackled over a longer term period. For example, will present coastal defences be sufficient over a longer term horizon. A suggested timeframe for longer term risk contextualisation is 20 years. The National Security Risk Assessment, first published in 2010, evaluates risk over the same timescale and can be drawn upon to inform