of a conventional shot gun would be inappropriate. Permission to possess such items is normally granted to shipsÕ masters as part of shipsÕ equipment, to small boat owners, to harbour or airport employees, farms/ estate managers (bird scaring) or to members of mountain rescue teams. Deerstalkers, wildfowlers or hill walkers who operate in isolated areas may also need to seek authority to carry some form of distress flare. 12.66 Flares of a kind that use a male spigot launcher are not subject to controls and are commonly used by mariners, hill walkers and others. Likewise, gas powered ÔgunsÕ and blank firing guns used by farmers to scare birds from crops are not subject to certification, and controlled firearms are not generally needed for this purpose. However, the ammunition for such bird scaring equipment is usually a single projectile, and is thus subject to certification. Line-throwing rockets (and their launchers/projectors) and similar devices for throwing ropes to ships in distress are not generally considered to be ÒfirearmsÓ for certification purposes. 108 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Controlling Races 12.67 Section 5 of the 1997 Act states that an authority under section 5 of the 1968 Act is not required to possess a small firearm (handgun) under section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act, at an athletics meeting for the purpose of starting races. The same is true in order to possess, purchase, acquire, sell or transfer a small firearm (handgun) for this specific purpose, provided a certificate is held, subject to the condition that its use must be connected with starting races at athletics meetings. This is intended to allow starters, who may not necessarily be the certificate holder, to use guns that produce a muzzle-flash to start races at which records might be set. In practice, only those starters who have achieved level 3, level 4 or above as part of the UK Athletics (UKA) licencing scheme should be granted a certificate. The UKA licence holder should also have a letter of approval issued by the Technical Committee of UKA and signed by a UKA Executive Officer. Starters of swimming, cycling and other races have no need of working firearms and may use blank-firing pistols which are not subject to certification. 12.68 Small cannons of the kind used for starting (or controlling) yacht races may be authorised for members of yacht clubs and similar maritime associations. These should be treated as signalling apparatus for certification purposes and should only be authorised for use with blank ammunition, (see Chapter 6). Historical re-enactment 12.69 The use of firearms in historical re-enactment is most commonly associated with the Sealed Knot and other groups who recreate the English Civil War era, such as the English Civil War Society. However, periods covered by re-enactors using firearms extend from the Middle Ages to the Second World War and later. Re- enactors possessing black powder (gunpowder) will also need an Explosives Certificate. Muzzle-loading muskets and small cannon are classed as section 2 shot guns for certification purposes. Re-enactors