overlapping requirements highlighted by industry and governments. Notably, the author stated Òthere is evidence that many of the reported cyber security risks within AI strongly justify the need to identify, create, and adopt new recommendations to address them.Ó The assessment of cyber security risks to AI also highlighted this finding, as the report linked vulnerabilities, and their exploitation routes, to poor design and development practices. Based on the findings set out in this Annex, the evidence has suggested there is rationale for the Government to intervene to improve the security of AI. Annex B: Global approach to AI The Prime Minister set out the governmentÕs approach to managing frontier AI risk in October 2023. He stated: ÒMy vision, and our ultimate goal, should be to work towards a more international approach to safety, where we collaborate with partners to ensure AI systems are safe before they are releasedÓ. International collaboration is a core element of this work to ensure that the cyber security requirements for AI are internationally aligned where appropriate. This annex details some key multilateral initiatives and international developments informing our thinking during this programme of work. We will continue to engage with a broad range of countries via bilateral dialogues as well as multilateral fora and initiatives. This international and collaborative approach underpins the UKÕs effort as an established leader on AI, as demonstrated by hosting the first ever AI Safety Summit in 2023. Following the White House Voluntary AI commitments and building on the AI Safety Summit, the NCSC published their Guidelines for Secure AI System Development.[footnote 43] Endorsed by 18 countries, these Guidelines were developed by NCSC and CISA alongside industry experts and 23 international agencies and ministries, with representation from across the world. We will continue to promote international conversations on AI cyber security in the lead up to future AI Safety Summits. We will also continue to engage with a broad range of countries via bilateral dialogues and multilateral fora and initiatives to further inform our own thinking. Multilateral The UK is taking a proactive role within multilateral discussions that link to AI cyber security and promote safe and responsible AI development, deployment and use across the world to protect citizens and our democratic values. These multilateral initiatives include: G7: Under JapanÕs Presidency, the G7 launched the ÒHiroshima AI ProcessÓ to address the risks, challenges and opportunities posed by AI. The UK was an active participant in the Hiroshima Process and will look to build on this positive progress under ItalyÕs Presidency. G20: In September 2023, as part of IndiaÕs G20 Presidency, the UK Prime Minister agreed to and endorsed the New Delhi LeadersÕ Declaration, reaffirming the UKÕs commitment to the 2019 G20 AI Principles and emphasised the importance of a governance approach that balances the benefits and risks of AI and promotes responsible AI for achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals. The UK will work closely with Brazil on their AI ambitions as part of their 2024 G20 Presidency, which will centre