(a) the words Òsection 47 of this Act orÓ are omitted; (b) the words Òsubsection (1)(a) of that section or, as the case may be,Ó are omitted. (6) After subsection (5) there is insertedÑ Ò(5A) Premises are being used for activities related to a specified child sex offence at any time when the premises are usedÑ (a) to commit the offence, or (b) for activities intended to arrange or facilitate the commission of the offence.Ó 3 In section 136B (power to authorise issue of closure notice), in the heading, for ÒnoticeÓ there is substituted Ò notice: prostitution or pornography offences Ó. 1 212 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Amendments of Part 2A of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 4 After that section there is insertedÑ Ò136BA Power to authorise issue of closure notice: child sex offences in England and Wales (1) A member of a police force not below the rank of superintendent (Òthe authorising officerÓ) may authorise the issue of a closure notice in respect of any premises in England and Wales if three conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the officer has reasonable grounds for believing thatÑ (a) during the relevant period, the premises were used for activities related to one or more specified child sex offences, or (b) the premises are likely to be used (unless a closure order is made) for activities related to one or more specified child sex offences. (3) In subsection (2)(a), Òthe relevant periodÓ means the period of 3 months ending with the day on which the officer is considering whether to authorise the issue of the notice. (4) The second condition is that the officer has reasonable grounds for believing that the making of a closure order under section 136D is necessary to prevent the premises being used for activities related to one or more specified child sex offences. (5) For the purposes of the second condition, it does not matter whether the officer believes that the offence or offences in question have been committed or that they will be committed (or will be committed unless a closure order is made). (6) The third condition is that the officer is satisfied that reasonable efforts have been madeÑ (a) to consult the local authority for the area in which the premises are situated, and (b) to establish the identity of any person who resides on the premises or who has control of or responsibility for or an interest in the premises. (7) If the