for details) View outstanding changes Effect of penalty notice This section applies if a penalty notice is given to a person (“A”) under section 2. If A asks to be tried for the alleged offence, proceedings may be brought against him. Such a request must be made by a notice given by A— in the manner specified in the penalty notice; and before the end of the period of suspended enforcement (as to which see section 5). A request which is made in accordance with subsection (3) is referred to in this Chapter as a “request to be tried”. [F43In the case of a penalty notice that is not a penalty notice with an education option, if], by the end of the suspended enforcement period— the penalty has not been paid in accordance with this Chapter, and A has not made a request to be tried, a sum equal to one and a half times the amount of the penalty may be registered under section 8 for enforcement against A as a fine. [F44(6) In the case of a penalty notice with an education option, a sum equal to one and a half times the amount of the penalty may be registered under section 8 for enforcement against A as a fine if subsection (7) or (8) applies. This subsection applies if, by the end of the suspended enforcement period, A does not— ask to attend an approved educational course relating to the offence to which the notice relates, 10 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 1 – On the Spot Penalties for Disorderly Behaviour Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes pay the penalty, or request to be tried. This subsection applies if— A has asked, by the end of the suspended enforcement period, to attend an approved educational course of the kind mentioned in subsection (7)(a), and A does not, in accordance with regulations made under subsection (9)— pay the course fee, start such a course, or complete such a course. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision— as to the time by which A is required to do each of the things mentioned in subsection (8)(b)(i) to (iii) (including provision allowing those times to be specified by a chief officer of police for the purposes of an educational course scheme established by that officer); allowing A to request an extension of the time to do the things mentioned in subsection (8)(b)(i) to (iii) (including provision as to who should determine such a request and on what basis); as to the procedure to be followed