of these organisations will struggle to find the resources to duplicate work at the single LRF level. For further guidance Chapter 2: Co-operation and Chapter 3: Formal information sharing are available at: http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource-library/emergency-preparedness 16.7. Regional Resilience Forums formerly provided a uniform system for LRF collaboration within that region. There is no continuing requirement to work on regional boundaries, and responders may now replace these regional forums with more flexible structures for multi-LRF working. 16.8. A range of different geographically based multi-forum groupings are possible. These include Civil Protection Forums, LRF Secretariat /LRF Chair Forums and multi-responder strategic alliances incorporating health and local authority partners. These forums may cover varying geographical areas and may encompass, for example, working with the Devolved Administrations. Responders may also retain existing groups on previous geographical boundaries such as the Media Emergency Forum, Mass Fatalities Groups, Capabilities, Risk and Working Groups, or establish other suitable mechanisms to enable cross-locality collaboration and co-operation. Other theme based multi-LRF groupings have been established to allow joint planning around shared risks such as East Coast and Reservoir Flood Planning groups. The national resilience extranet (NRE) is a source of information and case studies about multi-LRF groups. 16.1. 16.9. Local responders should decide whether to maintain any former regional plans such as a generic response plan. Responders and LRFs are encouraged to put in place arrangements and plans that suit local needs, and to conserve, utilise and build on the good practice that is contained in any existing plans. Government support for multi-LRF collaboration and co-operation 16.10. The DCLG Resilience and Emergencies Division (RED) works directly with LRFs, supporting collaboration and co-operation in planning for wide-area high- impact events affecting more than one locality. RED has allocated Resilience Advisers to each LRF so that LRFs have named contacts with which to build working relationships. Resilience Advisers support and challenge the LRF in a constructive, proportionate manner through: o simplifying and reducing duplication of central government interaction with local responders; o facilitating the co-operation and sharing of information between responders and LRFs to ensure risks are fully understood (e.g. implementation of the National Emergency Plan for Fuel); o identifying good practice and facilitating its sharing; o facilitating opportunities for peer reviews; o actively participating in training and exercising alongside LRFs, when appropriate, i.e. for wide area or high impact incidents where Government is part of the response machinery; and o facilitating discussions around mutual aid arrangements o More information on REDÕs role and the contact details for resilience advisors are available on the national resilience extranet (NRE). 16.11. Support for LRF collaboration is a key part of the RED adviser role. Successful cross locality working enables responders and local resilience forums to manage large-scale emergencies, and partners involved must have effective working relationships based on good communication, and effective, efficient information sharing. This will enable them to assess and agree who is best placed to address an issue. (see para 2.3) 16.12. DCLG RED plays an active part in increasing resilience: supporting