which the prisoner is required to be detained in the country or territory from which the prisoner is transferred (Òthe overseas offenceÓ). (3ZC) A specification under sub-paragraph (3ZA)(b) may be made only if, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, findings made by the court before which the prisoner was convicted or sentenced for the overseas offence show that the overseas offence was committed in the manner or circumstances to be specified (or in a corresponding manner or corresponding circumstances). (3ZD) A finding may be specified under sub-paragraph (3ZA)(c) only if, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, findings made by the court before which the prisoner was convicted or sentenced for the overseas offence show that the finding to be specified could properly have been made by a court in England and Wales dealing with the prisoner. (3ZE) Sub-paragraph (3ZA) does not result in the enactments relating to release on licence applying in a way in which they could not apply in relation to a sentence imposed in respect of the offence specified under that sub-paragraphÑ (a) that was committed at the same time as the overseas offence was committed, or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 163 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in respect of which a conviction was made, or sentence passed, at the same time as occurred in respect of the overseas offence. (3ZF) The Secretary of State may amend a warrant (whether issued before or after sub-paragraph (3ZA) comes into force and whether or not the transfer it authorised has taken place) so as to specify the matters there referred to.Ó; (c) in sub-paragraph (4), in the definition of Òthe enactments relating to release on licenceÓ, for Òand Chapter 6 of Part 12 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003Ó substitute Ò, Chapter 6 of Part 12 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 and section 28 of the Offender Management Act 2007Ó. (2) The repeal by subsection (1)(b) of sub-paragraphs (3B) to (3F) of the amended paragraph does not affect the continued operation of the enactments relating to release on licence (within the meaning of that paragraph as amended by subsection (1)) in relation to a warrant issued or amended in accordance with those sub-paragraphs before their repeal. (3) In Schedule 26 to the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008, the following provisions (which contain superseded amendments of or in connection with the paragraph amended by subsection (1)) are repealedÑ (a) paragraph 19(4) and (5),