each organisation to ensure that they complement each other and dovetail with partnersÕ arrangements; and o have regard to the implications of legislation and national initiatives and undertake its activities in accordance with strategic decisions agreed by the London LRF for the Borough Resilience Forum. Multi-borough sub-groups 9.19. The multi-borough sub-groups of the LRF will support effective emergency planning by facilitating communication between member boroughs as well as communication between BRFs and the London LRF. The Category 1 responders of the LRF will review and agree from time to time whether the current groupings remain appropriate. These sub-groups will have a key role in driving up performance in emergency planning, ensuring comprehensive and consistent approaches are taken by BRFs in response to risks identified at the London LRF, as well as priority risks identified by member boroughs. 9.20. Multi-borough sub-groups will: o establish mechanisms for ensuring a consistent approach to emergency planning at borough level around key and relevant risks identified by the London LRF and BRFs; and o establish mechanisms for ensuring that the London Resilience Forum emergency plan is delivered at the borough level; o Duty to assess risk 9.21. BRF members, as Category 1 responders, have a duty to assess risk (see also Chapter 4). However, given that many of the risks in London are common to most boroughs, it is recommended that BRFs produce a Borough Risk Register. The requirement for a Community Risk Register will lie with the pan-London LRF and this should be used by BRFs to inform their risk assessment and emergency planning. Equally, the findings of BRF risk assessments will feed into the pan-London risk assessment. The Mayor of London / Greater London Authority (GLA) As the elected leader of LondonÕs regional government, the Mayor of London 9.22. plays a full part in supporting the effective implementation of the Act and improving the preparedness of the capital. In particular, the Mayor/GLA 9.23. o is closely engaged in high-level discussions and decisions relating to the management of emergencies in London; o (or an appointed deputy) is currently Chair of the LRF; o contributes as necessary to the pre-informing of Londoners about the content of emergency plans, the correct behaviour in an emergency and good practice in terms of preparedness in the home, as part of initiatives organised both locally and at the UK level; o prepares to play a key role in warning and informing the public during an emergency in London; and o takes responsibility for civil protection issues in connection with the management of Parliament and Trafalgar Squares. o 9.24. The GLA is a Category 1 responder under the Act and as such has the same responsibilities as other Category 1 responders. However, there are a number of duties that the GLA currently takes on in relation to London that are additional to other Category 1 responders. 9.25. In particular, the GLA: o is responsible for the secretariat of the LRF; o is responsible for producing and maintaining a pan-London risk