may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the period of 2 years beginning with the day on which the previous application was determined has expired, and (b) the offender is under the age of 18 on the day on which the further application is made. (5) Where the Secretary of State receives an application under this section, the Secretary of State mustÑ (a) consider the application, and (b) unless the Secretary of State forms the view that the application is frivolous or vexatious, refer it to the High Court. (6) Where the Secretary of State decides not to refer the application to the High Court, the Secretary of State must give notice of that decision, and the reasons for it, to the relevant young offender. (7) If the relevant young offender makes representations or provides further evidence in support of the application before the end of the period of 4 weeks beginning with the day on which the notice under subsection (6) is given, the Secretary of State must consider the representations or evidence andÑ (a) if the Secretary of State is no longer of the view mentioned in subsection (5)(b), refer the application to the High Court, or (b) give notice to the offender confirming the decision not to refer the application. (8) In this sectionÑ ÒDHMP sentenceÓ means a sentence of detention during Her MajestyÕs pleasure imposed (whether before or after this section comes into force) under a provision listed in column 1 of the table in subsection (9); Òminimum termÓ, in relation to a person serving a DHMP sentence, means the part of the sentence specifiedÑ (a) in the minimum term order made in respect of the sentence, or (b) where one or more reduction orders have been made under section 27B in respect of the sentence, in the most recent of those orders; Òminimum term orderÓ, in relation to a DHMP sentence, means the order made under the provision listed in column 2 of the table in subsection (9) that corresponds to the entry in column 1 that relates to the sentence. (9) The table is as followsÑ Provision under which DHMP sentence imposed Section 259 of the Sentencing Code Section 90 of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 Section 218 of the Armed Forces Act 2006 Provision under which minimum term order made Section 322 of the Sentencing Code Section 82A of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 or section 269 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 Section 269 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 or section 322 of the Sentencing Code. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 137 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts