outlined in Section 7.8. For knife only protection, one large panel shall be assessed in the standard formed armour strike pattern (Figure 16). For knife and spike protection, a large and a small panel shall be assessed, one each for knife and spike resistance testing. The size of panel used for each test shall be selected at the discretion of the test facility and does not always have to be the same for subsequent PQT. The results of the formed armour stab PQT tests shall be assessed against criteria in Table 23. These results are concomitant with those for unformed panels. If unformed panels do not meet the requirements of PQT, formed panels cannot be accredited. 10.6.3. Extended coverage panels Extended coverage panels, submitted for stab testing, shall be tested in accordance with the test methods and assessment criteria outlined in Section 7.10. If the results do not conform to these requirements, the batch being assessed shall be suspended and an investigation shall commence in accordance with Section 10.9. 10.7. Construction assessment Following PQT, all panels shall undergo construction assessments in accordance with Section 8. Any irregularities in construction shall be photographed and reported to CAST along with the panel for inspection. The results of these assessments shall be provided alongside PQT test reports. 10.8. Reporting Reporting of PQT tests shall follow the template provided by CAST.41 This completed report shall be sent to CAST alongside any associated relevant information (e.g. photographs) on completion of tests. All test reports will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions Ôfor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all partiesÕ and kept on record for a minimum of five years. 10.9. PQT investigations PQT investigations shall commence following non-conformance to PQT test requirements. In these circumstances, production of this armour shall be suspended and the PQT batch must not be sold prior to the conclusion of the investigation. The test facility shall provide CAST and the manufacturer with results from the testing. Test panels relating to the non-conformance shall be sent to CAST. It is the responsibility of the manufacturer to conduct an investigation and adequately satisfy CAST, with evidence supporting, of the rationale for the failed tests. The investigation shall identify and address the cause of the failure and whether other batches may have been affected. If the cause of failure is determined and the issue relates only to the PQT batch, this may be rectified before the batch undergoes a full re-test (certification). If the cause of failure cannot be determined and the non-conformance only relates to the PQT batch, this batch shall be quarantined/destroyed. Internal quality records shall be sought in such investigations. The next batch produced shall undergo a full re-test (certification). If the issue relates to any other armour batches, the manufacturer shall inform customers to whom the affected armour has been sold. If the cause of failure is determined, this may be 41 To be