of communicable diseases. PACE Code C paragraph 9.7 allows a detainee and their property to be kept in isolation at the discretion of the custody officer until medical directions have been obtained. For further information, see FFLM (2022) Managing blood-borne virus exposures in custody Cleaning cells Every cell must be adequately cleaned between detainees, following NHS cleaning standards, to prevent the spread of infection and/or communicable disease. In the event of any significant infection risk such as bleeding, body fluids or concern identified by the HCP, the cell may need to be taken out of use and deep cleaning arranged. Relevant information about communicable diseases must be included on the detainee’s PER form. Common communicable diseases For up-to-date information on infectious diseases, see NHS Choices (or NHS Direct Wales) and Public Health England. Release from custody When making the decision to release or transfer a detainee, it is essential that custody officers are familiar with the NDM and can carry out and justify their decision making. The custody officer should complete a pre-release risk assessment. They should not leave this until the point of release. Instead, it should be an ongoing process throughout detention and be concluded at the point of release. Custody officers should refer to all existing risk assessment information for the detainee. They should also personally speak to all detainees prior to release and consider the risk of exploitation and/or victimisation of the detainee. The custody officer then needs to decide what action, if any, is appropriate to support vulnerable detainees upon release. In some circumstances it may be appropriate to simply offer an individual appropriate advice and options to support their welfare on release. The options open to the police for onward referral of a detainee vary according to local provision of services in: social care healthcare hostels/refuges charity support organisations (for example the Royal British Legion) other agencies The force should ensure custody officers have access to available referral agencies and written material which may help a detainee self-refer to agencies if they choose to do so at a later point. It is the responsibility of force custody leads to make strategic links with partners to ensure that appropriate local service options are available. The custody officer should also ensure that any risk posed by the detainee to other persons has been considered as part of the pre-release process, and, when appropriate, bail conditions are put in place to address any risk identified. They should be mindful of the need to ensure that affected individuals are notified prior to release so that mitigating measures can be put in place where required. This includes liaising with any other officer responsible for a related risk assessment. In cases where a detainee is bailed in one force but transferred to the jurisdiction of another police force, clear lines of communication need to be established to ensure that the victim can be notified when the detainee is finally released. For full information on the Code of Practice for Victims