Q4. [if organisation], What is the size of your organisation? Micro (fewer than 10 employees) Small (10-49 employees) Medium (50-499 employees) Large (500+ employees) Q5. [if individual], Where are you based? England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Europe (excluding England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland) North America South America Africa Asia Oceania Other (please specify) Q6. [if organisation], Where is your organisation headquartered? England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Europe (excluding England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland) North America South America Africa Asia Oceania Other (please specify) Call for Views Questions Question 7: Q7. In the Call for Views document, the Government has set out our rationale for why we advocate for a two-part intervention involving the development of a voluntary Code of Practice as part of our efforts to create a global standard focused on baseline cyber security requirements for AI models and systems. The Government intends to align the wording of the voluntary CodeÕs content with the future standard developed in the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI). Do you agree with this proposed approach? Yes No DonÕt know [If no], please provide evidence (if possible) and reasons for your answer. Q8. In the proposed Code of Practice, we refer to and define four stakeholders that are primarily responsible for implementing the Code. These are Developers, System Operators, Data Controllers (and End-users). Do you agree with this approach? Yes No DonÕt know Please outline the reasons for your answer. Q9. Do the actions for Developers, System Operators and Data Controllers within the Code of Practice provide stakeholders with enough detail to support an increase in the cyber security of AI models and systems? Yes No DonÕt know Please outline the reasons for your answer. The next questions are going to ask you specifically about the Code of Practice that has been designed and proposed by DSIT. There will be a question on whether you support the inclusion of each principle in the Code of Practice and whether you have any feedback on the provisions in each principle. Q.10 Do you support the inclusion of Principle 1: ÒRaise staff awareness of threats and risks within the Code of Practice?Ó Yes No DonÕt know [If Yes], please set out any changes you would suggest on the wording of any provisions in the principle. [If No], please provide the reasons for your answer. Q11. Do you support the inclusion of Principle 2: ÒDesign your system for security as well as functionality and performanceÓ within the Code of Practice? Yes No DonÕt know [If Yes], please set out any changes you would suggest on the wording of any provisions in the principle. [If No], please provide the reasons for your answer. Q12. Do you support the inclusion of Principle 3: ÒModel the threats to your systemÓ within the Code of Practice? Yes No DonÕt know [If Yes], please set out any changes you would suggest on the wording of any provisions in the principle. [If No], please provide the reasons for your answer. Q13. Do