153D(3) or (4) of that Act (power to include provision banning person from premises or area, or to include power of arrest, in injunction against breach of tenancy agreement); (d) an order under section 1 or 1B of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (anti- social behaviour orders etc); (e) an individual support order under section 1AA of that Act made in connection with an order under section 1 or 1B of that Act; (f) an intervention order under section 1G of that Act; (g) a drinking banning order under section 3 or 4 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006. (2) The repeal or amendment by this Act of provisions about any of the existing orders specified in subsection (1)(a) to (d), (f) and (g) does not apply in relation toÑ (a) an application made before the commencement day for an existing order; (b) an existing order (whether made before or after that day) applied for before that day; (c) anything done in connection with such an application or order. (3) The repeal or amendment by this Act of provisions about an order specified in subsection (1)(e) does not apply in relation toÑ (a) an individual support order made before the commencement day; (b) anything done in connection with such an order. (4) As from the commencement day there may be no variation of an existing order that extends the period of the order or of any of its provisions. (1) 14 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 2 Ð Criminal behaviour orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) At the end of the period of 5 years beginning with the commencement dayÑ (a) in relation to any of the existing orders specified in subsection (1)(a), (b) and (d) to (g) that is still in force, this Part has effect, with any necessary modifications (and with any modifications specified in an order under section 185(7)), as if the provisions of the order were provisions of an injunction under section 1; (b) the provisions of this Part set out in subsection (6) apply to any injunction specified in subsection (1)(c) that is still in force as they apply to an injunction under section 1; (c) subsections (2) to (4) cease to have effect. (6) The provisions referred to in subsection (5)(b) areÑ (a) section 1(7); (b) sections 4(2) and 9 (if a power of arrest is attached); (c) sections 6 to 8; (d) section 10; (e) section 11 and Schedule 1; (f) section 12 and Schedule 2; (g) section 18(1). (7) In deciding