Ð Minor amendments in relation to the sentencing consolidation Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Counter-Terrorism and Sentencing Act 2021 (c. 11) 13 In Schedule 13 to the Counter-Terrorism and Sentencing Act 2021, omit paragraph 44. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) Document Generated: 2025-01-31 397 Home Crime, justice and law Crime prevention Collection Serious Crime Act 2015 This page contains an overview of the Serious Crime Act and supporting documents. From: Home O?ce Published 6 June 2014 Last updated 4 March 2015 Ñ See all updates Related content Serious Crime Bill: Proceeds of crime Serious Crime Bill: Organised, serious and g ang -related crime Serious Crime Bill: Protection of children and miscellaneous Serious Crime Bill: Computer misuse Serious Crime Bill: Drug -cutting agents The Serious Crime Act received Royal Assent on 3 March 2015. The act gives e?ect to a number of proposals set out in the Serious and Organised Crime Strategy. It builds on the current criminal and civil law to ensure that the National Crime Agency, the police and other law enforcement agencies can continue e?ectively and relentlessly to pursue, disrupt and bring to justice serious and organised criminals. The act also introduces measures to enhance the protection of vulnerable children and others, including by strengthening the law to tackle female genital mutilation (FGM) and domestic abuse. The act also includes provisions to tighten prison security and to guard against the threat of terrorism. The act: improves our ability to recover criminal assets by amending the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 amends the Computer Misuse Act 1990 to ensure sentences for attacks on computer systems fully reflect the damage they cause creates a new o?ence targeting people who knowingly participate in an organised crime group extends the scope of serious crime prevention orders and gang injunctions creates new powers to seize, detain and destroy chemical substances suspected of being used as cutting agents for illegal drugs clarifies the o?ence of child cruelty in section 1 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, making it explicit that the o?ence covers cruelty which causes psychological su?ering or injury as well as physical harm replaces anachronisticreferences to child prostitution and child pornography in the Sexual O?ences Act 2003 restricts the o?ence of loitering or soliciting for the purposes of prostitution to adults introduces a new o?ence of sexual communication with a child creates a new o?ence making it illegal to possess paedophile manuals criminalises patterns of repeated or continuous coercive or controlling behaviour against an intimate partner or family member strengthens prison security by