Section 11(2) prohibits the use of certain methods, including automatic and semi- automatic weapons, for the killing or taking of any animal in Schedule 6, except under a licence issued by the relevant wildlife licensing authority for each UK country. Conservation of Habitats and Species Regulations 2017 13.46 These regulations (also known as the ÔHabitats RegulationsÕ) give protection to certain animal species which are known as European protected species, including all bats, otters, dormice, wild cats, dolphins, porpoises and whales. Regulation 39 of the Conservation (Natural Habitats etc) Regulation 1994 (SI 1994/2716) makes equivalent provision for Scotland. It is an offence to deliberately (or recklessly in Scotland) capture, injure or kill any wild animal of a European protected species. It is also an offence to deliberately (or recklessly in Scotland) disturb, to deliberately (or recklessly in Scotland) take or destroy eggs, or to damage or destroy a breeding site or resting place of such an animal (note: there is no requirement for the final offence to be deliberate or reckless). The exceptions to the offences are: 126 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law i. capture, possess, control or transport a disabled animal for the purpose of rehabilitation (the defence can only be used provided that there is no satisfactory alternative course of action and the intended action would not be detrimental to maintaining the favourable conservation status of the species); ii. the humane destruction of sick or injured animals where there is no reasonable chance of the animalÕs recovery (the defence can only be used provided that there is no satisfactory alternative course of action and the intended action would not be detrimental to maintaining the favourable conservation status of the species), or; iii. if the animal was lawfully held in captivity. Game 13.47 Dates when Game birds may be shot (taken/killed) without the need for a licence are as follows from section 3 of the Game Act 1831 (all dates inclusive): England and Wales 13.48 ? Partridge 1 September Ð 1 February Pheasant 1 October Ð 1 February Black Game (heathfowl) 20 August Ð 10 December* Grouse 12 August Ð 10 December Capercaillie 1 October Ð 10 December *except in Devon, Somerset and in the New Forest in Hampshire when the open season is between 1 September and 10 December. While Capercaillie are not currently found in England and Wales as of 2021, they can legally be shot between these dates. 13.49 Note: There are no defences for the killing of the above species of game birds in the close season. Licences cannot be issued under either the Game Acts or the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 (as amended) to kill or take game birds during the close season. However, in exceptional circumstances, where the birds are causing serious crop damage, a Notice may be served under section 98 of the Agriculture Act 1947. 13.50 In England and Wales it is also an offence to kill or take game on a Sunday or Christmas Day during the open season. Scotland