the range of activities to include any involvement in support of the illegal drugs market will allow gang injunctions to be used to prevent individuals from engaging in such activity and to protect people from being further drawn into this illegal activity. This change will also enable local agencies to address the cross-over between urban street gangs and street drug dealing controlled by organised criminal groups. Revised test for the grant of gang injunctions 40. Section 51 of the 2015 Act recasts the key features of a gang, for the purposes of the 2009 Act, to be a group which: Consists of at least three people; Has one or more characteristics that enable its members to be identified by others as a group; and Engages in gang-related violence or is involved in the illegal drug market. 41. The identifying characteristics of a gang may, but need not, relate to any of the following: The use by the group of a common name, emblem or colour; The group?s leadership or command structure; The group?s association with a particular area; The group?s involvement with a particular unlawful activity. 42. As now, the court will be able to attach prohibitions or requirements to an injunction. Such prohibitions or requirements may, for example, bar the respondent from going to a particular place or area or from associating with and/or contacting a specified person or persons, or requiring him or her to participate in set activities on specified days. 1. 43. Alongside the amendments made to the 2009 Act by the 2015 Act, the provisions in section 18 of and Schedule 12 to the Crime and Courts Act 2013 also come into force on 1 June. These provisions will transfer proceedings, in respect of gang injunctions, in relation to respondents under 18 years, from the County Court to the Youth Court. Power of seizure 44. These powers will be available to UK police forces (including the British Transport Police and Ministry of Defence Police); Border Force and the National Crime Agency. Law enforcement officers will have the power to seize and detain any substances suspected of being intended for use as a drug cutting agent. They will be able to do this in two ways: while legally on premises (for example at a port), or with a new cutting agents warrant. It is anticipated that many of these seizures will occur at the border, where large shipments of suspicious substances are often imported under false labelling. This is not likely to affect legitimate businesses, since seizures of suspected cutting agents are currently undertaken in a targeted manner using existing criminal or customs powers. The new powers will be used in a similar intelligence-led fashion. Power of forfeiture 45. Once the suspected cutting agents have been seized under the new powers, they can be detained for up to 30 days while investigations proceed (with a possible further 30 days extension upon application to a court3). The responsible officer must make reasonable efforts to give proper notice