shoot. It should not be confused with properly organised guest days, competition shoots between clubs or events open to individuals who are not members of that club. An organised and notified guest day is required only for guest members who are neither members of another approved club nor firearm certificate holders, visitorÕs permit holders or holders of permits issued under section 7 of the 1968 Firearms Act. . Examples of recognised outside organisations whose members may be guest members of approved rifle and muzzle-loading pistol clubs are scouts and guides, schools, rotary clubs and WomenÕs Institutes. The duty to notify the police of guest days is laid on the club secretary. This may be delegated to the appointed liaison officer. . A probationary period of 3 months is a minimum. It is open to clubs to set a longer probationary period should they wish, or to extend the probationary period for an individual if they deem this necessary. The club may end a probationerÕs membership at any time. . Recognised coaching qualifications for the purposes of the Home Office and Scottish Government criteria for approved clubs are: National Rifle Association: Club Instructor, Cadet Adult Instructor, Range Conducting Officer; Range Conducting Officer Assessor National Smallbore Rifle Association: Range Conducting Officer, Club Instructor (Rifle, Pistol or Airgun) NSRA Club Coach, NSRA County Coach, Regional Coach and Youth Proficiency Scheme Instructor The Muzzle Loaders Association of Great Britain: Approved Instructor UKPSA Range Officers: Range Officer, Approved Instructor or Trainer . The national associations are able to give advice on safety training courses for probationary members. . Although the probationary period may be waived in certain cases, the individual concerned has no right to insist on this. It is for the club to decide whether or not the probationary period should be waived for specific persons. . The Secretary of State or Scottish Government may, in exceptional circumstances, allow a club to have more probationary members than full members. This may be appropriate, for example, in a university club at the beginning of the academic year. . Clubs can have non-shooting categories of membership such as associate, family, social or honorary. Such members are not covered by section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 (as amended) and must not have access to firearms and ammunition except as participants in a guest day. Extent of approval The approval will only cover target shooting with the type or types of firearm listed in the approval. There are three possible categories: full-bore rifles small-bore rifles muzzle-loading pistols Rifles chambered for pistol ammunition above .22 rim-fire calibre are regarded as full-bore rifles. The decision about which categories will be listed in the approval will mainly depend on whether suitable ranges are available. Variations in the terms of the criteria for approval It is possible that, exceptionally, the Home Secretary or the Scottish Government may allow some variation of the criteria, or the conditions of approval. He/she must be satisfied that it would be reasonable to do so