insertedÑ Ò(1A) In the case of a relevant offender who is subject to the notification requirements of this Part by virtue of a notice being given to the relevant offender under section 96ZA, the reference in subsection (1) to the period of 3 days beginning with the relevant date (or if later the commencement of this Part) is to be read as a reference to the period of 3 days beginning with the day on which the notice was given to the relevant offender.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 195 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) Section 83(4) has effect as ifÑ (a) for the words ÒWhere a notification order is madeÓ there were substituted ÒWhere a relevant offender is subject to the notification requirements of this Part by virtue of a notice given under section 96ZAÓ, and (b) in paragraph (a) for the words Òthe order was madeÓ there were substituted Òthe notice was given to the relevant offenderÓ. 96ZD Appeal against the issue of a notice under section 96ZA or 96ZB (1) A person (ÒPÓ) may appeal to a magistratesÕ court against the decision to give them a notice under section 96ZA. (2) The grounds for bringing an appeal under subsection (1) includeÑ (a) that one or more of the conditions for the giving of the notice were not met in respect of P at the time the notice was given; (b) that the conviction, finding or caution by reason of which P was given the notice falls within subsection (3). (3) A conviction, finding or caution falls within this subsection ifÑ (a) any investigations or proceedings leading to it were conducted in a way which contravened any of the Convention rights (within the meaning of section 1 of the Human Rights Act 1998) which P would have had if those investigations or proceedings had taken place in the United Kingdom, and (b) that contravention was such that the conviction, finding or caution cannot be safely relied on for the purposes of meeting the condition in section 96ZA(6). (4) A person (Òthe parentÓ) may appeal to a magistratesÕ court against the decision to give them a parental notice under section 96ZB. (5) The grounds for bringing an appeal under subsection (4) includeÑ (a) that one or more of the conditions for the giving of a notice under section 96ZA to the person (ÒPÓ) for whom the parent has parental responsibility were not met in respect of P at