to purchase 25%-75% of a home and then pay a subsidised rent on the remaining share. Residents are able to buy further shares in their homes in minimum 10% instalments, and in most circumstances, up to full ownership. Social Housing: housing to rent below the market rent or to buy through shared ownership or equity percentage arrangements, that is made available to people whose needs are not adequately served by the housing market. Social Rent: low cost rent set in accordance with a government formula. Social Rented Sector: homes for rent that are owned and managed by local authorities and private registered providers. Tenant Management Organisation: local authority tenant led (by volunteers) groups who take responsibility for managing the homes they live in. Tenant Satisfaction Measures: a measurable value that demonstrates how effectively main objectives are achieved The Housing Ombudsman: Appointed by the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government in accordance with the Code of Practice published by the Commissioner for Public Appointments. The Housing Ombudsman Service is an executive non-departmental public body, sponsored by the Ministry for Housing, Communities and Local Government. The Housing Ombudsman Scheme: Approved by the Secretary of State under Section 51 of, and Schedule 2 to, the Housing Act 1996. Membership of the Scheme is compulsory for social landlords (other than local housing authorities). A number of managing agents and private landlords are voluntary members. The Regulator of Social Housing (Òthe regulatorÓ): an independent regulator which regulates providers of social housing (including local authorities, housing associations and other registered providers). Its principal role is to promote a viable, efficient and well- governed social housing sector able to deliver homes that meet a range of needs. Voluntary Right to Buy: In October 2015, the National Housing Federation, on behalf of the housing association sector, made an agreement with Government to extend Right to Buy level discounts to eligible housing association tenants through a voluntary rather than statutory approach. An initial pilot ran during 2016/17 with five housing associations, and a larger scale Midlands pilot of the scheme was launched in summer 2018. White Paper: policy document produced by the government that sets out proposals for future legislation. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 73 Annex A: Key measures for changing the regulatory regime for social housing Changes to the regulatory regime The White Paper sets out wide-ranging proposals to transform and strengthen the regulatory regime to ensure it holds all landlords to account for the services they deliver, drives good service for tenants and protects economic regulation. A list of all the changes to the regulatory regime we intend to make is set out below. Many of these changes will require legislation. Government will: • Work with the regulator to establish a proactive consumer regulation regime with active oversight of landlord performance, whilst maintaining the principle of co-regulation. This will include: • Introducing routine inspections for the largest landlords (with over 1,000 homes) with the aim of doing