service of notice of an application for an order under paragraph 2 may seriously prejudice the purpose of the search. (5) The premises referred to in sub-paragraph (2) areÑ (a) one or more sets of premises specified in the application (in which case the application is for a Òspecific premises warrantÓ), or (b) any premises occupied or controlled by a person specified in the application, including such sets of premises as are so specified (in which case the application is for an Òall premises warrantÓ). Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Special procedure for access to material relating to human remains Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 295 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 9 If the application is for an all premises warrant, the judge must also be satisfiedÑ (a) that there are reasonable grounds for believing that it is necessary to search premises occupied or controlled by the person in question which are not specified in the application, as well as those which are, in order to find the material in question, and (b) that it is not reasonably practicable to specify in the application all the premises which the person occupies or controls and which might need to be searched. 10 (1) The warrant may authorise entry to and search of premises on more than one occasion if, on the application, the judge is satisfied that it is necessary to authorise multiple entries in order to achieve the purpose for which the judge issues the warrant. (2) If the warrant authorises multiple entries, the number of entries authorised may be unlimited, or limited to a maximum. 11 A constable mayÑ (a) seize and retain anything for which a search has been authorised under paragraph 8, and (b) if necessary, use reasonable force in the exercise of a power conferred by a warrant issued under that paragraph. 296 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Expedited public spaces protection orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Procedural rules 12 Criminal Procedure Rules may make provision about proceedings under this Schedule, other than proceedings for an order under paragraph 2