dedicated identifiable, accessible and responsive neighbourhood policing teams which provide all citizens with a named point of access Reflects local conditions and is flexible and adaptive Allows the Police Service to work directly with local people to identify problems that are most important to them, thereby giving people direct influence over local policing priorities Establishes a regime for engaging other agencies and the public in problem solving mechanisms Uses the National Intelligence Model (NIM) as the basis for deployment. Requires an effective engagement, communication and feedback strategy, and a clear explanation of where accountability lies Should be subject to rigorous performance management including clear performance monitoring against a local plan and commitments made to neighbourhoods (Neighbourhood Policing Programme websitevi) While there is indeed a continued emphasis on consulting local people and reflecting local conditions, there is also repeated mention of joint working with other partner agencies and working in teams. Emphasis on evidence-based police deployment is clear, as is a commitment at the end to performance management and monitoring. So we can see here a mixture of the original reassurance philosophy of engaging the public and being flexible and adaptable to their needs, but also the New Public Management of policing with evidence-based deployment, working with partner agencies to spread the load and performance management. This ideological duality also reflected in the way neighbourhood policing is presented in point two as being part of mainstream policing activity, but in point four requires dedicated policing teams. This echoes a finding in Herrington and Millie’s (2006) work in that while reassurance was to be the work of all police officers; it was in practice usually left to those with a ‘community’ role. Nowhere in the above list is there a mention of ‘reassurance’ in the principles of neighbourhood policing. While the focus of reassurance policing was largely around an improved sense of security for communities and reducing the ‘Reassurance Gap’, neighbourhood policing mentions crime and disorder in point one as a key principle, before mentioning feelings of security. It would appear that Herrington and Millie’s (2006) observation of a narrowing of the focus of reassurance policing towards national goals instead of a purely open-ended approach lead by local communities continued into the Neighbourhood Policing Programme. We can also note the continued struggle to make community-type policing activities fit within or at least alongside the traditional policing model, as evidenced in the US. Thus what is listed above needs to be seen as more of a ‘wish list’ than the reality of policing practice, as traditional policing methods do remain. There does not seem to be here a suggestion of altering the entire police institution to one focused on the community first and foremost. What is perhaps unique to the Neighbourhood Policing Programme in England and Wales and is so far largely absent from other community policing initiatives is an attempt to integrate its goals into police service performance monitoring methods. As mentioned above, Best Value Performance Indicators were introduced and used in