purposes of the making, variation, renewal or discharge of orders after the commencement of this section. Foreign travel orders: duration In section 117(1) of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (foreign travel orders: effect) for “6 months” substitute “ 5 years ”. The amendment made by this section applies in relation to orders made, varied or renewed after the commencement of this section. Foreign travel orders: surrender of passports The Sexual Offences Act 2003 is amended as follows. After section 117 insert— “117A Foreign travel orders: surrender of passports This section applies in relation to a foreign travel order which contains a prohibition within section 117(2)(c). The order must require the defendant to surrender all of the defendant's passports, at a police station specified in the order— on or before the date when the prohibition takes effect, or within a period specified in the order. 22 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Any passports surrendered must be returned as soon as reasonably practicable after the person ceases to be subject to a foreign travel order containing a prohibition within section 117(2)(c). Subsection (3) does not apply in relation to— a passport issued by or on behalf of the authorities of a country outside the United Kingdom if the passport has been returned to those authorities; a passport issued by or on behalf of an international organisation if the passport has been returned to that organisation. In this section “passport” means— a United Kingdom passport within the meaning of the Immigration Act 1971; a passport issued by or on behalf of the authorities of a country outside the United Kingdom, or by or on behalf of an international organisation; a document that can be used (in some or all circumstances) instead of a passport.” In section 122 (breach of foreign travel order) after subsection (1) insert— “(1A) A person commits an offence if, without reasonable excuse, the person fails to comply with a requirement under section 117A(2).” The amendment made by subsection (2) applies in relation to orders made, varied or renewed after the commencement of this section. Indecent photographs of children Penalty for contravening notice relating to encrypted information Section 53 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (c. 23) (failure to comply with notice relating to encrypted information) is amended as follows. In subsection (5A)(a) after “case” insert “ “or a child indecency case” ”. After subsection (5B) insert— “(6) In subsection (5A) “a child indecency case” means a case in which the grounds