to or in respect of any such persons. References in this paragraph to pensions and gratuities include references to pensions or gratuities by way of compensation to or in respect of members of the staff of the Authority who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments. If any person— after ceasing to be employed by the Authority becomes or continues to be one of the Authority’s members, and was, by reference to his employment, a participant in a pension scheme maintained by the Authority, the Authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, make provision for that person to continue to participate in that scheme, on such terms and conditions as they may with the consent of the Secretary of State determine, as if his service as a member of the Authority were service as a member of their staff. Any provision made by virtue of sub-paragraph (4) is without prejudice to paragraph 9. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1) Employment as a member of staff of the Authority shall be included among the kinds of employment to which a scheme under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 (c. 11) can apply. Where a person is, by reference to employment as a member of the Authority’s staff, a participant in a scheme under section 1 of that Act and becomes a member of Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) SCHEDULE 3 Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or 143 before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the Authority, the Minister for the Civil Service may determine that his service as a member of the Authority shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as service as a member of staff (whether or not any benefits are payable to or in respect of him by virtue of paragraph 9). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1) A person holding the office of constable immediately before his appointment as the chief executive of the Authority— continues to hold that office while he is the chief executive; and as the chief executive, shall hold that office with the rank of chief constable. (2) A person holding the office of constable immediately before his appointment as a member of staff of the Authority (other than the chief executive) continues to hold that office while he is a member of that