affects studentsÕ K-12 experience but also limits avenues for higher education and college readiness. As students transition to higher education, the effects of this inequality persist. Students from wealthier backgrounds often come equipped with cultural capital, which helps them navigate the unspoken norms of higher education, like interacting with professors, understanding syllabi, and attending office hours.1 These informal but crucial skills, known as Òhidden curricula,Ó are assumed to be universal; however, many first-generation and low- income students have never been exposed to them.2 As a result, hidden curriculum perpetuates educational inequities, putting these students at a disadvantage in higher education. The federal government currently offers a series of eight mentorship programs, such as Upward Bound, Talent Search, and Student Support Services (TRIO) Programs, to help students overcome economic, social, academic, and cultural barriers in education.3 Three of these programs Ñ Student Support Services, the McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program, and VeteransÕ Upward Bound Ñ specifically focus on barriers in higher education; nevertheless, these programs do not address components of hidden curriculum. Instead, they concentrate on other elements such as tutoring, academic coaching, and supplemental coursework. Furthermore, the programs lack clear, measurable objectives, making it difficult to assess their effectiveness.4 Program outcomes are defined by long-term student success without considering the specific determinants of that success. This approach perpetuates inequality, as it fails to address one of the root causes Ñ hidden curricula Ñ and instead relies on academic support as a supplementary fix.5 Policy Idea The Department of Education (ED) should revamp federal TRIO programs in higher education to address challenges associated with the hidden curriculum. This revamped approach would introduce targeted initiatives focused on key aspects of hidden curricula, such as financial literacy, networking, career readiness, and academic navigation. These programs will enable students to learn practical strategies for interacting with professors, understanding syllabi, attending office hours, navigating campus resources, and more. Additionally, the revamped programs should incorporate specialized training for mentors to equip them with the tools needed to guide students effectively through the hidden expectations of higher education. The curriculum should be updated yearly to remain relevant and tailored to the norms of specific institutions, ensuring program effectiveness. The ED should also conduct annual reviews of the program content in collaboration with mentors and student representatives to take into account feedback from students about challenges and shifts in hidden curriculum. Policy Analysis Implementing a policy that addresses the knowledge gap between students of different socioeconomic backgrounds is essential to leveling the playing field in higher education.6 Without modifying federal mentorship programs to address hidden curricula, higher education opportunities for all Americans will continue to be limited by their financial constraints. The structure of federal TRIO programs makes them ideal for implementing modules that address hidden curricula, as they effectively reach students who would benefit from them the most. Congress mandates that two-thirds of TRIO participants come from families with incomes at or below 150% of the federal poverty level and where neither parent has graduated from college. As