on the firearm certificate that the firearms specified may be hired only once unless second or subsequent hirings are authorised by specific variations of the certificate. In such cases the certificate might also bear a special condition (see Appendix 3). 6.45 Section 8(2)(a) of the 1968 Act enables the producer to part with the possession of the firearms to the persons taking part in the performance or production. 6.46 Section 12(1) of the 1968 Act does not authorise the possession of ammunition. In view of the exemption for blank cartridges not exceeding one inch in diameter, it is not an offence for persons taking part in a theatrical or television performance or rehearsal or the production of films to use such blank cartridges. A firearm certificate authorising the acquisition of firearms to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies for the purposes specified in section 12, should not normally authorise the acquisition or possession of ammunition. In the absence of any relevant court rulings, chief officers of police will need to consider any applications on their individual merits, mindful of the need for consistent administration of the Acts. 6.47 There might be value in distinguishing between historical plays and presentations, where there are costumed characters in a public presentation for which firearms and blank ammunition may be needed as props and there is some form of script and rehearsals, and battle re-enactment, where it would be more likely that the exemption would not apply. However, under section 12 (2), as amended by section 23 (2) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988, the Secretary of State or Scottish Ministers may authorise a person in charge of a theatrical or television performance or rehearsal or the production of films to possess weapons prohibited under section 5 of the 1968 Act and also authorise selected other persons to have possession of those weapons while taking part in the performance, rehearsal or production. Ship and hovercraft equipment 6.48 No certificate is necessary to authorise the possession of firearms and ammunition subject to section 1 of the 1968 Act on board a ship as part of the shipÕs equipment 48 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (section 13(1)(a) of the 1968 Act). A certificate is, however, required to acquire. Under section 13(1)(c) of the 1968 Act a police officer may issue a permit (Form 115) authorising the removal of a firearm to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies (but not ammunition), to or from a ship for any purpose specified in the permit. A permit granted by a police officer does not permit the possession of prohibited weapons subject to section 5 of the 1968 Act. 6.49 Although there is no legal definition of what constitutes a ÒshipÓ within the 1968 Act, in the absence of a court ruling this effectively means a vessel designed to be ocean-going rather than one for travel on inland waterways. 6.50 Note: Article 4 of the Hovercraft (Application of Enactments) Order 1972, taken in conjunction with Schedule