Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 29C Dispute resolution: procedure This section applies where the Secretary of State is determining a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome. The Secretary of State must give the relevant persons an opportunity to make representations. If the dispute falls within section 29A(2)(a) or (b), the Secretary of State must have regard to the matters mentioned in section 25E(2). Subject to subsections (2) and (3), the Secretary of State may decide the procedure for determining the dispute. In particular, the Secretary of State may require a relevant person to provide such information as the Secretary of State may specify to— the Secretary of State, or another relevant person. Subsection (7) applies if, in determining a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome, the Secretary of State— provides information to a relevant person, or requires a relevant person to provide information to another relevant person. The Secretary of State may require the person to whom the information is provided not to disclose the information without the consent of the Secretary of State. 29D Dispute resolution: powers This section applies where the Secretary of State has considered a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome. Where the dispute is within section 29A(2)(a), the Secretary of State— must make a declaration as to the terms which are to have effect as the terms of a police services agreement between the relevant persons, and may make an order as to costs. Where a declaration is made under subsection (2)(a), references in this Part to a police services agreement are to have effect, so far as necessary, as references to the terms which the declaration provides are to have effect as the terms of a police services agreement. Where the dispute is within section 29A(2)(b), the Secretary of State may— make a declaration varying the police services agreement; determine that the manager of the aerodrome is obliged to pay to the police authority for the relevant police area a specified sum or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner; determine that the police authority for the relevant police area is obliged to pay to the manager of the aerodrome a specified sum or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner; Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known