reported will include the details of the drug(s) identified. In any case where there is any doubt, the overriding principle of the medical review process is to give the benefit of that doubt to the specimen donor. Again the Head of Professional Standards and/or D/Isnp CCU will be informed of the outcome. 1.1 1.10 In summary, the outcome of a comprehensive drug testing procedure involves three integrated stages: collection, analysis and medical review. A ÒnegativeÓ result for a specimen indicates that no illicit drug use has been identified. A ÒpositiveÓ result indicates that there is evidence of illicit drug use that cannot be explained by any of the legitimate medications used by the donor. 2. Chain-of-Custody Collection 2.1 The general principles of Chain-of-Custody collection can be summarised as follows: • To ensure that the donor understands the procedure. • To document medications taken by the donor. • To maintain the Chain-of-Custody. • To avoid cheating by the donor (specimen dilution, adulteration, substitution etc). • To allow the donor to provide a specimen in appropriate circumstances (e.g. privacy for urine collection). • To adopt procedures which allow the donor to have confidence in the procedure. • To allow the donor to observe the whole procedure by which the specimen is packaged ready for transport to the laboratory. • To ensure that the specimen is untouched at any stage, thereby avoiding contamination. • To ensure that the specimen is sent to the laboratory in tamper-evident packaging. 2.2 The collection process is facilitated by the use of a special Chain-of-Custody collection kit. The documentation is usually provided by a multi-part, duplicating Chain-of-Custody form. The documentation is completed by, or in the presence of the donor, who will sign to confirm that the urine, hair or oral fluid (Saliva) specimen is theirs. The sample will be sealed in the presence of the donor. Any information provided about medication will be confidential to the testing laboratory, a medical review officer, the trained person administering the test and the Occupational Health Unit. 2.3 The urine testing kit usually contains two containers and, after collection, the specimen is divided between the two and these are both labelled and sealed with tamper evident security seals in preparation for dispatch to the laboratory for analysis. Both specimen containers remain together. One container, the ÒAÓ sample, is used at the laboratory for drug analysis whilst the second is stored at the laboratory under secure conditions, on behalf of the donor, as a backup in case he/she wishes to challenge a positive laboratory result. The donor has the right to challenge the results of a drug test using the second part of the split specimen. In the case of a challenge, the sealed ÒBÓ sample will be sent to an independent accredited laboratory of the donorÕs choice. The donor is required to meet the cost of the transfer and subsequent analysis, but these costs will be reimbursed in the event that the test on the ÒBÓ sample is negative. 2.4 The