. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Drunkenness or disorder on licensed premises F80. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Chapter 3 Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Travel restrictions on drug trafficking offenders Power to make travel restriction orders This section applies where— a person (“the offender”) has been convicted by any court of a post- commencement drug trafficking offence; the court has determined that it would be appropriate to impose a sentence of imprisonment for that offence; and the term of imprisonment which the court considers appropriate is a term of four years or more. It shall be the duty of the court, on sentencing the offender— to consider whether it would be appropriate for the sentence for the offence to include the making of a travel restriction order in relation to the offender; if the court determines that it is so appropriate, to make such travel restriction order in relation to the offender as the court thinks suitable in all the circumstances (including any other convictions of the offender for post- commencement drug trafficking offences in respect of which the court is also passing sentence); and if the court determines that it is not so appropriate, to state its reasons for not making a travel restriction order. A travel restriction order is an order that prohibits the offender from leaving the United Kingdom at any time in the period which— begins with the offender’s release from custody; and Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 25 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes continues after that time for such period of not less than two years as may be specified in the order. A travel restriction order may contain a direction to the offender to deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, to the court any [F81UK passport] held by him; and where such a direction is given, the court shall send [F82any passport] delivered up in pursuance of the direction to the Secretary of State at such address as the Secretary of State may determine. Where the offender’s [F83passport] is held by the Secretary of State by reason of the making of any direction contained in a travel restriction order, the Secretary of State (without prejudice to any other power or duty of his