disrupting a person?s involvement in serious crime. A SCPO can prevent involvement in serious crime by imposing various conditions on a person; for example, restricting who he or she can associate with, restricting his or her travel, or placing an obligation to report his or her financial affairs to the police. Detailed information on SCPOs can be found in the CPS guidance.1 20. The Director of Public Prosecutions or Director of the Serious Fraud Office can make applications to a court for an SCPO to be made in England and Wales. In Northern Ireland, the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland makes 1 http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/s_to_u/serious_crime_prevention_orders_(scpo)_guidance/ the applications. Section 46 of and Schedule 1 to the 2015 Act also extends SCPOs to Scotland, where the Lord Advocate makes applications2. The court hearing the case decides whether an SCPO is necessary. There is an indicative list of ããserious offences?? in Schedule 1 to the 2007 Act for SCPO applications. An order can last for up to five years. While SCPOs can be made as ãstand alone? orders in the High Court, they have mostly been used against those convicted of a serious crime in the Crown Court. 21. Breach of a SCPO?s conditions is a criminal offence under section 25 of the 2007 Act, subject to a maximum penalty of five years? imprisonment. A person can be prosecuted for the breach offence in any part of the UK, regardless of where the order was made (for example, a prosecution can take place in Scotland for breach of an SCPO made by an English court). Section 47: Adding indicative offences for imposing an SCPO 22. Section 47 of the 2015 Act adds the cultivation of cannabis, firearms possession and cyber crime offences to the list of indicative offences for making an SCPO. The list can be found in Schedule 1 to the 2007 Act Ð Part 1 for England and Wales and Part 2 for Northern Ireland. The new participation offence (see section 45 above) has also been added to the list. It should be noted that the list of offences in Schedule 1 to the 2007 Act is indicative and that a court can make an order in relation to other crimes if appropriate. The new offences are listed below. 23. For England, Wales and Northern Ireland: An offence under section 6 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (restriction on cultivation of cannabis plants). Note that other offences relating to drugs trafficking are already SCPO indicative offences. Offences under the following provisions of the Computer Misuse Act 1990: o section 1 (unauthorised access to computer material); o section 2 (unauthorised access with intent to commit or facilitate commission of further offences); o section 3 (unauthorised acts with intent to impair, or with recklessness as to impairing the operation of computers etc); o section 3ZA (unauthorised acts causing, or creating risk of, serious damage to human welfare etc); o section 3A (making, supplying or obtaining articles for use in an offence under