Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk 10 Local Authority Legal Services will usually apply to the court for such orders. ACPO Position Statement: Necessity to Arrest National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) November 2012 Introduction The revised Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE), Code G (implementation date 12th November 2012) demands more detailed consideration by arresting officers of the necessity to arrest than has previously been the case. Increased emphasis is placed on the use of alternatives to arrest, such as the use of street bail and, specifically from an interview perspective, the use of voluntary interviews under caution. This document is intended to provide practical guidance to officers considering the necessity to arrest criteria from an investigative interviewing perspective. The subject of voluntary interviews under caution is contained in a separate ACPO Investigative Interviewing Steering Group positional statement. Background The implications of arrest on an individual even if no prosecution follows can be significant, including loss of reputation and reduced employment opportunities as a result of the arrest record appearing on enhanced Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) checks. The revision of PACE Code G was driven by a desire to prevent the unnecessary arrest of persons such as householders and others who use reasonable force in self defence and concerns about the position of teachers/school staff facing allegations connected with their employment. Case law1 has also evolved surrounding the necessity to arrest criteria which the revised Code G consolidates. Further drivers to increase the use of alternatives to arrest have come from within the UK police service itself. Austerity measures have led to forces reviewing policy and procedure seeking to identify efficiency savings, including reducing demand on custody centres. While the impact of PACE Code G on the decision to arrest is significant, it is essential for effective investigation that, while complying with the legislative requirements, an unintended consequence of operational officers become fearful 1 Wren v CC Northumbria (2009, Farrelly and others v CC PSNI (2009), Richardson v CC West Midlands (2011), OÕHara v CC RUC (1997), Rollins v CC West Midlands (2010), Shields v CC Merseyside (2010), Hayes v CC Merseyside (2010). of exercising lawful powers is not established, with a resulting negative impact on investigative interviewing and investigation in general. Investigating officers must not see a decision not to arrest as the default position even when suspects voluntarily attend the police station and should judge each case on its own merits after carefully considering all of the information available. The elements of a lawful arrest are that the arresting officer must have: (1) Reasonable grounds to suspect an offence has been committed and that the person has committed it; AND (2) Reasonable grounds to believe that arrest is necessary for one or more of the specified reasons to a) Ascertain the persons name b) Ascertain the persons address c) Prevent physical harm to self or another or suffering physical injury d) Prevent loss of or damage to property e) Prevent an offence against public decency f) Prevent