that are not offset if the garden doesnÕt remain open for long enough.11 The study explains that to reduce overall greenhouse gas emissions, community garden programs should extend the lifetime of necessary infrastructure (raised beds, fabric nets, paths, etc.) and practice urban symbiosis.11 Integrating these best practices into the grant program is essential to maintaining its long- term sustainability benefits. Highlights • Rates of food insecurity in the US are high, posing serious health consequences for vulnerable Americans.1,2,3 • The food production process is not sustainable, with many emissions coming from transport.4 • The United States should provide an application-based grant program for food- insecure neighborhoods to create and maintain community gardens. • The program would provide a crucial source of healthy nutrition while cutting emissions from obtaining food.5,6,7,8,9,10 Implementation The United States should implement an application-based grant program for American cities to support the creation and maintenance of community gardens, which should be administered through the OUAIP. These grants will help fund materials, land purchases, and crops, amongst other necessary purchases. Since the federal government is funding materials, the OUAIP should also restrict what materials should be purchased with the money to ensure high-quality infrastructure is used to lengthen the life span and, if possible, local compost material is used for soil enrichment. Emphasizing these sustainable practices will amplify the gardensÕ environmental impact.11 To qualify for the grant, cities must be a USDA-designated low-access neighborhood (a food desert) and submit plans for a community garden large enough to support interested residentsÐwhich they should measure through public polls. The community gardens must be available to all citizens free of charge and be created on public- owned vacant lots or public gardens to not limit other economic opportunities. While cities themselves should submit the grant applications, they will be encouraged to utilize the help of private corporations, which are currently helping manage community gardens and thus have more expertise. The grant process should be designed to be as simple as possible. However, if needed, the OUAIP should assist cities in the application process to overcome the initial application burden and ensure accessibility.5 The grants should be made available for application immediately, be valid for three years (before renewal is required), and be subject to regular auditing to ensure upkeep and maintenance. If the cities are not properly utilizing funds, the OUAIP should provide direct intervention and assistance to resolve obstacles. Funding for this program should come from general tax revenue. Political opposition may stem from this funding mechanism, though, as some politicians may see the program as costly. To counter it, politicians should emphasize the fact that, since the program is application-based, the OUAIP can decide to allocate funds to only the most needy cities, depending on available resources. The same can be argued against opponents who believe the job is already being done by nonprofits: the OUAIP can choose to allocate funding only in cities without preexisting gardens. To further address the issue of funding, politicians should emphasize that as