just to check and test that employees are not having offensive or insulting visible art work completed. Table of Contents Inappropriate Tattoos It is worth noting that there will be automatic rejections to applications, both officers and police staff, should any tattoo be considered to be; discriminatory, offensive, undermine political neutrality i.e. rude, lewd, crude, racist, sexist, sectarian, homophobic or violent or not in accordance with the values of Wiltshire Police. This applies whether the tattoo is visible or not. The following are examples of tattoos that would not be acceptable: Violent Racist/political Sexist Multiple Tattoos Having multiple tattoos across other parts of the body wonÕt necessarily be unacceptable, as long as they are not offensive and do not meet the automatic disqualification criteria. It is essential that tattoos must also be able to be easily covered if there is a requirement to do so, in certain policing situations. Full torso, full legs, arms and multiple tattoos on an officers / staff members hands may therefore be considered acceptable Table of Contents DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Supplies Division of Facilities Management Department Procedure Owner/Author: Sarah Somers (Head of Health and Safety) / Lynne TAYLOR (Supplies Manager) Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACO Clive BARKER (Chief Finance Officer) Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 04.01.2021 3.0C Section 10 amended to include Coronavirus PPE advice and link to PPE Briefing 08.12.2020. 06.01.2021 3.0D Section 10 amended to state mandatory use of IIR face masks in all Police and partner agency buildings. 14.03.2023 3.0E Section 14 (page 13) amended to include mandatory rules relating to AFOÕs / NFIÕs. 05.05.2023 4.0 Section 10: Coronavirus face mask requirement removed. Subsequent section numbers amended accordingly. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 25.06.2019 3.0 Chief Constable 08.05.2019 3.0 JNCC (Not required for all procedures) Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this procedure (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version UNISON May 2019 3.0 Police Federation May 2019 3.0 Implications of the Procedure: Training Requirements None IT Infrastructure None Table of Contents STATEMENT OF SAFETY POLICY Wiltshire Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire and Swindon attach great importance to safeguarding the health and safety of our employees, others working on or visiting our premises and members of the public to whom we provide a service. We are fully committed to the management and discharge of our responsibilities as employers, under the Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974, the Police (Health and Safety) Act 1997 and all other relevant statutory provisions and codes of practices. As the lease holder, owner or licensee of premises the Commissioner also has overall responsibility for managing health and safety matters in relation to the structure of premises. The