• a girl spends long periods of time away from a classroom during the day with bladder or menstrual problems; • a girl or woman has frequent urinary, menstrual or stomach problems; 42 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation • a girl avoids physical exercise or requires to be excused from physical education (PE) lessons without a GPÕs letter; • there are prolonged or repeated absences from school or college (see 2016 guidance on children missing education52); • increased emotional and psychological needs, for example withdrawal or depression, or significant change in behaviour; • a girl or woman is reluctant to undergo any medical examinations; • a girl or woman asks for help, but is not be explicit about the problem; and/or • a girl talks about pain or discomfort between her legs. Remember: this is not an exhaustive list of indicators. If any of these indicators are identified professionals will need to consider what action to take. If unsure what action to take, professionals should discuss with their named/designated safeguarding lead. Professionals subject to the mandatory reporting duty are required to report ÔknownÕ53 cases of FGM in girls under 18 to the police (see Section 3.4). 52 www.gov.uk/government/publications/children-missing-education 53 ÒKnownÓ cases are those where either a girl informs the person that an act of FGM Ð however described Ð has been carried out on her, or where the person observes physical signs on a girl appearing to show that an act of FGM has been carried out and the person has no reason to believe that the act was, or was part of, a surgical operation within section 1(2)(a) or (b) of the FGM Act 2003. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 43 Annex C: Talking About FGM Key points • Supporting women and girls who have undergone FGM demands sensitivity and compassion on the part of the professional; • Sometimes it will not be clear that FGM is the origin of the individualÕs problem/s; • Professionals may experience strong emotions when dealing with FGM Ð it is important they discuss this with a colleague or supervisor; • Important points to consider when talking to women or girls affected by FGM include: ensuring that the conversation is not interrupted, giving the individual time to speak, only asking one question at a time, and remaining non-judgmental; • When developing written or visual materials for either individuals or the public, care must be taken to ensure the materials are appropriate, and developing them in consultation with survivors and affected communities is recommended. C.1. Introduction to Talking About FGM Good communication is essential when talking to individuals who have had FGM, may be at risk of FGM, or are affected by the practice. Professionals should ensure that they enquire sensitively about FGM. The topic of FGM may arise in a variety of settings, including a GPÕs surgery as part of a medical consultation, a home environment during a health visitorÕs post-natal visit, or at school. Conversations may take