limited to that for a Ôsingle escape routeÕ in Table 2 on page 68. Any alternative exits should be positioned to ensure a fire will not compromise both exits. The maximum total travel distance recommended in Table 2 should apply to the nearest exit (Figure 28 and 29, distance AÐC). However, since you have two exits, your total travel distance should not exceed that for Ômore than one escape routeÕ in Table 2. Figure 28: Measuring travel distance from initial dead end (open plan) 72 Figure 29: Measuring travel distance from initial dead end (inner room) Escape routes with dead-end conditions If your premises has escape routes from which escape can be made in one direction only (a dead end), then an undetected fire in that area could affect people trying to escape. To overcome this problem, limit the travel distance (see Table 2) and use one of the following solutions: • Fit an automatic fire detection and warning system in those areas where a fire could present a risk to the escape route (see Figure 30). • Protect the escape route with fire-resisting construction to allow people to escape safely past a room in which there is a fire (see Figure 31). • Provide an alternative exit (see Figure 32). Alternative approaches may be acceptable, although expert advice may be necessary. Figure 30: Dead-end condition with automatic fire detection Figure 31: Dead-end condition with fire-resisting construction 74 Figure 32: Dead-end condition provided with an alternative exit Basement, escape and protection In all buildings with basements (other than very small basements), stairways serving upper floors should preferably not extend to the basement and in any case should not do so where they are the only stairway serving the upper floors. Any stairway that does extend from the basement to the upper floors should be seperated at basement level by a fire resisting lobby or corridor between the basement and the stairway. All basements used by more than 60 people or where there are no exits directly to a place of total safety, should have at least two protected escape stairways. In high risk premises there should be an alternative stairway from the basement to ground level unless there is a suitable alternative route to the final exit. Wherever possible all stairways to basements should be entered at ground level from the open air, and should be positioned so that smoke from any fire in the basement would not obstruct any exit serving the other floors of the building. Where any stairway links a basement with the ground floor, the basement should be separated from the ground floor, preferably by two 30-minute fire doors, one at basement and one at ground floor level (see Figure 33). Any floor over a basement should provide 60 minutes fire resistance. For smaller premises 30 minutes may be acceptable. Where this is impractical, and as long as no smoke can get through the floor, automatic smoke detection linked to a fire-alarm system which is audible