access to internal organisational systems. The Act introduces three basic criminal acts: • Unauthorised access; • Unauthorised access with intent to commit a further serious offence; • Unauthorised modification of computer material. Staff (and other authorised users) must only access systems they are authorised to use. It is an offence to knowingly gain unauthorised access to a computer system, and this could result in a fine or imprisonment. 11. SITE SECURITY Physical security involves protecting Wiltshire Police & OPCC premises, staff, information and ICT assets from unauthorised physical access and physical security threats, e.g. fire and wilful damage. All Wiltshire Police & OPCC staff must support site security requirements and adhere to the Physical Security Policy. 12. REMOVAL OF PROPERTY AND SECURITY OF EQUIPMENT OFF-PREMISES All staff are responsible for protecting authorised off-site equipment (allocated to them) against physical security threats and unauthorised access. Staff must also ensure that off-site Force information is securely handled in line with the ForceÕs Information Management Policy. 13. PASSWORD SECURITY Passwords are a key control to maintain information security. They help ensure that only authorised persons have access to the ForceÕs IT network and systems. Passwords MUST NOT be easily identifiable/guessable or contain personal information that could be easily identified by hackers (e.g. names, dates, sports teams, pet names, vehicle registration numbers). In order for your password to be effective and remain secure, you must comply with the Password Policy which details the length and composition requirements for Force passwords. You should avoid writing your passwords down, whether itÕs in your mobile phone or on a post-it note. It might seem like a helpful way to remember them, but if they get into the wrong hands it could put you and your account at risk. This is even more important when working from home as the risks are greater in the family home, for example they could be seen by family members or stolen in a burglary. 14. CLEAR DESK AND CLEAR SCREEN POLICY Measures must be taken to adequately protect against unauthorised physical access to the Police and OPCC information hosted on PCs, laptops, handheld devices (e.g. tablets, mobile telephones etc.), computer media (e.g. DVDs, CDs and USB storage devices), and paper documentation. Staff must adhere to the ForceÕs Information Management Policy and Records Management Policy. All staff must ensure that access to their user accounts is password protected when their computer devices are left unattended, even for a small amount of time, e.g. 1 minute by locking their workstation. All staff must ensure that all mobile equipment, e.g. laptops and tablets, sensitive computer media and sensitive documentation are not left unattended and insecure, but are appropriately stored in locked areas or facilities, e.g. locked cabinets, and that access to relevant keys is controlled. At the end of a working day, you must: • Logoff your PC or laptop; • Clear your desk, and lock all sensitive computer media and documents away in a drawer or cabinet with suitably restricted access; • If