weapons in prisonÓ Ð new section 40CA of the Prison Act 1952: Power to authorise possession in prison of a knife or offensive weapon Power conferred on: The Secretary of State, governor or director of a prison or person authorised by them Power exercisable by: (i) The Prison Rules made by statutory instrument (ii) Administratively Parliamentary procedure: (i) Negative resolution (ii) None 2. New clause ÒKnives and offensive weapons in prisonÓ inserts new section 40CA into the Prison Act 1952 (Òthe 1952 ActÓ) which makes it an offence for a person to possess, without authorisation, a specified article inside a prison. The specified articles are any article that has a blade or is sharply pointed, or any other offensive weapon. New section 40CA(5) applies the authorisation regime in section 40E(1) to (3) of the 1952 Act as it relates to section 40D. The dis-application of the offence through an authorisation regime recognises that there are legitimate circumstances where it is necessary for persons in prisons (including prisoners) to have in their possession knives or other bladed or sharply pointed articles which, in other contexts, may constitute offensive weapons. 3. Sections 40A to 40E of the 1952 Act currently set out a number of criminal offences which relate to certain articles being conveyed into or out of prisons, or being possessed or used within a prison, without authorisation. Under section 40B(1) it is an offence to bring a List A article (which includes an offensive weapon) into a prison without authorisation. Authorisation for this purpose is defined in section 40B(2) as authorisation given in relation to all prisons or prisons of a specified description, by prison rules or administratively by the Secretary of State and in relation to a particular prison, administratively by the Secretary of State or by the governor or director. 4. Section 40C provides that it is an offence to bring a List B or List C item into or out of prison, without authorisation. Alcohol, mobile phones, cameras, and sound recording devices are List B items. List C articles include tobacco, money, food, and drink (as set out in the Prison Rules 1999 (SI 1999/728)). Section 40D provides for other offences in relation to prison security including that it is an offence for a person to take a photograph or sound recording inside a prison or transmit or cause to transmit, any image, sound or information, to convey a restricted document out of 2. prison or to possess a mobile phone or similar, or a component part of a mobile phone, without authorisation. The meaning of authorisation for the purposes of section 40C and 40D is set out in section 40E. 5. Section 40E(1) provides that authorisation means authorisation given in relation to all prisons or prisons of a specified description by the Secretary of State or by the Prison Rules and in relation to a particular prison by the Secretary of State, by the governor or director of the prison, or by a person working at