falling in England and Wales. It was also just before and during this time that the police adopted their New Public Management approach to policing that put ‘efficiency and effectiveness’ to the fore. The result was that volume crimes (such as burglary and theft) were prioritised, as they would produce the more easily measured and quantifiable results, thus meeting the government’s demands for a reduction in crime and an increase in accountability. While this seems to have been a success in terms of the crime rate, it has also meant that relationships with community members were not high on the police priority list. Since that time when crime rates began to fall, a new factor was on the increase: fear of crime. The disparity between actual recorded crime levels and the perception the public had of crime is called the ‘Reassurance Gap’ (Herrington and Millie 2006). This propelled the government into action and it launched the National Reassurance Policing Programme (NRPP) in England and Walesv in April 2003. It ran for two years and its main objectives were to improve public confidence in the police while reducing the fear of crime (Fielding and Innes 2006). Integral to the reassurance project was a focus on ‘signal crimes’, a perspective developed by Martin Innes and colleagues at the University of Surrey (see Innes and Fielding 2002). Signal crimes can be anything that causes a person to feel alarmed or fearful of harm or disorder, such as graffiti, drug dealing or fly-tipping. The events or objects that become signals to a person do not necessarily bring about further or worse crimes (as is the premise of the ‘Broken Windows’ theory of Wilson and Kelling 1982, see later section on zero-tolerance policing), but can bring about changes in the person’s behaviour to avoid harm. Signal crimes do not necessarily signal the same kind of danger or disorder to all people, and thus the importance here is how events are interpreted and acted upon, rather than on their ability to further increase the crime rate in an area. This leads to the importance of consulting with local areas to ascertain which events or objects are signals for them. Reassurance policing as it was developed for the NRPP had reassurance as a core process in police work, rather than an outcome in itself. Reassurance was to be the style of policing that officers adopted, by helping local areas to address their signal crimes so that they felt more secure in their surroundings, more cohesive (collective efficacy) and had greater confidence in the police. In this approach, overall security is the master concept. This is in contrast to how a report by Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary described reassurance (Herrington and Millie 2006). In Povey’s paper (2001), reassurance is a goal in itself, and by achieving it the public could be encouraged to engage with the police more fully, and potentially provide more intelligence and other assistance in reducing crime. By being ‘visible, accessible and familiar’, the