of the next of kin or personal representative/s regarding eventual disposal of human tissue taken at post mortem should be ascertained in writing [each force should adopt a standard form for this purpose]. This may include the following options: • Return of material to the next of kin or personal representative/s for burial or cremation; or • • Disposal by incineration at the request of the police. It is essential to explain to the next of kin or personal representative/s the fact that small samples such as blocks and slides may be retained indefinitely (usually up to 30 years) depending on the individual circumstances of each case, and a record of the fact that this has been explained to them should be made and retained. This may be particularly so in cases where the perpetrator has been convicted and the material is retained until the convicted person is released from prison, or in un-detected cases which will be subject to review. Retention of human tissue should align with any requirements of Management of Police Information (MOPI). Disposal of other human tissue material held on authority of the police Pregnancy remains Regarding the disposal of pregnancy remains, which may have been retained in connection with a criminal inquiry; although the seizure will likely have been made under the relevant provisions of PACE 1984 or the common law, disposal in these extremely sensitive cases should be conducted, where possible, and dependant on the circumstances of the case, in the spirit of the HTA publication ÔGuidance on the disposal of pregnancy remains following pregnancy loss or terminationÕ. Historically held human tissue Human tissue taken at post mortem is sometimes discovered at mortuaries and hospital laboratories by the HTA during their routine inspection regime of post mortem establishments. Such discoveries will be reported to the Home Office Forensic Pathology Unit (ÔHOFPUÕ), and they will liaise with the relevant police force to determine whether it should be disposed of. The police must confirm to the holding establishment (e.g. mortuary or pathology laboratory etc.) whether the human tissue is still required for a criminal justice purpose, or whether it should be respectfully disposed of and inform the HOFPU of the outcome. Material no longer required for a criminal justice purpose is divided into three categories as per the Forensic Science RegulatorÕs guidance. How material is disposed of depends on which category the material falls into and each should be considered on a case-by-case basis. The flowcharts attached, in conjunction with the National Decision Model, will assist in the decision-making process. Summary All human tissue must be accounted for and capable of audit at all stages of the investigation, from initial seizure through to final lawful disposal. The SIO must therefore be confident of: • A lawful power to seize; • A continuing lawful purpose to retain and examine; • A clear policy for disposal; • The fact that the coroner has been informed in writing of all material preserved; and updated where the status of the