must be under constant one-to-one supervision when handling firearms and ammunition either by the responsible adult at the school, or another equally experienced person nominated by the Head Teacher, or someone who is a coach, or Range Conducting Officer with a qualification recognised by the NRA or NSRA. The Head Teacher or the responsible adult at the school must tell the local police about guest days at least 48 hours in advance; viii. the Head Teacher must appoint a person to act as liaison officer with the police and the chief officer of police must have confidence that this person can provide the police with such information as they require to ensure that shooting is conducted properly and gives no cause for concern; ix. the school will maintain a register of the attendance of all members together with details for each session of the firearms which they used and the competitions, if any, in which they took part; x. the school will inform the police of any holder of a firearm certificate who has ceased to be a member of the club; xi. the school will inform the police if any member who holds a firearm certificate has not attended a meeting for a year; and xii. there is nothing else that would make the school unsuitable for approval. Disclosure of information 17.25 Under the terms of their approval, clubs are obliged to notify the police of any applications for membership, giving the applicantÕs name and address and the outcome of any application. The police should acknowledge receipt of such notifications. The notes on the criteria for Home Office or Scottish Government approved club status indicate that clubs should make their own arrangements for assessing whether members or prospective members are of good character and that chief officer of police should not be asked to disclose whether or not someone has a criminal record. Nevertheless, notification will enable the police to take prompt action where the applicant is found to be a prohibited person or is considered not to be a suitable person to be issued with a firearm certificate. 17.26 Current legislation/common law does not allow for the disclosure by the police to a shooting club of personal details of a member, or prospective member, unless the information is needed to prevent (or detect) a crime, or to enable the apprehension or prosecution of an offender. If, for example, an applicant is a prohibited person, an offence could have taken place and the clubÕs full co-operation would be required to provide evidence for any prosecution under section 21 of the 1968 Act. If it is necessary to disclose the prohibition in order to investigate the matter it would be lawful to do so. If an individual is judged to be unsuitable for other reasons, the club liaison officer should be formally so notified in a timely manner. If a club is not advised of unsuitability, it is unlikely to refuse or terminate membership until after an incident has occurred.