and now serves as Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Domestic Policy. SheÕs interested in a wide range of policy topics, all centered around how domestic policy can affect human rights on a global scale. Beyond CPG, Rachel is an undergraduate scholar for the Institute of Policy and Global Affairs, an editor for the Cornell International Affairs Review, a brother of Phi Alpha Delta, and a sister in Delta Delta Delta. Alice Lee Ô26, Center Director for Economic Policy Alice is a junior, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management with an intended minor in Applied Economics. She joined CPG as an economic policy analyst in Fall 2023, and now serves as the Economic Center Director. AliceÕs policy interests include housing rights, racial disparities in economic mobility, and social welfare programs in general. Nathaniel Cain Ô27, Assistant Center Director for Economic Policy Nathaniel is a sophomore, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management. He joined CPG in Fall 2023, and he is most interested in consumer protection policy, macroeconomic policy, and housing policy. Outside of CPG, he is the Head Teaching Assistant for the introductory public policy course at Cornell, a research assistant within the ILR School, a member of a student consulting organization, and a DJ for WVBR. Sejal Sekhar Ô27, Center Director for Education Policy Sejal is a sophomore, majoring in Public Policy in the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy with plans of minoring in Business and Law & Society. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 and is interested in researching educational inequalities and creating policies that address them. Outside of CPG, Sejal is a brother of Cornell's Kappa Alpha Pi Pre-Law Fraternity, a board member of Community Partnership Funding Board, and a dancer on Cornell's competitive Bhangra Team. Danielle Berkowitz Ô27, Assistant Center Director for Education Policy Danielle Berkowitz is a sophomore studying public policy at the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy, with intended minors in Law and Society and Business. She joined CPG in the Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Education Center and now serves as Assistant Education Center Director. Danielle's policy interests focus on addressing education inequality, specifically advancing equitable resource access and creating policies that effectively support underrepresented communities. Krislyn Michel Ô27, Center Director for Environmental & Technology Policy Krislyn Michel is a Public Policy major with an interest in specializing in environmental, data/technology, and social policy. She is also pursuing two minors respectively in Inequality Studies alongside Law and Society. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 and is interested in equitable approaches pollution, environmental racism, and consumer data protection. Outside of CPG, she is a member of various student dance groups, a campaign fellow for Students4NY, and serves as a student ambassador for the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy. In her free time, she enjoys thrifting, analyzing film and media, attending concerts, and cooking. Jack Turner Õ26, Assistant Center Director for Environmental & Technology Policy Jack is a junior majoring in Public Policy, and joined CPG