PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW This procedure will be monitored and reviewed every 6 months and/or in light of legislative change by the Force Clinical Governance Consultant in conjunction with the Head of Health and Safety. The Force Occupational Health and Safety Committee will be responsible for the approval and monitoring of the procedure document and its implementation on an annual basis. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE Doctor Rachel Oaten, Clinical Governance Consultant (S/Insp 4327 Rachel Oaten) Sarah Somers Head of Health and Safety David James Health and Safety Advisor 1. Legal Requirements The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 imposes a duty of care on the employer to ensure, so far as reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare of all staff and others affected by our undertakings. In addition, sections 7 and 8 of the Act state that staff must take appropriate steps to safeguard their own health and safety as well as that of others. The Health and Safety (First Aid) Regulations 1981 sets out the essential aspects of first aid that employers have to address including the requirement to: • Regulation 3(1) : Provide or ensure that there are provided, such equipment and facilities as are adequate and appropriate in the circumstances for enabling first aid to be rendered to their employees if they are injured or become injured at work. • Regulation 3(2) : Provide or ensure that there is provided, such numbers of suitable persons as is adequate and appropriate in the circumstances for rendering first aid to their employees if they become injured or ill at work. This person shall not be suitable unless they have undergone Health and Safety Executive approved training. • Regulation 4 : An employer shall inform his employees of the arrangements that have been made in connection with the provision of first aid including location of equipment, facilities and personnel. The Regulations do not oblige employers to provide first aid for anyone other than their own employees. Despite this, the Force has a duty of care to members of the public and others affected by our undertakings, therefore all police officers are trained to appointed person level. Specified police staff in operational roles, for example police community support officers also receive basic first aid training. 2. Procedure Overview It is recognised that our employees will frequently be called to emergency incidents where the immediate provision of first aid will save lives and minimise further harm and suffering. Thus, whilst the primary responsibility for emergency medical support rests with the ambulance service, some of our employees need to be able to administer first aid in emergency incidents. . 3. Purpose Wiltshire Police recognises the importance