section 7 might be applied in practice. Decisions about whether the terms of section 7 have been met and the discretion to grant or refuse a firearm certificate rests with chief officers of police, as set out in the 1968 Act. The interpretation of the law remains a matter for the courts. 9.3 If a person wishes to possess a handgun under section 7, the chief officer of police must be satisfied that the firearm is one to which the provisions of section 7 apply. The burden therefore rests with the owner to provide evidence that the handgun concerned falls within the scope of section 7. This guidance sets out the issues and the evidence which the police may wish to consider in deciding whether to grant a firearm certificate in these circumstances. Section 7 of the 1997 Act 9.4 The text of section 7, as amended by The Scotland Act 1998 (Transfer of Functions to the Scottish Ministers etc.) Order 1999 (SI 1999/1750), is as follows: Section 7: Firearms of historic interest: (1) The authority of the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers is not required by virtue of subsection (1)(aba) of section 5 of the 1968 Act for a person to have in his possession, or to purchase or acquire, or to sell or transfer, a firearm whichÑ (a) was manufactured before 1st January 1919; and (b) is of a description specified under subsection (2) below, if he is authorised by a firearm certificate to have the firearm in his possession, or to purchase or acquire it, subject to a condition that he does so only for the purpose of its being kept or exhibited as part of a collection. (2) The Secretary of State may by order made by statutory instrument specify a description of firearm for the purposes of subsection (1) above if it appears to him thatÑ (a) firearms of that description were manufactured before 1st January 1919; and 63 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (b) ammunition for firearms of that type is not readily available. (3) The authority of the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers is not required by virtue of subsection (1)(aba) of section 5 of the 1968 Act for a person to have in his possession, or to purchase or acquire, or to sell or transfer, a firearm whichÑ (a) is of particular rarity, aesthetic quality or technical interest, or (b) is of historical importance, if he is authorised by a firearm certificate to have the firearm in his possession subject to a condition requiring it to be kept and used only at a place designated for the purposes of this subsection by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers (by virtue of provision made under section 63 of the Scotland Act 1998). (4) This section has effect without prejudice to section 58(2) of the 1968 Act (antique firearms). 9.5 In broad terms, section 7 of the 1997 Act divides historic handguns, other than antiques and muzzle-loaders, into