should take to reach fire exits While not normally acceptable, the use of ladders, floor hatches, wall hatches or window exits may be suitable for small numbers of able-bodied, trained staff in exceptional circumstances. Fire-resisting construction The type and age of construction are crucial factors to consider when assessing the adequacy of the existing escape routes. To ensure the safety of people it may be necessary to protect escape routes from the effects of a fire. In older premises (see Appendix C for more information on historical properties) it is possible that the type of construction and materials used may not perform to current fire standards. Also changes of occupier and refurbishment may have led to: • cavities and voids being created, allowing the potential for a fire to spread unseen; • doors and hardware worn by age and movement being less likely to limit the spread of smoke; • damaged or lack of cavity barriers in modular construction; and • breaches in fire compartment walls, floors and ceilings created by the installation of new services, e.g. computer cabling. Where an escape route needs to be separated from the rest of the premises by fire-resisting construction, e.g. a dead-end corridor or protected stairway (see Figures 31 and 35 on pages 74 and 78 respectively), then you should ensure the following: • Doors (including access hatches to cupboards, ducts and vertical shafts linking floors) walls, floors and ceilings protecting escape routes should be capable of resisting the passage of smoke and fire for long enough so that people can escape from the building. • Where suspended or false ceilings are provided, the fire resistance should extend up to the floor slab level above. For means of escape purposes a 30 minutes fire-resisting rating is normally enough. • Cavity barriers, fire stopping and dampers in ducts are appropriately installed. If there is any doubt about the nature of the construction of your premises, ask for advice from a competent person. 64 Number of people using the premises As your escape routes need to be adequate for the people likely to use them you will need to consider how many people, including employees and the public, may be present at any one time. Where premises have been subject to building regulations approval for use as either an office or a shop, the number and width of escape routes and exits will normally be enough for the anticipated number of people using the building. In such buildings where the risk has changed or buildings were constructed before national Building Regulations it is still necessary to confirm the provision. For offices, the maximum numbers of staff, visitors and contractors liable to be in the building at the same time will be known by the responsible person. For shops, the responsible person will normally be aware of the maximum number of people liable to be present from a personal knowledge of trading patterns. There will also be an appreciation of the use of the building by