that causes concern for these reasons should be considered jointly in a multi-agency meeting with regards to some form of offender management being put in place and a joint decision made as to who should be informed in order that victims can be safeguarded. Ultimately the most serious offenders on conviction should be alerted to the Probation Service for consideration of their inclusion in the MAPPA process. 5. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILIES 5.1 Call Handlers The receipt of a report or suspicion of harassment is the beginning of an investigation. Domestic Abuse related instances must be dealt with under the Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure. For non-domestic abuse related instances you must carry out THRIVE+ risk assessment in accordance with the Grading & Deployment Policy and Procedure. Whilst conducting the THRIVE+ assessment you should: • Prioritise the safety of the victim and any children, giving safety advice and any other advice as appropriate. • Endeavour to obtain as much detail from the victim/caller as possible, where appropriate, about what has taken place in order to support an effective investigation. • Where your THRIVE+ assessment deems it necessary open a Storm log for stalking and harassment related incidents. • All reports of Non Domestic related stalking or harassment that havenÕt been recorded on storm should be recorded on NICHE. • Create an incident describing the nature of the call and record the first account of what the caller says has occurred (recording verbatim). Where appropriate attempt to ascertain the following: * Location, identity and contact details of the person making the report, e.g. victim, neighbour etc. * Details of all persons involved (e.g. name, gender, date of birth, home address, telephone number etc.). * Severity of any injuries and whether medical assistance is required. * Whether anyone is at further risk of injury. * Whether the incident has ended or is ongoing. * Location, identity and description of any suspect and any vehicles bring used. * Whether weapons are available to the suspect or are being/have been used. * Whether any party appears to be under influence of drink or drugs. * Details of the demeanour of the victim, suspect and others present, and any background noise. * Whether there are any special needs in respect of the victim, witness, suspect or the person that may affect the police response, e.g. disability or communication difficulties, mental health or other potential vulnerability. * Whether any court cases are pending (civil or criminal). 5.2 Dispatcher You should: • Where appropriate ensure medical assistance is on route. • Prioritise the safety of officers and others attending the scene. • Inform the attending officers of all relevant information and intelligence available, e.g. markers at the address, previous Harassment Information Notices (HINÕs), civil and restraining orders and conditions, child protection issues etc. • Inform the Duty Inspector and Public Protection Department (PPD) as soon as possible if the risk to a victim is high. In the event that the incident is a threat to the organisation (e.g.