suppliers about procedures. b) - Updated Business Continuity Plans 4. Warning and Informing a) Meetings for Category 1 responders with partners about the nature of hazard and risk, and type of messages to make public. Category 2 responders are likely to have responsibilities to provide information to the public under their own legislation (ÒfunctionsÓ). Updated messages and procedures. b) Meetings for Category 1 responders with partners and other co-operating organisations, such as the media and voluntary sector, about multi-agency media plans and arrangements for warning dissemination. Category 2 responders are likely to have responsibilities to provide information to the public under their own legislation (ÒfunctionsÓ). Updated messages and procedures.[Operationally Ð at the response phase, partners should inform each other when warnings and other messages are issued.] A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Is information-sharing required? 4. Warning and Informing c) Joint publicity and events by Category 1s and their partners to raise public awareness of plans and procedures. Each organisation to contribute relevant messages. 5. Promotion of Business Continuity Management a) LA clarifies with partners who is doing what to promote business continuity management. Information about promotion efforts undertaken and promotional opportunities. b) - Requests from business community for information about potential business continuity risks. 2.15. Across the five duties, apart from the specific duty to co-operate through the local resilience forum, co-operation Òshall take such form as may be agreed between 2.1. the relevant respondersÓ.14 Most of these agreements for working together are informal and routine. Practical areas for co-operation and/or information sharing are dealt with directly between responders through day-to-day liaison. Other agreements are based on more formal structures of co-operation, such as the Local Resilience Forum or procedures supported by protocols. 15 2.16. As a statutory requirement, the LRF has an important role in facilitating co-operation between the partners. Annex A takes the areas of co-operation and information-sharing identified in Table 1 and helps define the role of the LRF. It identifies the key areas Ð from risk assessment to warning and informing Ð where the LRF is likely to play a part in co-operation and further areas where it may be involved in information sharing. 14 regulation 4(4) 15 regulations 4(4)(a), 4(4)(b), 7 2.17. Annex A also looks at the areas of co-operation and information-sharing from the perspective of Category 2 responders. It identifies the areas where requests for co-operation from Category 1 responders are likely to have a major impact on Category 2 responders, though most of these are intermittent only. There are also areas where information requests can have a major impact. Co-operation with the voluntary sector 2.18. There are local responders not captured in the schedule to the Act who may also be brought in to local planning arrangements, depending on the circumstances. One 2.1. group Ð the voluntary sector - is identified in the Act 1.6 Category 1 responders are required to Òhave regard toÓ the activities of the voluntary sector