samples required for investigation and identification purposes. The decisions that come under dual jurisdiction should be recorded in the respective policy books. Once agreed, they should consult HM coroner or procurator fiscal or to authorise the samples to be taken. The lead pathologist may arrange for these samples to be taken in conjunction with the PMOC. The deceasedÕs next of kin should be kept informed in respect of any samples taken during the post-mortem process. They should be informed why the samples were taken, as well as the retention arrangements. HM coroner or procurator fiscal and the SIM should discuss and agree the most appropriate way for the family to be informed. This will be either by the FLO or HM coroner or procurator fiscalÕs officer. Aftercare of the deceased After the identification examination process, deceased persons and human remains are stored in a new body bag with the same label details. Using colour-coded bags at this stage may assist the system for storing the deceased. Viewing the deceased The MFCG should consider the options for the family and/or bereaved to view the deceased. This should take place at either: a funeral directorÕs premises after the deceased person or human remains have been released by HM coroner or procurator fiscal a designated family viewing area at a location separate from a main emergency mortuary The mortuary management team should consider the privacy, confidentiality and dignity of the deceased and their family. If the bereaved wish to view, this process should be facilitated and will normally take place once formal identification has been confirmed. Each case will be unique, and it should be carefully explained to the bereaved that it may be necessary for investigators to put special arrangements in place. Viewing arrangements Where viewing arrangements are available, HM coroner or procurator fiscalÕs office will give the next of kin information on arrangements for viewing the body as soon as possible, if they wish to do so. In all cases, HM coroner or procurator fiscalÕs office will advise the next of kin or their representative of the procedure for viewing the body, the family and/or bereaved should be briefed by an FLC or FLO on mortuary and viewing procedures. The PMOC will maintain a log of all visitors and will ensure that suitable arrangements are in place for any visitors to the facility, including crime scene log protocols. All visits should comply with health and safety and risk management advice and guidance. Releasing the deceased HM coroner or procurator fiscal will authorise the release of the deceased to their family and complete the appropriate documentation. Assumptions should not be made about the identification of a family. Difficulty may arise where the deceased has been estranged from the whole or part of their family prior to their death or may have relationships with people who are unknown to other members of the family. Where a situation exists that the deceased personÕs family cannot be reconciled in order to be assisted by one