sectors and size of business are using the website: http://www.nonverba.com/admin/ cardiff/welcome.htm EVAC Warden training Ð The training is aimed at any business irrespective of their size or sector. It covers risks specific to Cardiff, how the scheme works and the importance of business continuity, signposting businesses to the promotion website for advice and guidance. Businesses also have the ability of booking their staff on to EVAC warden training via the promotion website. Cardiff has developed its own Area Risk Register which is published on the website. The register has been developed by a multi-agency group and also co-opting specific sector specialists to ensure that the register reflects CardiffÕs issues and also to cross reference current plans are adequate enough. The Council managed to negotiate the site development as part of a deal it brokered for internal business continuity software. The only small costs incurred are when updates are required but these very small. Using technology also reduces the amount of officer time as businesses can `help themselves` to whatever resources they choose to use from the website. E-mail has been used to send promotional information to businesses in Cardiff by tapping in to distribution lists from the CouncilÕs economic development department which has proven to be an effective and free way of raising awareness of the website. The strength of the brand locally has made it easier for Cardiff to get buy in from local businesses. The initiative is supported by all the emergency services and this has enhanced the CouncilÕs relationship with partners and in particular the business community. Reaching every business in Cardiff is a challenge and indeed not all businesses have access to the internet in order to benefit from the resources on the website. SMEs are more difficult to engage for a variety of reasons but the Council is always looking to `piggy back` onto other local initiatives as an opportunity to promote the key messages. Contact: Cardiff Emergency Management Unit Tel: 02920 871838 email: emergencymanagement@cardiff.gov.uk Case Study 5 Ð Manchester City Council ManchesterÕs partnership approach to delivering Business Continuity Advice and Assistance Manchester City Council delivers its business continuity advice and assistance programme via the Manchester Business Continuity Forum (MBCF), which has a membership or nearly 400 organisations. The Council has provided resources (staffing and financial) to support the MBCFÕs work programme. It remains an equal partner with the other MBCF member organisations. The MBCF is increasing the resilience of Manchester based organisations, through cross-sector collaboration and partnership working. It aims to: o improve the resilience of ManchesterÕs communities, businesses and voluntary organisations; encouraging them to respond effectively to internal or external threats of disruption, thereby lessening the economic and social impact of emergencies and speeding up the subsequent recovery; and o contribute to ManchesterÕs prominence as a leading economic hub by showcasing its ongoing commitment to building safe, sustainable and resilient communities by continually increasing the resilience of the city. MBCF has a number of notable features: o activities and priorities for the MBCF