independent lead team was established consisting of, and chaired by, voluntary representatives from local businesses. The MKBRF was established to promote the benefits of effective business continuity by: o providing information and advice; o sharing experiences between members; o holding business continuity and incident management exercises; o sharing threat and opportunity data (horizon scanning); o provide informal mentoring; o create a networking opportunity for local organisations and BC practitioners; and, o providing mutual help and support. Currently the membership of the MKBRF stands at over 300 local organisations, predominantly from the Milton Keynes area, but several from further afield. There is also an active LinkedIn forum which does not require MKBRF registration. In addition to developing and facilitating events, Milton Keynes Council, in conjunction with the MKBRF, provides a website BC toolkit and an informal mentoring scheme. The website receives on average 1500 hits per month. Analysis of feedback received following exercises and events, as well as key topics of the moment and market research carried out by the MKBRF lead team during 2010, drive the requirement for the next event. Attendees are also asked to suggest topics for future activities which ensures that the needs of the audience are consistently met. All events have been free of charge. Milton Keynes Council has been supportive of all events and gained sponsorship from businesses based in Milton Keynes to assist with the costs. Timeline of events The most difficult hurdle to overcome is getting organisations to consider business continuity. Part of the County CouncilÕs strategy is not to promote business continuity using Ôscare tacticsÕ but rather promote the benefits of practical and effective contingency planning. The County Council believes that good business continuity is good business. Furthermore, the County Council accepts that not everyone would be interested in, or understand, the relevance of BS25999 to their organisation, so decided against promoting the standard in its entirety. We do, however, actively promote its methodology and the benefits of adopting the Standard as good practice. As an organisationÕs business continuity programme matures, with minimal effort it will become more aligned with the standard. The CouncilÕs initial approach to promoting business continuity was linked into the embedded procurement and supply-chain processes. This enabled us to prioritise and assess the levels of resilience in place for key suppliers/providers and, if necessary, provide them with guidance, support and assistance so that they were able to meet the CouncilÕs supplier requirements in terms of business continuity practice. Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland (LLR) have an active, Local Resilience Forum (LRF). In early 2010, the LRF established a business continuity subgroup Ð called the Business Continuity Practitioners Forum (BCF). This group, as part of its remit, aims to promote business continuity good practice across all business sectors in the LLR region. During Business Continuity Awareness week 2010, the BCF published a one-page supplement in some of the regions newspapers and their related websites which generated a substantial interest and response from the business community. The BCF and County Council