or for the renewal of an accreditation under this section; granting such an accreditation. A person authorised or required to do anything by virtue of an accreditation under this section— shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that accreditation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of his employment by the employer with whom the chief officer of police has entered into the arrangements mentioned in subsection (1); and shall be so authorised or required subject to such other restrictions and conditions (if any) as may be specified in his accreditation. An accreditation under this section, unless it is previously withdrawn or ceases to have effect in accordance with subsection (8), shall remain in force for such period as may be specified in the accreditation; but it may be renewed at any time with effect from the time when it would otherwise expire. An accreditation under this section shall cease to have effect— if the accredited person ceases to be an employee of the person with whom the chief officer of police has entered into the arrangements mentioned in subsection (1); or if those arrangements are terminated or expire. [F43041A Accreditation of weights and measures inspectors The chief officer of police of any police force may, on the making of an application for the purpose by such person and in such manner as he may require, grant accreditation under this section to a weights and measures inspector. A weights and measures inspector to whom an accreditation under this section is granted by a chief officer of police may exercise the powers conferred by the accreditation in the chief officer's police area. Schedule 5A (which sets out the powers that may be conferred on inspectors accredited under this section) shall have effect. A chief officer of police shall not grant accreditation to a weights and measures inspector under this section unless he is satisfied that— the inspector is a suitable person to exercise the powers that will be conferred on him by virtue of the accreditation; and the inspector has received adequate training for the exercise of those powers. A chief officer of police may charge such fee as he considers appropriate for one or both of the following— considering an application for or for the renewal of an accreditation under this section; Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 99 Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes granting an accreditation under this section. A weights and measures inspector authorised or required to