Security Companies (PMSCs) wishing to employ armed guards on board UK registered ships in these exceptional circumstances must be authorised to possess a range of firearms (which may include section 1 and section 2 weapons), including those requiring an authority from the Secretary of State for the Home Department under section 5 of the Firearms Act 1968 (as amended), and be able to deploy them as necessary. All PMSCs wishing to employ armed guards on UK registered ships must receive clearance via the Home Office section 5 authorisation process. • It is an offence for a person to have in his possession, purchase, acquire, manufacture, sell or transfer, or possess, purchase or acquire for sale or transfer, a weapon prohibited under section 5 of the Firearms Act 1968 without the authority of the Secretary of State. It is also an offence not to comply with any condition of the authority. Section 5 application: evidence 30.1 PMSCs should apply to the Home Office for section 5 authorisation to enable their armed guards to possess firearms on UK registered ships. In support of their application they must produce a provisional contract or letter of intent with a shipping company intending to use their services. The PMSC may also provide evidence in support of the application such as information about transits over the previous 12 months. In selecting a PMSC the shipping company must have conducted a piracy risk assessment and satisfied itself that the PMSC and its personnel are reputable and suitably qualified, based on the Guidance issued by the Department for Transport: www.dft.gov.uk/publications/use-of- armed-guards-to-defend-against-piracy. The PMSC must also ensure it is satisfied that the guards it employs are suitable and properly trained, in accordance with the Department for Transport guidance. 30.2 The shipping company is also required to submit its counter-piracy plan, which should follow the structure of Annex 1 in the DfT guidance, to the Department for Transport, including a signed statement that the Guidance has been followed. Armed guards: suitability 30.3 As a general rule, having regard to the provisions of the Firearms Act 1968 and to the potential risks of harm that exist in the armed counter-piracy maritime environment, individuals who have any previous convictions or cautions for violence, disorder or other serious criminality will not be considered as suitable to receive Home Office clearance. There may also be circumstances where other police information or locally held police records on individuals may call into doubt the applicantÕs suitability to undertake armed maritime security work. Each case will be considered on its merits. Armed guards: numbers 30.4 The number of armed guards included in the application to be approved must be consistent with the evidence provided in support of the application and in any event should not exceed 30 guards in the initial application. Applications that have been submitted without sufficient justification for the number of guards included in the application are likely to be delayed and may be refused. Only those guards who will be employed on a