dealt with in the Table or under subsections (2A) and (2B) is the period of 24 months beginning with the date of conviction.Ó (9) In subsection (4)(b) (rehabilitation period for other sentences), for Òsubsection (3)Ó substitute Òany of subsections (2A) to (3)Ó. (10) In subsection (7), in the words before paragraph (a), for ÒForÓ substitute ÒSubject to subsection (7A), forÓ. (11) After subsection (7) insertÑ Ò(7A) Subsection (7)(a) or (b) does not apply for the purposes of determining whether a sentence is excluded from rehabilitation by virtue of subsection (1) (b). (7B) For the purposes of this section, a sentence imposed as mentioned in subsection (7)(f) for an offenceÑ (a) under the law of Scotland, Northern Ireland or a country or territory outside the United Kingdom, and (b) which would have constituted an offence specified in Schedule 18 to the Sentencing Code if it had been committed in England and Wales, is to be treated as a sentence for an offence specified in that Schedule (and for this purpose an act punishable under the law in force in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom constitutes an offence under that law, however it is described in that law).Ó (12) In subsection (8) (interpretation), in the definition of Òrelevant orderÓÑ (a) before paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(za) a community or youth rehabilitation order,Ó, and (b) for paragraph (g) substituteÑ Ò(g) any order whichÑ (i) imposes a disqualification, disability, prohibition, penalty, requirement or restriction, or (ii) is otherwise intended to regulate the behaviour of the person convicted, and is not otherwise dealt with in the Table,Ó. (13) In section 6(5) (the rehabilitation period applicable to a conviction), for the words from Òby virtue ofÓ to Òor other penaltyÓ substitute Òto an order within paragraph (g) of the definition of Òrelevant orderÓ in section 5(8) aboveÓ. (14) In section 7(1)(d) (limitations on rehabilitation under the Act), for Òor other penaltyÓ substitute Ò, penalty, requirement, restriction or other regulation of the personÕs behaviourÓ. (15) In paragraph 5(b) of Schedule 2 (protection for spent cautions), after ÒprohibitionÓ insert Ò, requirementÓ. (16) This section applies in relation to convictions before the day on which this section comes into force (Òthe commencement dayÓ) as well as in relation to convictions on or after that day. (1) 246 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 12 Ð Disregards and pardons for certain historical offences CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (17) The Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Òthe 1974 ActÓ) applies in relation to convictions before the