free of charge, from the Home Office storage and distribution centre. To order: email homeoffice@prolog.co.uk Brook Traffic Light Tool (www.brook.org.uk/traffic-lights) is a Department for Education funded online resource to help professionals who work with children and young people to identify, assess and respond appropriately to sexual behaviours. The tool enables professionals across different agencies to work to the same criteria when making decisions, to protect children and young people with a unified approach. This is Abuse (http://thisisabuse.direct.gov.uk) is a Home Office campaign that challenges young peopleÕs acceptance of sexual and relationship abuse, encouraging victims to seek help and perpetrators to change their behaviour. The campaign includes a number of powerful videos aimed at young people. Materials are available for teachers from: www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_ data/file/97773/teen-abuse-toolkit.pdf or by emailing VAWGCampaign@homeofice.gsi.gov.uk. ÔSextingÕ in schools: advice and support around self- generated images provides practical advice about how schools should respond to a ÔsextingÕ incident, including how to support a child whose image has been shared and whether or not devices can be searched. Available at: www.securus-software.com/ Downloadable Content/sexting.zip. Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre (CEOP) Think You Know. Available at: www.thinkuknow.co.uk/Teachers and www.thinkuknow.co.uk/backtoschool CEOP provides training and education resources to use with children and young people to increase their (and their parentÕs) understanding of online safety, including sexting and cyber-bullying. Ending Violence Against Women Coalition Resources for preventing violence against women and girls in schools. Available at: www.endviolenceagainstwomen.org.uk/resources-for- preventing-vawg-in-schools. A list of resources and examples of work in schools to tackle domestic abuse, sexual abuse and honour-based violence. NSPCC Available at www.nspcc.org.uk. The NSPCC has expanded their helpline to provide advice to parents or other adults worried about a young person at risk of gang involvement. www.nspcc.org.uk/ fighting-for-childhood/news-opinion/gangs-helpline-service- launches/ Fearless Available at www.fearless.org. A website where young people can access non-judgemental information and advice about crime and criminality. The site also provides a safe place to give information anonymously about crime. Key questions to ask Be confident if... Be wary if... 1) What is the There is a clear link The way that benefits programme specifically between what is will be achieved is trying to achieve? being done and what unclear, or seems far- outcomes are expected/ fetched. claimed. 2) How is ÔsuccessÕ Objective outcome Improvements are measured? measures are used, presented Ôas factÕ looking specifically with no supporting at the targeted group evidence, or do not or characteristics seem relevant to the (for example, age, group or characteristics gender, specific of interest. Outcome behavioural issues). measures are perception-based, and may not reflect the real situation. 3) Who has the The sample of The report seems to programme helped? individuals who feature Õcherry-pickÕ people to in the report seem look at, or there is a representative of the good reason to believe total group of interest. that the people in the report may show more benefit than others. 4) Is any change A comparison group Analysis only looks seen really due to the has been identified, at before-programme programme? so an analysis can be versus