subsection which relates to qualification for appointment as a constable or as a special constable or for membership of, or for particular ranks, offices or positions withÑ (a) any force or constabulary; F513... [F514(aa) the Police Service of Scotland; or] (b) the Police Service of Northern Ireland or the Police Service of Northern Ireland Reserve; F515. . . (c) F515. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3) Provision falls within this subsection if it isÑ (a) provision made by regulations made under section 50 or 51 of the 1996 Act (regulations for police constables and for special constables); (b) provision made by regulations made under [F516section 48 of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012 (governance and administration of police)]; (c) provision made under section 25 or 26 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (c. 32) (regulations for police constables and for the constables in the Police Service of Northern Ireland Reserve); [F517and] (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 6 Ð Miscellaneous Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 133 (d) F518. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (e) provision given effect to by any arrangements made for the purpose of regulating appointment to membership of the British Transport Police Force, [F519or the Civil Nuclear Constabulary], or to particular ranks or positions with that Force or Constabulary. (4) Without prejudice to the generality of any power conferred apart from this section, the provision falling within subsection (3) that may be made by any such regulations, terms and conditions or arrangements as are mentioned in that subsection may include provision imposing any of the following requirementsÑ (a) requirements with respect to the competence in written and spoken English of candidates for appointment; (b) requirements with respect to the immigration status of such candidates; (c) requirements with respect to nationality in the case of particular ranks, offices or positions; and, in a case where the power to make provision with respect to qualification for appointment as a constable or as a special constable, or for membership of a force [F520or Service] , is exercisable by any such regulations as are mentioned in that subsection, the regulations made must impose requirements with respect to all the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) and