. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “relevant force”, in relation to the appropriate authority, means— [F354if that authority is a local policing body, the police force which the body is responsible for maintaining; and] if that authority is the chief officer of police of a police force, his force; F355. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “serious injury” means a fracture, a deep cut, a deep laceration or an injury causing damage to an internal organ or the impairment of any bodily function; “serving with the police”, in relation to any person, shall be construed in accordance with section [F35612(7) to (10)] . [F357(1A) In this Part “the relevant officer”, in relation to a DSI matter, means the person serving with the police (within the meaning of section [F35812(7) to (10)] )— who arrested the person who has died or suffered serious injury, in whose custody that person was at the time of the death or serious injury, or with whom that person had the contact in question; and where there is more than one such person it means, subject to subsection (1B), the one who so dealt with him last before the death or serious injury occurred. (1B) Where it cannot be determined which of two or more persons serving with the police dealt with a person last before a death or serious injury occurred, the relevant officer is the most senior of them.] References in this Part, in relation to anything which is or purports to be a complaint, to the complainant are references— [F359(a) to the person by whom the complaint or purported complaint was made, or (b) in a case where the complaint or purported complaint was made on behalf of someone else, to the person on whose behalf it was made;] but where any person is acting on another’s behalf for the purposes of any complaint or purported complaint, anything that is to be or may be done under this Part by or in relation to the complainant may be done, instead, by or in relation to the person acting on the complainant’s behalf. Subject to subsection (4), references in this Part, in relation to any conduct or anything purporting to be a complaint about any conduct, to