(a)(i) to (iii) which is specified or described in, or approved in accordance with, the regulations; provision prohibiting all police forces in England and Wales from using equipment of a type approved as mentioned in paragraph (a)(iii) except— where the conditions subject to which the approval was given are satisfied; and in accordance with the other terms of that approval; provision requiring equipment used by police forces in England and Wales to comply, in the case of all police forces, with such conditions as may be specified in the regulations, or as may be approved by the Secretary of State in accordance with the regulations; provision prohibiting all police forces in England and Wales from using equipment specified in the regulations, or any equipment of a description so specified. (1B) The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under subsection (1A) unless he considers it necessary to do so for the purpose of promoting the Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 7 Part 1 – Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes efficiency and effectiveness generally of the police forces maintained for police areas in England and Wales. (2) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and such other persons as he thinks fit. (2A) Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. (2B) A statutory instrument containing any regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (2C) In this section “equipment” includes— vehicles; and headgear and protective and other clothing.” Regulation of procedures and practices After section 53 of the 1996 Act there shall be inserted— “53A Regulation of procedures and practices The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision requiring all police forces in England and Wales— to adopt particular procedures or practices; or to adopt procedures or practices of a particular description. Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall seek advice from— the chief inspector of constabulary; and the Central Police Training and Development Authority. Before seeking advice under subsection (2) the Secretary of State shall consult about his proposal to do so with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; and persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police. A request for the purposes of subsection (2) may specify