contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F27021A Restriction on disclosure of sensitive information (1) Where the [F271Director General] receives information within subsection (3), the [F271Director General] must not disclose (whether under section 11, 20 or 21 or otherwise) the information, or the fact that it has been received, unless the relevant authority consents to the disclosure. (2) Where a person appointed under paragraph 18 of Schedule 3 to investigate a complaint or matter (a Òparagraph 18 investigatorÓ) receives information within subsection (3), the paragraph 18 investigator must not disclose the information, or the fact that it has been received, to any person other than the [F271Director General] unless the relevant authority consents to the disclosure. (3) The information isÑ (a) intelligence service information; (b) protected information relating to a relevant warrant; (c) information obtained from a government department which, at the time it is provided to the [F271Director General] or the paragraph 18 investigator, is identified by the department as information the disclosure of which may, in the opinion of the relevant authorityÑ (i) cause damage to national security, international relations or the economic interests of the United Kingdom or any part of the United Kingdom, or (ii) jeopardise the safety of any person. (4) Where the [F271Director General] or a paragraph 18 investigator discloses to another person information within subsection (3), or the fact that the [F271Director General] or the paragraph 18 investigator has received it, the other person must not disclose that information or that fact unless the relevant authority consents to the disclosure. (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 49 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) In this sectionÑ Ògovernment departmentÓ means a department of Her Majesty's Government but does not includeÑ (a) the Security Service, (b) the Secret Intelligence Service, or (c) the Government Communications Headquarters (ÒGCHQÓ); Òintelligence service informationÓ means information that was obtained (directly or indirectly) from or that relates toÑ (a) the Security Service, (b) the Secret Intelligence Service, (c) GCHQ, or (d) any part of Her Majesty's forces, or of the Ministry of Defence, which engages in intelligence activities; ÒMinister of the CrownÓ includes the Treasury; Òparagraph 18 investigatorÓ has the meaning given by subsection