charged will depend on the type of application made, for example whether it is an application for a club requiring Home Office approval for the first time or an existing club applying to renew or vary its approval. For further details regarding the different types of application and the fees they will incur, see the Home Office circular on Firearms Fees Regulations 2019 (https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment _data/file/892823/Fees_Circular.pdf). Criteria for approval Clubs will not be granted approval unless they meet the criteria set out below. These criteria translate into conditions of the approval, if granted. Approved clubs which fail to meet these conditions can expect approval to be withdrawn. The criteria as set out below should be observed: . the club is a genuine target shooting club with a written constitution (see note 2) . the principal officers of the club are responsible people who can be entrusted with the proper administration of the club (see notes 3 and 4) . the club has at least 10 members at the time of application and at all times whilst approved unless, exceptionally, the Secretary of State or Scottish Government determines that there are special circumstances which justify a lesser number . members are of good character (also see notes 3 and 4) . the club must appoint a member to act as a liaison officer with the police, and the chief officer of police must have confidence that this person is providing the police with such information as they require to ensure that the activities of the club and its members are conducted properly and safely in accordance with the criteria and give no cause for concern (see Annex A to this guidance and notes 1 and 5 below) . the club will maintain a register of the attendance of all members together with details for each visit of the firearms which they used (see note 6) . the club will inform the police of any person, other than a guest member, who has ceased to be a member for whatever reason (see notes 1 and 7) . the club will inform the police of any member, other than a guest member, who has not shot with the club for a period of 12 months (see notes 1 and 7) . the club will inform the police of any application for membership, giving the applicantÕs full name and address, date and place of birth, and the date on which they become a full member (see notes 1 and 8) . no application for full or probationary membership will be granted unless the applicant has informed the club of whether he or she has ever had an application for a firearm or shotgun certificate refused by the police, or had a certificate revoked (see note 9) . members, prospective members and guest members must sign a declaration that they are not prohibited from possessing a firearm or ammunition by virtue of section 21 of the Firearms Act 1968 (which applies to persons who have served