applies to an authority, the cumulative effect of complying with duties under this section must be taken into account. (9) Subsection (7) or (8) does not apply in relation to the duty of a relevant authority to collaborate with a specified authority under subsection (3) to the extent that it relates toÑ (a) the exercise by the specified authority of its function under subsection (3)(a) or (b) of section 8 of identifying the kinds or causes of serious violence in an area or its function of preparing a strategy under subsection (3)(c) of that section, or (b) the exercise by the specified authority of its function under subsection (3)(a) or (b) of section 9 of identifying the kinds or causes of serious violence in an area or its function of preparing a strategy under subsection (3)(c) of that section. (10) This section does not affect any power to collaborate apart from this section. (11) In this section ÒenactmentÓ includesÑ (a) an enactment comprised in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978, and (b) an enactment comprised in, or in an instrument made under, a Measure or Act of Senedd Cymru. 22 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 16 Disclosure of information (1) A person listed in subsection (2) may disclose information that it holds for the purposes of its functions to another person listed in that subsection for the purposes of the exercise by the other person of its functions under or in accordance with this Chapter. (2) Those persons areÑ (a) a specified authority; (b) a local policing body; (c) an educational authority; (d) a prison authority; (e) a youth custody authority. (3) A disclosure of information authorised by this section does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (4) But this section does not authoriseÑ (a) the disclosure of patient information, (b) the disclosure of personal information by a specified authority which is a health or social care authority, (c) a disclosure of information that would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, the power conferred by this section is to be taken into account), or (d) a disclosure of information that is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers