not override existing ones. It will be important to ensure that plans made by Category 1 responders do not duplicate existing arrangements. Category 1 responders may choose to cover in their communications planning the potential for an emergency to spread beyond the scope of individual site plans produced under the Control of Major Accident Hazards Regulations, Radiation (Emergency Preparation and Public Information) Regulations or pipeline regimes, but this is not an explicit requirement of the Act. 7.1. 7.86. Consistency of message is important in an emergency situation and Category 1 responders should have regard to the early advice and information relayed to the public by Category 2 responders and site owners/operators. Category 1 responders should seek to enhance this communication. 7.87. Category 1 responders should consider the options available in detail as part of the planning process to ensure that they have an adequate range of methods at their disposal. No single system will be the solution to all situations or achieve a wholly resilient alerting capability. A variety of methods will always be necessary to capture the largest proportion of the target audience. Differentinformationsourcesappealtodifferentdemographicgroups. Anindividual who receives multiple but consistent messages is likely to respond favourably. Overlapping methods help to ensure a higher level of successful access to the targeted population. 7.88. Alerting systems also need to be resilient. Much can be achieved through trusted stakeholders and low-technology solutions. Indeed, these may be the most resilient to disruption to telecommunications and power. Using trusted stakeholders (such as building managers to communicate with their tenants) allows the public to receive messages from a known (and possibly more trusted) source. 7.1. 7.89. The need for back-up staff and equipment, and the risk of warning arrangements being disrupted by the emergency itself, should all be considered in business continuity management plans. Types of warning method Possible public warning methods Capability o Mobilising officers to go round on foot and knock on doors generic o From car or helicopter, by loudhailer or other amplified means generic o National and local media (TV, radio, online) generic or specific o Social Media generic or specific generic or specific o Electronic/variable message boards, e.g. at the roadside or on motorways generic or specific generic or specific o Variable message signs (some authorities have protocols in place to utilise these in emergencies) specific o Direct radio broadcasts to shipping (in maritime incidents) generic or specific o PA announcements in public buildings, shopping centres, sports venues, transport systems generic or o Automated telephone/fax/e-mail/ text messages to subscribers specific o Site sirens specific Helplines and public inquiry points 7.90. The information delivery methods discussed so far have been based upon the Category 1 respondersÕ decision about what information needs to be provided. However the public are likely to have all sorts of queries and perhaps offers, to direct towards the responder bodies. Responders should plan how to make best use of helplines and public inquiry points (which may be telephone, e-mail or SMS based, or multimedia) in any emergency.