representative of the vacant lot neighborhoods. Building efforts on these undeveloped and underutilized lots will be concentrated on affordable housing initiatives. Single-family homeowners will also be incentivized to subdivide or build onto their property through counseling the city will provide and generous tax credits for every extraneous unit added onto a respective parcel. Policy Analysis In a city with such a complicated public-private property market, this policy could face considerable challenges from varying actors. Private property owners could object significantly against the mandatory property tax on vacant lots. Residents against neighborhood development could also push back against any initiatives to redevelop vacant lots into residences rather than repurposing vacant lots for other forms of community good. Architecture firms might also face difficulty trying to build homes on vacant lots because some of the remaining vacant lots in New York City have unique dimensions. At the same time, residents in more economically depressed New York City neighborhoods (where more vacant and underutilized lots tend to be) would benefit from new stocks of housing. Vacant lot repurposing fits into the broader land use category of brownfield revitalization. Brownfields are areas of land that are currently fallow due to previous industrial activity. The revitalization of brownfields has a storied history in the Northeastern United States. Specifically in New Jersey, a state with a long industrial past, hundreds of brownfield sites have been revitalized for new residential and commercial uses. The Hovnanian Building Company has even specialized in turning New Jersey’s brownfield zones into affordable and luxury housing units for four decades.7 The Hovnanian company’s success story should show that brownfield revitalization is a viable and scalable way of creating new housing. Highlights New York City’s housing market is one of the most expensive and congested in the world.1 At the same time, thousands of lots in New York City are laying fallow or being underutilized.3,4 This policy proposal aims to develop the existing undeveloped and underutilized lots in public possession and put pressure on private landowners to develop these lots through the implementation of a specialized 5% property tax on undeveloped and underutilized lots; building efforts will be concentrated on constructing affordable housing. In addition, single-family homeowners in New York City will be incentivized to subdivide or add to their lots through generous tax credits and free counseling from the city. Implementation This policy proposal has an exclusive focus on New York City, and as such will only need to be passed on the citywide level. This policy proposal will be proposed to the New York City Council. There might be potential pushback from certain council districts with higher- income residents due to this policy focusing on constructing affordable housing. Recently, within New York City, there has been fierce local opposition to the construction of affordable housing within wealthy neighborhoods, as evidenced by recent disputes in Windsor Terrace.8 However, with effective advertising of the policy proposal’s extremely pertinent benefits of increased housing availability and decreased property prices to New York City’s Council Members,