this paragraph before calling upon a chief constable to retire or resign under section 38. 1 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 207 (2) The police and crime commissioner must give the chief constable a written explanation of the reasons why the commissioner is proposing to call for the retirement or resignation. (3) The police and crime commissioner must give the relevant police and crime panelÑ (a) written notification that the commissioner is proposing to call upon the chief constable to retire or resign; and (b) a copy of the reasons given to the chief constable in accordance with sub- paragraph (1). (4) The police and crime commissioner must give the chief constable the opportunity to make written representations about the proposal to call for the chief constable's resignation or retirement. (5) The police and crime commissioner mustÑ (a) consider any written representations made by the chief constable; and (b) give the relevant police and crime panel a copy of any such representations made by the chief constable, as soon as practicable after the commissioner is given them. Removal: further notification 14 (1) A police and crime commissioner must comply with this paragraph if, after complying with paragraph 13, the police and crime commissioner is still proposing to call upon the chief constable to retire or resign under section 38. (2) The police and crime commissioner must notifyÑ (a) the chief constable, and (b) the relevant police and crime panel, that the commissioner is still proposing to call upon the chief constable to retire or resign. Removal: role of panel 15 (1) This paragraph applies if a police and crime panel is given a notification under paragraph 14. (2) The panel must make a recommendation to the police and crime commissioner as to whether or not the commissioner should call for the retirement or resignation. (3) The recommendation must be given to the police and crime commissioner in writing before the end of the period of six weeks beginning with the day on which the panel receives the notification under paragraph 14. (2) 208 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) Before making the recommendation, the panelÑ (a) may consult the chief inspector of constabulary, and (b) must hold a scrutiny hearing. (5) The panel must publish the recommendation made under this paragraph. (6) It is for the panel to determine the manner in