substitute Òperson in respect of whom the order is soughtÓ. (5) In section 100 (interim notification orders)Ñ (a) in subsection (2)Ñ (i) in paragraph (a), omit Òthe complaint containingÓ, and (ii) in paragraph (b), for Òby complaint to the court to which that application has been madeÓ substitute Òby further application to the sheriff to whom the main application has been madeÓ, (b) in subsection (5)Ñ (i) in paragraph (a), for ÒdefendantÓ substitute Òperson in respect of whom the order has effectÓ, and (ii) in paragraph (b), for ÒdefendantÓ substitute ÒpersonÓ, (c) in subsection (7)Ñ (i) for ÒdefendantÓ substitute Òperson in respect of whom the order has effectÓ, and (ii) for ÒcomplaintÓ substitute ÒapplicationÓ, and (d) after subsection (7) insertÑ Ò(7A) A record of evidence must be kept on any application for an order under this section. (7B) The clerk of the court by which an interim notification order is made, varied, renewed or discharged under this section must cause a copy of, as the case may beÑ (a) the order as so made, varied or renewed, or (b) the interlocutor by which discharge is effected, to be given to the person named in the order or to be sent to the person in accordance with subsection (7C). (7C) A copy of the order may be sent to the person named in the orderÑ (a) by registered post, or (a) 198 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) by the recorded delivery service, and where a copy of the order is so sent to the person, an acknowledgement or certificate of delivery issued by the Post Office is sufficient evidence of the delivery of the copy on the day specified in the acknowledgement or certificate.Ó (6) Omit sections 101 (notification orders and interim notification orders: appeals in England and Wales) and 103 (sections 97 to 100: Scotland). Sexual harm prevention orders and sexual risk orders 171 Applications by British Transport Police and Ministry of Defence Police (1) The Sexual Offences Act 2003 is amended as follows. (2) Section 103A (sexual harm prevention orders: applications and grounds) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (6). (3) In subsection (4), for the words before paragraph (a) substitute ÒA person mentioned in subsection (4A) (Òthe applicantÓ) may by complaint to a magistratesÕ court apply for a sexual harm prevention order in respect of a person if it appears to the applicant thatÑÓ. (4) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A)