under subsection (1) above shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. In this section— references to any interview are references to an interview of a person suspected of a criminal offence; and references to a visual recording include references to a visual recording in which an audio recording is comprised.” In section 67(2) of the 1984 Act (procedure for codes of practice under section 60 or 66), after “60” there shall be inserted “ , 60A ”. Codes of practice In section 67 of the 1984 Act (procedure in relation to a code of practice under section 60, 60A or 66), after subsection (7) there shall be inserted— “(7A) Subject to subsection (7B) below, the Secretary of State may by order provide that a code of practice for the time being in force is to be treated as having effect with such modifications as may be set out in the order. (7B) The effect of the modifications made by an order under subsection (7A) above must be confined to one or more of the following— the effect of the code in relation to such area of England and Wales as may be specified in the order; the effect of the code during such period, not exceeding two years, as may be so specified; the effect of the order in relation to such offences or descriptions of offender as may be so specified. (7C) An order under subsection (7A) above shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” Fingerprints and samples Taking fingerprints In section 27 of the 1984 Act (requirement to attend police station for fingerprinting), after subsection (1) there shall be inserted— “(1A) Where a person convicted of a recordable offence has already had his fingerprints taken as mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) above, that fact (together with any time when he has been in police detention for the offence) shall be disregarded for the purposes of that subsection if— 72 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the fingerprints taken on the previous occasion do not constitute a complete set of his fingerprints; or some or all of the fingerprints taken on the previous occasion are not of sufficient quality to allow satisfactory analysis, comparison or matching. (1B) Subsections (1) and (1A) above apply— where a person has been