emerging algorithmic pricing practices, enforcing the data disclosure standards outlined in prong two of this policy, and providing an accessible reporting system for consumers affected by discriminatory pricing practices. Given the upcoming administration’s focus on deregulation and reducing expenditures, the FTC may need to first begin with voluntary partnerships and industry collaboration, gradually expanding enforcement as market conditions and administrative interest evolve. The second stage of this proposal is the development of a standardized data disclosure framework for corporations using algorithmic personalized pricing models. To achieve this, the FTC must first complete its ongoing probe into surveillance pricing practices. Without a deeper understanding of the current landscape of algorithmic pricing models the FTC risks hampering market competition, with a 2018 joint report between the DOJ and the FTC finding that equitable personalized pricing models enhance market competition, efficiency, and welfare.12 An additional intermediate step to help determine effective requirements would be a period of public comment, inviting feedback from consumer advocacy groups, algorithmic justice experts, and industry representatives. Finally, before fully implementing the data disclosure requirements, the FTC should provide a grace period for companies to prepare; hasty implementation could put a massive strain on businesses, particularly smaller organizations without dedicated privacy teams. Given surveyed costs of GDPR compliance ranging from $1.7 million for small to medium-sized businesses and up to $70 million for larger corporations, immediate implementation of this data framework would have major economic impacts.13 The third prong, the third- party auditing and certification program, involves developing a transparent auditing process to certify organizational adherence to the new data disclosure requirements outlined in the second prong. Mirroring existing FDA third-party certification programs, where the FDA officially recognizes accreditation bodies, the FTC would offload enforcement and investigative responsibilities, thereby reducing additional strain on the agency.14 To ensure the efficacy of these policy changes, the FTC should engage in a targeted communications campaign to ensure consumers are aware of their rights. Additionally, the FTC should provide guidance documents and host workshops to assist businesses in complying with new data disclosure requirements, particularly smaller to mid-range companies that may experience financial difficulty. These three prongs will likely succeed under the Trump administration, with incoming FTC Chair Andrew Ferguson having already expressed support for increased scrutiny of surveillance pricing methods.15 By implementing this policy, the FTC will set a global precedent for responsible algorithmic pricing, ensuring consumer rights are safeguarded in the evolving digital economy. Works Cited Federal Trade Commission. “FTC Issues Orders to Eight Companies Seeking Information on Surveillance Pricing.” Federal Trade Commission, July 23, 2024. https://www.ftc.gov/news- events/news/press- releases/2024/07/ftc-issues-orders- eight-companies-seeking- information-surveillance-pricing. Wallheimer, Brian. “Are You Ready for Personalized Pricing?” The University of Chicago Booth School of Business, February 26, 2018. https://www.chicagobooth.edu/revie w/are-you-ready-personalized- pricing. Elmachtoub, Adam N., Vishal Gupta, and Michael L. Hamilton. “The Value of Personalized Pricing.” Management Science 67, no. 10 (April 5, 2021). https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2020.3 821. Mozilla, and Consumers International. A Consumer Investigation into Personalised Pricing, n.d. https://www.consumersinternational .org/media/369070/personalized_pri cing.pdf. Federal Trade Commission. “Division of Privacy and Identity Protection.” Federal