which, they were seen on the body. The item may be removed for checking. A detailed record of the information given, as well as the location of the item, should be made in the disaster victim recovery form scene notes section. These items should be recovered with the deceased, placed in a clear property bag and physically attached to the deceased in the same body. A photographic record of the process should be made. This information will be used by the casualty bureau (CB) to apply the correct grading to a missing person record. Where possible identity is established, it is likely that a family liaison officer (FLO) will be allocated to the family of the deceased to begin antemortem procedures. Retrieving evidence Retrieving evidence is usually the SIOÕs responsibility. The SIO and SIM should agree on a protocol for retrieving evidence. The protocol should include when evidence recovery will be carried out in relation to retrieving deceased persons, human remains and recovering personal property. Separate documentation and audit trails are required for retrieving evidence, and the SIO or SIM should appoint dedicated exhibits officers. Technical property agencies such as the HSE, AAIB, MAIB or Ministry of Defence. Antemortem procedures In the context of DVI, antemortem refers to the processes that relate to identifying the victim prior to death. This includes collecting and analysing material or property. Antemortem procedures also refer to processes associated with survivors and managing missing person reporting. Antemortem team This team will be appointed by the SIM and be constituted according to the scale and specific requirements of the incident. It will: input information from the yellow antemortem forms onto the chosen technological solution (the internationally recognised Plassdata if being used) after being quality assured by the family liaison coordinator (FLC) or antemortem coordinator (AMC) prepare a list of missing persons believed to have been involved in the disaster obtain evidence of the likelihood that the missing persons were involved create a database of antemortem procedures evidence for comparison with that from the post-mortem procedures documentation (for assessment by the identification commission) provide a single point of contact for the FLC and FLO and provide appropriate assistance to them. Antemortem coordinator The antemortem coordinator (AMC) works with the appointed FLC. They manage tasking FLOs and crime scene investigators to collect suitable comparative samples. These samples are used for analysis and comparison during antemortem procedures. The AMC is responsible for compiling data in respect of each person reported missing and believed to have been involved in the incident. This includes people not yet accounted for or not yet identified as deceased. They are also responsible for the quality of the data. This data is compared with all available data collected from post- mortem procedures to provide identification during the reconciliation process. The AMCÔs responsibilities can be undertaken by the FLC or CB manager working directly to the SIM. In the event of a large-scale incident, consideration should be given to appointing a deputy SIM to oversee this