Secretary General of the Council of Europe. ARTICLE 7 Entry into force 1. This Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the expiration of a period of three months after the date on which ten member States of the Council of Europe have expressed their consent to be bound by the Protocol in accordance with the provisions of Article 6. 2. In respect of any member State which subsequently expresses its consent to be bound by it, the Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the expiration of a period of three months after the date of the deposit of the instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval. ARTICLE 8 Depositary functions The Secretary General of the Council of Europe shall notify all the member States of the Council of Europe of: (a) any signature; (b) the deposit of any instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval; (c) any date of entry into force of this Protocol in accordance with Articles 4 and 7; (d) any other act, notification or communication relating to this Protocol. In witness whereof the undersigned, being duly authorised thereto, have signed this Protocol. Done aT vilnius, This 3rD Day of may 2002, in English and in French, both texts being equally authentic, in a single copy which shall be deposited in the archives of the Council of Europe. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe shall transmit certified copies to each member State of the Council of Europe. Protocol No. 16 to the Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms Strasbourg, 2.X.2013 The member sTaTes of The council of euroPe anD oTher hiGh conTracTinG ParTies To The convenTion for The ProTecTion of human riGhTs anD funDamenTal freeDoms, signed at Rome on 4 November 1950 (hereinafter referred to as Òthe ConventionÓ), signatories hereto, Having regard to the provisions of the Convention and, in particular, Article 19 establishing the European Court of Human Rights (hereinafter referred to as Òthe CourtÓ); Considering that the extension of the CourtÕs competence to give advisory opinions will further enhance the interaction between the Court and national authorities and thereby reinforce implementation of the Convention, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity; Having regard to Opinion No. 285 (2013) adopted by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe on 28 June 2013, Have agreed as follows: ARTICLE 1 1. Highest courts and tribunals of a High Contracting Party, as specified in accordance with Article 10, may request the Court to give advisory opinions on questions of principle relating to the interpretation or application of the rights and freedoms defined in the Convention or the protocols thereto. 2. The requesting court or tribunal may seek an advisory opinion only in the context of a case pending before it. 3. The requesting court or tribunal shall give reasons for its request and shall provide the relevant legal and factual background of the pending case. ARTICLE 2 1. A panel