ammunition) from a ship or hovercraft for any purpose specified in the permit (for example, for repair or servicing, sale, breaking up, return to store, or removal to another ship or hovercraft). It may also authorise the removal of a firearm to a ship or hovercraft (for example after repair or from store). The place to or from which the firearm is to be removed should be specified in the permit. Without such a permit, it is an offence to bring a firearm ashore even for repair. There is no legal definition for what constitutes a ÒshipÓ, and in the absence of a Court ruling, it is generally taken to mean a vessel designed as ocean-going rather than one designed to travel on inland waterways. 14.7 The permit should only be issued to the owner or charterer of the ship or hovercraft, the owner or chartererÕs agent, a responsible officer of the ship or hovercraft or a person nominated by one of the aforesaid persons. While the provisions of section 13(1)(c) of the 1968 Act are not limited to firearms forming part of the shipÕs or hovercraftÕs equipment, a permit should in general only be issued in respect of firearms which are genuinely part of the ship or hovercraftÕs equipment, and it should be issued only if the police are satisfied as to the purpose for which the firearm is being removed and the proposed destination of the firearm. In some circumstances, for example where a ship is docked for extensive repair, the ship has been impounded or for some other reason the captain and crew cannot stay aboard, and where there are concerns about security, it might be appropriate to accede to a request to take such a firearm on shore for temporary secure-keeping. Form 115 may also be issued, under section 13(1)(c) of the 1968 Act, to authorise the removal of signalling apparatus from or to an aircraft or aerodrome for any purpose specified in the permit. 132 Terms of permit Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 14.8 It will normally be appropriate to issue permits under sections 7(1) and 9(2) of the 1968 Act subject to suitable terms. The terms of permits should be as follows, taking account of the individual circumstances in each case: In the case of permits relating to firearms and (section 1) ammunition, the person to whom the permit has been issued should: i. inform the chief officer of police at once of the name and address of any person, other than a registered firearms dealer, purchasing or acquiring any of the abovementioned firearms and ammunition. In all cases the person to whom the permit has been issued should: i. immediately inform the chief officer of police by whom the permit was granted, of the theft, loss, destruction or deactivation of any firearm, ammunition or shot gun to which the permit relates; ii. at all times take reasonable precautions to ensure the safe custody of the firearms, ammunition or shot guns to which the