are affected by the practice. Professionals should ensure that they enquire sensitively about FGM. The topic of FGM may arise in a variety of settings, including a GPÕs surgery as part of a medical consultation, a home environment during a health visitorÕs post-natal visit, or at school. Conversations may take place with the girl or woman who may be affected by FGM, a parent or other family member. How the conversation is opened and the language used will vary according to the setting and who the conversation is with, however, the key principles set out below should apply in all cases. Talking about FGM can be difficult and upsetting. Professionals may wish to speak with their supervisor if they are affected by what they have heard. It is important to acknowledge and understand the motives, demographics and consequences of FGM. Equally, it is important that professionals take the time to think about their own concerns, feelings and values, so they can discuss FGM with clarity and confidence. A lack of awareness may mean that a professional is unable to relate to the girl or woman/their family, which may lead to a failure to discuss the issue appropriately and result in distress for the girl or woman. 44 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation If, as a result of talking about FGM with an individual or family, a professional identifies that a girl is at risk of FGM or has undergone FGM, then appropriate action should be taken. See Annex D for guidance on safeguarding and Annex F for guidance on care and support. Communicating About FGM: Additional Resources Health and social care professionals in England can complete the e-learning session, ÔCommunication Skills for FGM consultationsÕ at www.e-lfh.org.uk which provides advice and training to support these discussions. Professionals in England can watch a video on NHS Choices where women who have had FGM discuss how they would like to see professionals hold sensitive conversations about FGM: www.nhs.uk/fgmguidelines In Wales, NHS employees can speak to their FGM Safeguarding Lead to discuss any concerns and access necessary training. Information on online resources, data reporting arrangements and FGM Leads in Wales is available at: www.wales.nhs.uk/sitesplus/888/page/67421/ C.2. Preparing to Speak to Individuals and Families Adhering to key standards will enable professionals to hold conversations in a sensitive and appropriate way. These include: • making the care of women and girls affected by FGM the primary concern, treating them as individuals, listening and respecting their dignity; • working with others to protect and promote the health and well- being of those in their care, their families and carers, and the wider community; and • being open and honest, acting with integrity and upholding the reputation of the profession. When initiating a conversation about FGM, professionals should: • ensure that the conversation is opened sensitively; • be aware of the specific circumstances of the individual when a discussion about FGM needs to take place; and • be non-judgmental. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation