someone if one has already been given to them by the same or another authority. To avoid the duplication of FPNs, if you issue an FPN for a breach of the duty of care that took place in the area of another authority, you must give that other authority a copy of the FPN at the time of issuing. This includes providing the Environment Agency with a copy of each FPN regardless of area via the e-mail address household.wastefpns@environment-agency .gov.uk. 5. Non-payment of fixed penalties As the FPN o?ers an option to discharge liability for the o?ence, an alleged o?ender may choose not to accept or pay a fixed penalty. They may also provide evidence at any time that they did not commit the o?ence. Where an individual does not pay an FPN you are expected to take the case to prosecution unless they have given a convincing reason for you not to do so. As such, detailed evidence gathering should be carried out at the start of the investigation before an FPN is given to ensure prosecution can take place if needed. Failure to follow up an unpaid FPN with prosecution for the original o?ence will discredit the use of fixed penalties and the duty of care itself. The need to pursue unpaid fixed penalty notices must be considered in the development of an enforcement strategy and the necessary resources made available. It is not acceptable for an authority to decide after a fixed penalty notice has been issued that it does not have the resources to prosecute if the notice is unpaid. 5.1 Challenge process There is no right of appeal against an FPN as they simply o?er an optional means of discharging liability for an o?ence. However, liability for that alleged o?ence can be disputed or the appropriateness of enforcement challenged. In issuing the FPN you must make clear to the recipient that they are entitled to make such representations. If after the FPN is issued you receive a convincing case that a person should not be prosecuted, the FPN should be withdrawn and the recipient promptly informed that you do not intend to prosecute. The grounds of such a case might include, but are not limited to if: the person issued with the penalty was not the person that committed the o?ence, for instance where someone else arranged for the disposal of the waste the person issued with the FPN brings forward evidence that could undermine any later prosecution evidence is provided that the person issued with an FPN is in some way vulnerable and enforcement would not be in the public interest evidence is provided that enforcement would, for any other reason, not be considered to be in the public interest You must consider any information provided when deciding whether or not to start criminal proceedings against the person if the FPN goes unpaid. 6. Awareness raising You should not view your enforcement regime in isolation. As well as taking enforcement action for breaches of