prejudice based on a personÕs disability or perceived disability or Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice against a person who is transgender or perceived to be transgender. Hate Crime A hate crime is any criminal offence which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personÕs race or perceived race or Any criminal offence which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personÕs religion or perceived religion or Any criminal offence which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personÕs sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation or Any criminal offence which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personÕs disability or perceived disability or Any criminal offence which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice against a person who is transgender or perceived to be transgender. 1.1 All Hate Crimes are therefore hate incidents, but some hate incidents may not constitute a criminal offence. 1.2 In deciding to report or record a Hate Incident it is important for staff to note that evidence is not needed. All that is required is a perception on the part of anyone that the incident was motivated by prejudice or hate. 1.1 1.3 Hate incidents and hate crimes can be associated with a number of factors e.g. faith, sexual orientation or age. Additionally the perception that an individual is part of a group or is considered vulnerable is also applicable. 1.4 Definitions of Hate Incidents: • Racist Incident: ÔAny incident which is perceived to be racist by the victim or any other personÕ. • Faith Related Incident: ÔAny incident which is perceived to be based upon prejudice towards or hatred of the faith of a victim, or so perceived by the victim or any other personÕ. • Disablist Incident: ÔAny incident which is perceived to be based upon prejudice towards or hatred of the victim because of their disability, or so perceived by the victim or any other personÕ. This definition also includes incidents where the victim is mentally disabled as well as physically disabled. • Homophobic Incident: ÔAny incident which is perceived to be homophobic by the victim or any other personÕ. • Heterophobic Incident: ÔAny incident which is perceived to be heterophobic by the victim or any other personÕ. • Biphobic Incident: incident which is perceived to be biphobic by the victim or any other personÕ. • Transphobic Incident: incident which is perceived to be transphobic by the victim or any other personÕ. Transphobic relates to gender issues and not sexual orientation and includes the following definitions: > Transsexual: Is a person who alters their physical