2 of the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm (Scotland) Act 2016 (see sections 10 and 25 of that Act). 136ZH Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual offences prevention order or foreign travel order by court in England and Wales (1) This section applies where a relevant order has been made in respect of a person who nowÑ (a) is residing in England and Wales, or (b) is in or is intending to come to England and Wales. (2) In this section Òrelevant orderÓ meansÑ (a) a sexual offences prevention order, or (b) a foreign travel order. (3) A person within subsection (4) may by complaint to the appropriate court apply for an order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant order. (4) Those persons areÑ (a) the defendant; (b) the chief officer of police for the area in which the defendant resides; (c) a chief officer of police who believes that the defendant is in, or is intending to come to, that officerÕs police area. (5) IfÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 377 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) this section applies in relation to a person because that person is subject to a foreign travel order, and (b) a list has been published under section 172 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (list of countries where children are at high risk of sexual abuse or sexual exploitation) and has not been withdrawn, a person mentioned in subsection (4)(b) or (c) must have regard to the list in considering whether to apply for an order varying or renewing the foreign travel order. (6) Subject to subsections (7) to (16), on an application under this section the court, after hearing the person making the application and (if they wish to be heard) the other persons mentioned in subsection (4), may make any order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant order that the court considers appropriate. (7) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in England and Wales, and (b) whether the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, Northern Ireland. (8) A sexual offences prevention order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose of protecting the public in England and Wales, or any particular members of