subsection (1), for the words from Òproceedings forÓ to Òtenancy),Ó there is substituted Ò proceedings to which this section applies Ó. 8 (1) Section 83A of that Act (additional requirements in relation to certain proceedings for possession) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (2)(a), after Ò83Ó there is inserted Ò or 83ZA Ó. (3) In subsection (2)(b), for Òsubsection (4)(a) of that sectionÓ there is substituted Ò section 83(4)(a) or section 83ZA(9)(a) Ó. (4) In subsection (3)(a), after Ò83Ó there is inserted Ò or 83ZA Ó. (5) In subsection (4)(a), after Ò83Ó there is inserted Ò or 83ZA Ó. (6) In subsection (5)Ñ (a) for Òthe noticeÓ there is substituted Ò a notice Ó; (b) after Ò83Ó there is inserted Ò or a notice is served under section 83ZA Ó. 9 (1) Section 84 of that Act (grounds and orders for possession) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1), after Òin accordance withÓ there is inserted Ò section 84A (absolute ground for possession for anti-social behaviour) or Ó. (3) In subsection (2)(a), for Òthat ScheduleÓ there is substituted Ò Schedule 2 Ó. (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) after Ò83Ó there is inserted Ò or 83ZA Ó; (b) for Òsuch an order on any of those grounds aboveÓ there is substituted Ò an order on any of the grounds mentioned in subsection (2) Ó. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 241 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 10 In the heading of section 85A of that Act (proceedings for possession: anti-social behaviour) after ÒpossessionÓ there is inserted Ò on non-absolute grounds Ó. 11 (1) Section 121A of that Act (order suspending right to buy because of anti-social behaviour) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (3)(a), for sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) there is substitutedÑ Ò(i) conduct that is capable of causing nuisance or annoyance to some person (who need not be a particular identified person) and that directly or indirectly relates to or affects the landlord's housing management functions, or (ii) conduct that consists of or involves using housing accommodation owned or managed by the landlord for an unlawful purpose, andÓ. (3) In subsection (7)(a), for sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) there is substitutedÑ Ò(i) conduct that is capable of causing nuisance or annoyance to some person (who need not be a particular identified person) and that directly or indirectly relates to or affects the landlord's housing management functions, or (ii) conduct that consists of or involves using housing accommodation owned or managed by the landlord for