the person to whom the application relates and any legal representative of his (without being present at the hearing and to the extent that they are not excluded from it under sub- paragraph (3))— to see and hear the judicial authority and the making of representations to it by other persons; and to be seen and heard by the judicial authority. If the person to whom the application relates wishes to make representations about whether a direction should be given under sub-paragraph (4), he must do so by using the facilities that will be used if the judicial authority decides to give a direction under that sub-paragraph. Sub-paragraph (2) applies to the hearing of representations about whether a direction should be given under sub-paragraph (4) in the case of any application as it applies to a hearing of the application. A judicial authority shall not give a direction under sub-paragraph (4) unless— it has been notified by the Secretary of State that facilities are available at the place where the person to whom the application relates is held for the judicial authority to conduct a hearing by means falling within sub-paragraph (5); and that notification has not been withdrawn. If in a case where it has power to do so a judicial authority decides not to give a direction under sub-paragraph (4), it shall state its reasons for not giving it.” Codes of practice Visual recording of interviews After section 60 of the 1984 Act (tape recording of interviews) there shall be inserted— “60A Visual recording of interviews The Secretary of State shall have power— to issue a code of practice for the visual recording of interviews held by police officers at police stations; and Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 71 Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes to make an order requiring the visual recording of interviews so held, and requiring the visual recording to be in accordance with the code for the time being in force under this section. A requirement imposed by an order under this section may be imposed in relation to such cases or police stations in such areas, or both, as may be specified or described in the order. An order under subsection (1) above shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. In this section— references to any interview are references to an interview of a person suspected of a criminal offence; and references to a