(http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2004/36/contents), and accompanying non-legislative measures, delivers a single framework for civil protection in the UK. The Act is separated into 2 substantive parts: local arrangements for civil protection (Part 1); and emergency powers (Part 2). Part 1 Part 1 of the Act and supporting Regulations and statutory guidance ÔEmerg ency preparednessÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency-preparedness) establish a clear set of roles and responsibilities for those involved in emergency preparation and response at the local level. The Act divides local responders into 2 categories, imposing a different set of duties on each. Those in Category 1 are organisations at the core of the response to most emergencies (the emergency services, local authorities, NHS bodies). Category 1 responders are subject to the full set of civil protection duties. They will be required to: assess the risk of emergencies occurring and use this to inform contingency planning put in place emergency plans put in place business continuity management arrangements put in place arrangements to make information available to the public about civil protection matters and maintain arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public in the event of an emergency share information with other local responders to enhance co-ordination co-operate with other local responders to enhance co-ordination and efficiency provide advice and assistance to businesses and voluntary organisations about business continuity management (local authorities only) Category 2 organisations (the Health and Safety Executive, transport and utility companies) are Ôco-operating bodiesÕ. They are less likely to be involved in the heart of planning work, but will be heavily involved in incidents that affect their own sector. Category 2 responders have a lesser set of duties - co-operating and sharing relevant information with other Category 1 and 2 responders. Category 1 and 2 organisations come together to form Ôlocal resilience forumsÕ (based on police areas) which will help co-ordination and co-operation between responders at the local level. For more on what LRFs do and contact details for each, see the guide on ÔLocal resilience forums: contact detailsÕ (https://www.gov.uk/guidance/local-resilience-forums-contact-details). The bulk of Part 1 of the Act was brought into force in November 2005 (the duty on local authorities to provide advice and assistance to business and voluntary organisations about business continuity management commenced in May 2006). Part 2 Part 2 of the Act updates the 1920 Emergency Powers Act to reflect the developments in the intervening years and the current and future risk profile. It allows for the making of temporary special legislation (emergency regulations) to help deal with the most serious of emergencies. The use of emergency powers is a last resort option and planning arrangements at the local level should not assume that emergency powers will be made available. Their use is subject to a robust set of safeguards - they can only be deployed in exceptional circumstances. Part 2 of the Act was brought into force in December 2004. See also: Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement programme (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/civil-contingencies-act-enhancement- programme-programme-initiation-document) Category 2 Responders: overview of sectors and emerg ency planning arrangements (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/civil-contingencies-act- category-2-responders-overview-of-sectors-and-emerg ency-planning-arrangements) Examples of