sheriffdom the defendant is believed by the chief constable to be intending to come; Òthe chief constableÓ means the chief constable of the Police Service of Scotland; 372 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒchildÓÑ (a) in relation to the renewal or variation of a sexual risk order, means a person under 18; (b) in relation to the renewal or variation of a risk of sexual harm order, means a person under 16; ÒharmÓ and Òvulnerable adultÓ, in relation to the renewal or variation of a sexual risk order, have the meanings given by section 122B(1).Ó Amendments of the Sentencing Code 5 After section 351 of the Sentencing Code insertÑ Ò351A Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual harm prevention order by court in Scotland (1) This section applies where a sexual harm prevention order has been made in respect of an offender whoÑ (a) is residing in Scotland, or (b) is in or intends to come to Scotland. (2) An application may be made to the appropriate sheriff in ScotlandÑ (a) by the offender, or (b) by the chief constable, for an order varying, renewing or discharging the sexual harm prevention order. (3) Subsection (4) applies where an application under subsection (2) is made. (4) After hearingÑ (a) the person making the application, and (b) the other person mentioned in subsection (2) (if that person wishes to be heard), the sheriff may make any order varying, renewing or discharging the sexual harm prevention order that the sheriff considers appropriate. This is subject to subsections (5) to (8). (5) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in Scotland, and (b) whether the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, England and Wales. (6) An order may be renewed, or varied so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the offender, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 373 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be