co-operate with the PSNI, MCA and telecommunications operators in the discharge of their duties under the Act. 12.5. Chapters 2 to 8 explain in more detail how each duty under the Act is to be performed by Category 1 and 2 responders in Northern Ireland. 3 See sections 1(4A), 2(6) to (9) and 3(6) CCA as amended by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 (Devolution of Policing and Justice Functions) Order 2010, Schedule 3, paragraphs 94 to 977. 4 regulation 57 Civil contingencies in Northern Ireland 12.6. Civil contingencies are largely a devolved matter with responsibilities lying with Northern Ireland government departments. Overall policy and strategy co-ordination falls to the Office of the First Minister and Deputy First Minister (OFMDFM). The Northern Ireland Executive has oversight of civil contingencies arrangements for transferred functions. 12.7. The Northern Ireland Office has responsibility for national security matters. It maintains crisis management arrangements to govern the strategic response to such emergencies. 12.8. The lead government department principle applies in Northern Ireland where the lead Northern Ireland department is the department with day-to-day policy responsibility for the subject in question. 12.9. In Northern Ireland many functions which are delivered elsewhere in the UK by local authorities are delivered directly by Northern Ireland departments, or by their agencies or non-departmental public bodies (NDPBs). This means that some activities which in Great Britain are covered by duties under the Act are in Northern Ireland carried out under lead department arrangements. 12.10. Lead departments in Northern Ireland are broadly similar to those at the UK level in terms of roles and responsibilities. Details of lead departments can be found www. cabinetoffice.gov.uk/ukresilience. Information on Northern Ireland arrangements can be found in A Guide to Emergency Planning Arrangements in Northern Ireland www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/aguidetoemergencyplanningarrangements.pdf 12.1. 12.11. The Northern Ireland devolved administration or Northern Ireland Office (NIO), depending on the subject matter, is represented on the key committees and forums within UK central government relating to civil protection at both official and Ministerial levels. They work closely with UK departments to ensure Northern Ireland needs are catered for in UK planning and policy development. 12.12. In an emergency affecting Northern Ireland, the devolved administration will be involved because of its territorial role and its responsibilities for impact management, although lead responsibility will depend on the nature of the emergency and the devolution settlement. The Civil Contingencies Policy Branch 12.13. The Civil Contingencies Policy Branch (CCPB) is located within the OFMDFM. Its role is to: o co-ordinate information and advice to the First Minister and Deputy First Minister and the Executive on civil contingencies planning and policy; o promote civil contingencies preparedness across NI departments through provision of information and guidance and maintenance of effective civil contingencies policies; o facilitate co-ordination of contingencies preparedness across NI departments and the wider public sector when issues are cross-cutting; o maintain the NI Central Crisis Management Arrangements (see Chapter 12 in Emergency Response and Recovery). 12.14. The CCPB provides information and expertise to planners within organisations and facilitates