appropriate investigating agencies. To achieve these outcomes, the SERM will form and chair a scene evidence recovery group consisting of people with a role to play in recovering the deceased, human remains, property and evidence from the scene (see diagram of a scene evidence recovery group). Scene evidence recovery group members This group may include: scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) victim recovery team leader property recovery team leader operational scene commander police search adviser police forensic adviser or crime scene manager health and safety coordinator Health and Safety Executive (HSE) adviser fire and rescue service scene commander a representative of other statutory investigative agencies, for example, the air accident investigation branch (AAIB), marine accident investigation branch (MAIB) and rail accident investigation branch (RAIB) Logistics coordinator Environment Agency representative local authority representative, for example an emergency planning officer, building control inspector or environmental health officer specialist contractors, landowner(s) or property owner(s) or their representative Below is an example of a command structure for the retrieval and investigation phase. A diagram of an example command structure for the retrieval and investigation phase The scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) will manage all actions undertaken during the retrieval and investigation stage of the operation at the scene on behalf of the SIM and SIO. Initially, the SERM will establish a scene evidence recovery group. This group will be responsible for delivering the outcomes required to clear the site of the incident in line with strategies set in relation to the investigation and identification process. Strategic coordination group The SCG has overall responsibility for the multi-agency management of the emergency. For further information, see civil contingencies APP. Tactical coordination group The tactical commanders of all responding agencies should come together to form a tactical coordination group (TCG). The TCG should meet at an appropriate mutually agreed location as soon as practicable. For further information, see civil contingencies APP. Mass fatality coordination group The mass fatality coordination group (MFCG) coordinates the DVI process on behalf of the gold commander and HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal It allows sensitive matters regarding the deceased to be discussed outside the SCG. Normally the MFCG will be chaired by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal or the SIM. Normally the MFCG will be chaired by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal or the SIM. For further information see MFCG aide memoire. Mass fatalities coordination group members Members of the MFCG can include: HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal senior identification manager (SIM) senior investigating officer (SIO) scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) supervising or lead pathologist police mortuary operations coordinator (PMOC) family liaison coordinator (FLC) a local authority representative with delegated powers around finance a legal team representative a representative of the Human Tissue Authority (HTA) any other designated individual in relation to the HTA licence key staff from planning, resourcing and logistics teams Please note this list is not exhaustive and the MFCG group members will be dependent upon the incident and changing circumstances. See here for example aide memoire. Casualty bureau incident