section 33(1), or (b) by section 60A of, and Schedule 4A to, the 1999 Act in relation to the appointment of the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. 33 Functions to be discharged by police and crime panel (1) The London Assembly mustÑ (a) review the draft police and crime plan, or draft variation, given to the Assembly by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime in accordance with section 6(6)(c), and (b) make a report or recommendations on the draft plan or variation to the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 35 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 4 Ð Accountability of elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) The London Assembly must keep under review the exercise of the functions of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, insofar as the Assembly is not otherwise required to do so by the other provisions of this section or by Schedule 4A to the 1999 Act. (3) For the purposes of subsection (2), the powers of the London Assembly include, in particular, power to investigate, and prepare reports aboutÑ (a) any actions and decisions of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (b) any actions and decisions of the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime; (c) any actions and decisions of a member of staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (d) matters relating to the functions of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (e) matters in relation to which the functions of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime are exercisable; or (f) any other matters which the Assembly considers to be of importance to policing and crime reduction in the metropolitan police district. (4) The London Assembly may submit proposals to the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (5) The London Assembly may require a person referred to in subsection (6)Ñ (a) to attend proceedings of the Assembly for the purpose of giving evidence, or (b) to produce to the Assembly documents in the person's possession or under the person's control. (6) Those persons areÑ (a) the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime; (b) any member of the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (c) the person who is the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (d) any person who has within the 8 years prior to the date of the requirement to be imposed under subsection (5) been the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime or the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (7) Nothing in subsection (5) requires a member of the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to give any evidence, or produce any document,