child or who invite a child to communicate sexually with them. The sexual abuse and exploitation of children is a very real danger in today's society. We already have a robust body of criminal law in England and Wales to tackle predatory sexual behaviour by adults against vulnerable children. This law, together with the work carried out by enforcement agencies including the police and Crown Prosecution Service and those in the voluntary sector, ensures that we have an effective response to this dreadful offending. However, the Government is receptive to calls to strengthen the law further where this is shown to be needed. Following further discussions with the NSPCC, the Police and CPS we agree that it is appropriate to create a specific sexual offence to ensure that the criminal law deals effectively with the type of behaviours identified. Accordingly, at the 'WeProtect' Summit on 11 December, the Prime Minister announced that we would be bringing forward an amendment to this Bill to provide for a new offence of sexual communication with a child. The offence would broadly speaking criminalise communication by an adult with a child under 16 (which could be in the form of an e-mail, text message, written note or orally) where the communication is sexual in some way or where it asks a child to communicate sexually with the adult. To commit the offence the adult must act for sexual gratification. Scenarios likely to be covered by the offence include talking sexually to a child via a chatroom or sending sexually explicit text messages to a child as well as inviting a child to communicate sexually ( irrespective of whether the invitation is itself sexual). The new offence has been so constructed as to ensure that we do not criminalise, for example, ordinary social or educational interactions between children and adults or communications between young people themselves. The offence will be triable either way and will be punishable, on conviction on indictment, by imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years. The offence would automatically attract the notification requirements for registered sex offenders under the Sexual Offences Act 2003. The offence will extend to England and Wales. I understand the Northern Ireland Department of Justice will seek to provide for a similar new offence in legislation before the Northern Ireland Assembly. In Scotland there are already offences of communicating indecently with a child (in sections 24 and 34 of the Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2009). FGM Protection Orders - legal aid (amendments to Schedule 4) Clause 70 of the Bill provides for FGM protection orders. The Government agrees that legal aid should be made available in relation to applications for FGM protection orders (including variations, discharges and appeals) and the enforcement of any breaches. These amendments to Schedule 4 in turn make the necessary amendments to the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 (LASPO) to provide for this. New civil order to compel the disconnection of unauthorised mobile phones in prison (new clause