be done by a person providing services under arrangements made by that Director, if the person providing services is authorised by the Director (whether generally or specifically) for that purpose7. Therefore, this Code also applies to the exercise of functions by a member of a relevant DirectorÕs staff, or to a person providing services under arrangements made by a relevant Director, if the member of staff or the person providing services is authorised as described to perform those functions. 9. Appropriate officers conduct investigations under Part 8, and there are 5 kinds of investigation permitted Ð confiscation investigations, civil recovery investigations, detained cash investigations, money laundering investigations and exploitation proceeds investigations. Who may be an appropriate officer in respect of each kind of investigation is set out in section 378. The relevant Directors are included as appropriate officers, but only in respect of a civil recovery investigation (see section 378(3)(a)). A NCA officer is also an appropriate officer for a civil recovery investigation, but a NCA officer is covered by the Secretary of StateÕs Code of Practice issued under section 377 rather than this Code. Who may be appropriate officers in respect of each of the other kinds of investigation is also set out in section 378, and varies depending on the investigation concerned. An appropriate officer in relation to confiscation, money laundering, exploitation proceeds and detained cash investigations must be a law enforcement officer, but reference must be had to section 378 to identify which law enforcement officers may be appropriate officers in relation to the particular kind of investigation in question. 10. The five powers of investigation in England, Wales and Northern Ireland which may be used for investigations are: (a) production orders, (b) search and seizurewarrants, (c) disclosure orders, (d) customer information orders and (e) account monitoring orders. Production orders, customer information orders and account monitoring orders are applied for and executed by an appropriate officer. 7 See section 2C. 11. Search and seizure warrants are also applied for by an appropriate officer. The warrants are executed however by an appropriate person, as defined in section 352(5). In the case of a warrant sought for the purposes of a civil recovery investigation, this includes a member of the staff of the relevant Director. 12. Applications for disclosure orders are made by the Òrelevant authorityÓ, as defined in section 357(7). In relation to a civil recovery investigation, the relevant authority is a NCA officer or the relevant Director. In relation to a confiscation investigation, the relevant authority is a ÒprosecutorÓ, as defined in section 357(8). Who qualifies as a prosecutor depends on which kind of appropriate officer is carrying out the investigation. The Secretary of State has the power to specify by Order additional persons as prosecutors, who may therefore apply for disclosure orders in confiscation investigations8. Disclosure orders are executed by the appropriate officer however. 13. Where a person fails to comply with any provision of the Code, he is not by reason only of that failure