three years; they may be re-elected; (b) set up Chambers, constituted for a fixed period of time; (c) elect the Presidents of the Chambers of the Court; they may be re-elected; (d) adopt the rules of the Court; (e) elect the Registrar and one or more Deputy Registrars; (f) make any request under Article 26, paragraph 2. ARTICLE 26 Single-judge formation, Committees, Chambers and Grand Chamber 1. To consider cases brought before it, the Court shall sit in a single-judge formation, in committees of three judges, in Chambers of seven judges and in a Grand Chamber of seventeen judges. The CourtÕs Chambers shall set up committees for a fixed period of time. 2. At the request of the plenary Court, the Committee of Ministers may, by a unanimous decision and for a fixed period, reduce to five the number of judges of the Chambers. 3. When sitting as a single judge, a judge shall not examine any application against the High Contracting Party in respect of which that judge has been elected. 1. 4. There shall sit as an ex officio member of the Chamber and the Grand Chamber the judge elected in respect of the High Contracting Party concerned. If there is none or if that judge is unable to sit, a person chosen by the President of the Court from a list submitted in advance by that Party shall sit in the capacity of judge. 5. The Grand Chamber shall also include the President of the Court, the Vice-Presidents, the Presidents of the Chambers and other judges chosen in accordance with the rules of the Court. When a case is referred to the Grand Chamber under Article 43, no judge from the Chamber which rendered the judgment shall sit in the Grand Chamber, with the exception of the President of the Chamber and the judge who sat in respect of the High Contracting Party concerned. ARTICLE 27 Competence of single judges 1. A single judge may declare inadmissible or strike out of the CourtÕs list of cases an application submitted under Article 34, where such a decision can be taken without further examination. 2. The decision shall be final. 3. If the single judge does not declare an application inadmissible or strike it out, that judge shall forward it to a committee or to a Chamber for further examination. ARTICLE 28 Competence of Committees 1. In respect of an application submitted under Article 34, a committee may, by a unanimous vote, (a) declare it inadmissible or strike it out of its list of cases, where such decision can be taken without further examination; or (b) declare it admissible and render at the same time a judgment on the merits, if the underlying question in the case, concerning the interpretation or the application of the Convention or the Protocols thereto, is already the subject of well-established case-law of the Court. 2. Decisions and judgments under paragraph 1 shall be final. 3. If the judge elected in respect of the