will need to evaluate its effectiveness. The best way to do this is to perform a fire drill. This should be carried out at least annually or as determined by your fire risk assessment. If you have a high staff turnover, you may need to carry them out more often. A well-planned and executed fire drill will confirm understanding of the training and provide helpful information for future training. The responsible person should determine the possible objectives of the drill such as to: • identify any weaknesses in the evacuation strategy; • test the procedure following any recent alteration or changes to working practices; • familiarise new members of staff with procedures; and • test the arrangements for disabled people. Who should take part? Within each building the evacuation should be for all occupants except those who may need to ensure the security of the premises, or people who, on a risk-assessed basis, are required to remain with particular equipment or processes that cannot be closed down. Premises that consist of several buildings on the same site should be dealt with one building at a time over an appropriate period unless the emergency procedure dictates otherwise. Where appropriate, you may find it helpful to include members of the public in your fire drill Ð ensuring that all necessary health and safety issues are addressed before you do so. Carrying out the drill For premises that have more than one escape route, the escape plan should be designed to evacuate all people on the assumption that one exit or stairway is unavailable because of the fire. This could be simulated by a designated person being located at a suitable point on an exit route. Applying this scenario to different escape routes at each fire drill will encourage individuals to use alternative escape routes which they may not normally use. When carrying out the drill you might find it helpful to: • circulate details concerning the drill and inform all staff of their duty to participate. It may not be beneficial to have Ôsurprise drillsÕ as the health and safety risks introduced may outweigh the benefits; • ensure that equipment can be safely left; • nominate observers; • inform the alarm receiving centre if the fire-warning system is monitored (if the fire and rescue service is normally called directly from your premises, ensure that this does not happen); • inform visitors and members of the public if they are present; and • ask a member of staff at random to set off the alarm by operating the nearest alarm call point using the test key. This will indicate the level of knowledge regarding the location of the nearest call point. More detailed information on fire drills and test evacuations are given in BS 5588-12.52 The roll call/checking the premises have been evacuated Where possible, you should ensure that a roll call is carried out as soon as possible at the designated assembly point(s), and/or receive reports from wardens designated to ÔsweepÕ the