subsection (2) the Secretary of State shall consult about his proposal to do so with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; and persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police. A request for the purposes of subsection (2) may specify a period within which the requested advice is to be provided; and, if a period is so specified, the requested advice must be provided within it. Before giving any advice in response to a request for the purposes of subsection (2), the Central Police Training and Development Authority shall consult with— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 – Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes persons whom it considers to represent the interests of police authorities; persons whom it considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and such other persons as it thinks fit. The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under this section requiring the adoption of any procedure or practice unless— he has, as respects that procedure or practice, received advice from the Central Police Training and Development Authority and has considered that advice; the advice of the chief inspector of constabulary states that that inspector is satisfied as to the matters mentioned in subsection (7); and the Secretary of State himself is satisfied as to those matters. Those matters are— that the adoption of that procedure or practice is necessary in order to facilitate the carrying out by members of any two or more police forces of joint or co-ordinated operations; that the making of regulations is necessary for securing the adoption of that procedure or practice; and that securing the adoption of that procedure or practice is in the national interest. Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. A statutory instrument containing the first regulations to be made under this section shall not be made unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House. A statutory instrument containing any other regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” Equivalent provision for NCIS and NCS F2. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 9 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act