or this Part (Òpre-charge bailÓ). (2) Guidance on pre-charge bail may in particular coverÑ (a) the exercise of powers to release a person on pre-charge bail; (b) the exercise of powers to impose or vary conditions of pre-charge bail; (c) the exercise of powers to arrest a personÑ (i) for failing to answer pre-charge bail, or (ii) for breaching any conditions of pre-charge bail; (d) the exercise of powers to extend the period of pre-charge bail; (a) 288 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (e) the duty to seek the views of alleged victims about conditions of pre- charge bail. (3) The College of Policing may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, from time to time revise the whole or any part of its guidance on pre-charge bail. (4) Before issuing or revising guidance on pre-charge bail, the College of Policing must consultÑ (a) the National Police ChiefsÕ Council, (b) such persons as appear to the College to represent the views of local policing bodies, and (c) such other persons as the College thinks fit. (5) The Secretary of State must lay before Parliament any guidance on pre- charge bail issued by the College of Policing, and any revision of such guidance. (6) The Secretary of State is not required by subsection (5) to lay before Parliament, or may exclude from what is laid, anything the publication of which, in the opinion of the Secretary of StateÑ (a) could prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders, or (b) could jeopardise the safety of any person. (7) A person who exercises functions relating to pre-charge bail must have regard to the guidance. (8) But subsection (7) does not apply toÑ (a) a member of the Serious Fraud Office, (b) a member of staff of the Financial Conduct Authority, (c) an officer of Revenue and Customs, or (d) a National Crime Agency officer. (9) A failure on the part of a person to whom subsection (7) applies to comply with the guidance does not of itself render the person liable to any criminal or civil proceedings. (10) But guidance on pre-charge bail is admissible in evidence in criminal or civil proceedings and a court may take into account a failure to comply with it in determining a question in the proceedings.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Overseas production orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions