review the outcomes of any incidents or cases where complaints/concerns or issues have been made via a ÒLessons learnedÓ process. This information will assist us in evaluating the effectiveness of this procedure and will ensure we as Wiltshire Police are not in danger of missing opportunities to improve and develop as an organisation. This procedure will be reviewed bi-annually. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE The Head of People Services is responsible for this procedure. All queries relating to this procedure should be directed to the People Services Centre. Introduction Wiltshire Police is firmly committed to ensuring that the workforce operates in an environment of dignity, respect and equality. As part of this ethos Wiltshire Police has a responsibility to staff of all ages; this includes those persons who are experiencing symptoms of the menopause. It is crucial that Wiltshire Police understand the potential anxiety and difficulties that can be caused by the Menopause, and that we enact training for line managers, staff and those in leadership positions. The Menopause is a completely natural stage of a personÕs life, with individuals going through this change between the average ages of forty-five to fifty-five. Some will experience the menopause earlier than the average would suggest and some later, but the vast majority of people fall between these age ranges according to the NHS. For some the menopause can be a taboo topic, often for personal or cultural reasons, and the Force ultimately wants to build a culture where managers do not feel uncomfortable discussing the subject, and staff feel they can request support whenever required. Up to a third of women will experience severe menopausal symptoms that can impact on their quality of life. Because menopausal symptoms are caused by oestrogen fluctuations, these symptoms can also affect trans men and non-binary people if they keep their ovaries and do not alter their hormone profile. It is in the work context that menopausal people often report greater difficulty in managing symptoms and can feel embarrassed and unable to disclose their menopausal status, fearing they may be stigmatised for being menopausal. While men do not go through the same menopause process in the strictly medical sense; they can suffer through a process sometimes referred to as the Ômale menopauseÕ. According to the NHS, some men go through a period of psychological and physiological difficulty in their forties and fifties. This will also be covered later within this document. Aim We recognise that the menopause affects people differently but can have physical and/or psychological ramifications for the individual. Whilst Menopause, of itself, is not a disability, severe symptoms of menopause may constitute disabilities, triggering the obligation to make reasonable adjustments, and provide protection from less favourable treatment. The purpose of this procedure is to provide line managers, staff and those in leadership roles guidance on the menopause and the types of support available The procedure aims to create an environment in which personnel can discuss topics around the menopause without fear of taboo, and