still be possible to exercise lawful authority to enter, where this is based either on specific statutory powers or judicial authority such as a warrant. 9 Number of persons present 9.1 Relevant persons should consider the number of persons needed for the exercise of powers of entry and associated powers to be carried out effectively. The number of persons present should reflect what is reasonable and proportionate in the circumstances. 10 Private dwellings 10.1 Where the relevant legislation requires, an authorised person must obtain the occupierÕs consent or obtain a warrant, court order or other judicial authorisation in order to enter premises used as a private dwelling. 10.2 Where the relevant legislation provides the authorised person with a specific power to enter dwellings with no requirement for a warrant/court order etc, the power should only be used where necessary and proportionate and on the approval of the appropriate person in authority, unless entry is required urgently to protect life or property from harm. 11 Entry without consent or a warrant 11.1 Where it is proposed to exercise a power of entry without seeking consent, and without a warrant, authorised persons must follow the conditions set out in statute granting them entry and, before deciding to exercise powers, should consider whether the object of entry might be achieved by less intrusive alternative means. 11.2 On arrival at the premises, the authorised person exercising the power of entry should make reasonable attempts to make contact with the occupier of the premises, or the person appearing to be in charge of them, unless doing so would frustrate the purposes of entry. He or she should show them suitable identification and explain in straightforward language the purpose of the visit and their powers. 11.3 If that is not possible, for example because the premises are unoccupied or no person is present, wherever possible, written notice setting out the purpose of entry should be left in a prominent place on the premises. 12 Entry under warrant 12.1 Where it is proposed to exercise a power of entry under warrant, the procedures set out in the legislation providing the power must be followed. Authorised persons need to consider all available intelligence before applying for a warrant, such as taking reasonable steps (as practicable) to verify that the information is accurate, recent and not provided maliciously. An application to the court for a warrant should 1.1 generally be supported by a signed written authority from a senior official or manager (this should be someone sufficiently senior in the chain of command who is authorised to approve the exercise of powers) within the relevant authority. 13 Timing of exercise of powers 13.1 The exercise of powers of entry by a relevant person should only be undertaken at reasonable hours (reasonable hours should be determined by reference to the normal working practices of the particular business concerned e.g. entry at night might be considered reasonable for a business that has overnight deliveries). Where appropriate, for premises used as a