a certificate are committed, often when a certificate expires and has not been renewed, a crime report must be completed: (a) the day following the expiry of the certificate; or (b) when the offence is substantiated, that is when the certificate holder is visited by the Enquiry Officer to carry out routine renewal enquiries and it is established that the applicant was in unlawful possession of the firearms and/or ammunition after the expiry date. This option is considered the most appropriate. 184 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 23: Proof of Firearms 23.1 Proof is the compulsory testing of every firearm to ensure its safety before it is first offered for sale. It includes all explosive operated small arms, whether for present use or future invention adapted for the discharge of shot, bullet or other projectile. It includes pistols, revolvers, shot guns, rifles, cattle killers, line throwers, signal pistols, alarm guns and nail driving and other industrial tools. Air weapons are not included. Firearm barrels adapted to discharge a ball of a greater weight than one pound and three quarters, or a barrel of a bore exceeding 2 inches, are not included. Reproof is the similar testing of a firearm that may have fallen below standard because of alteration. This is a complex area and chief officers of police will want to consider seeking guidance from qualified gunsmiths or the proof houses mentioned below when dealing with issues around proof. The proof houses can also carry out safety tests on items not subject to statutory proof, such as cannon barrels. 23.2 There are two proof houses: Birmingham Proof House Banbury Street Birmingham B5 5RH London Proof House 48 Commercial Road London E1 1LP For any queries relating to proof, please contact the proof authorities directly. 23.3 The proving of firearms is governed by the Gun Barrel Proof Acts of 1868, 1950 and 1978 (However, note that much of the 1950 Act was repealed in 1996 by SI 1996/1576). Under these Acts it is: (a) an offence to sell, exchange, expose or keep for sale, or export, or keep for exportation, or to attempt to sell, exchange or export, or to pawn or pledge, or attempt to pawn or pledge, or to take in pawn or pledge, an arm, the barrels of which are not duly proved and marked as proved (section 108 and 109 of the 1868 Act); (b) an offence to import into the United Kingdom small arms, the barrels of which are not duly proved and marked as proved, without giving notice in writing within seven days to either the London or Birmingham Proof House or to send such imported arms, within twenty-eight days of their arrival in the United Kingdom, to be proved at either the London or Birmingham Proof House (Section 122 of the 1868 Act). 185 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law This does not apply to any small arm imported by any person for their own personal use whilst it is in their possession. In