in question (e.g. terrorist attack, industrial accident, severe weather, public protests). Risk categories should be read in conjunction with outcome descriptions in order to understand the magnitude of the event. o o Outcome description: This describes the immediate consequences or significance of the event. Outcome descriptions will often be expressed in terms of the facilities that have been destroyed, the numbers of fatalities and casualties, or extent of contamination. It is this information which enables the subsequent local impact assessment. o Variation and further information: This column focuses on the specific assumptions or causal events that drive the outcome description. Details are also given on the historical precedent and justification for the specific assumptions made. o Likelihood score and lead department: This column in the table gives the likelihood score of the risk arising, and the department or agency which has made this assessment. There is an important distinction in the treatment of likelihood assessments for threats and for hazards. In the case of hazards, the table provides an assessment of the likelihood of relevant risks occurring in a five-year timeframe in a typical LRF area. Likelihood assessments for hazards are presented on a 1-5 scale. o In the case of threats, the assessment of likelihoods is treated differently. The table does not show likelihood scorings for each threat event because doing so would be analytically misleading. o Likelihood rationale: This column in the table provides additional descriptive or statistical guidance on how the generic likelihood assessment was calculated. Each local area will wish to identify which of those threats and hazards listed could not occur in their area because it lacks particular sites or characteristics; and ultimately each LRF will need to decide on its own likelihood assessments. This will lead to a reduced set of assessed risks for most, if not all, local areas. The central government likelihood scores given are based upon the assessment of the risk outcome description occurring at any location across the UK. The figure provided is what policy experts assess to be the highest of all o possible local level likelihoods for that specific scenario. While ratings at a local level will vary as each area is different, no local score should be greater than the national one. Clearly, where a local version of the hazard is being assessed at the LRFÕs discretion and with potentially lesser impacts, the likelihood of that new, local risk, might well be greater. 4B.4. The Local Risk Assessment Guidance will be issued annually. Feedback from Category 1 responders about how this guidance could be improved is welcomed and should be directed to the Civil Contingencies Secretariat in the Cabinet Office. Emergency Preparedness | Annex 4 B: Illustration of Local Risk Assessment Guidance Type of risk Risk categories (and sub-categories) Outcome description Likelihood assessment, lead department and assumptions Variation and further information Likelihood rationale Industrial accidents and environmental pollution e.g. H1 Fire or explosion at a gas terminal as well as LPG, LNG and other has onshore feedstock