Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Use of Force Date of Publication: September 2022 Version: 1.0 Next Review Date: September 2024 POLICY STATEMENT Wiltshire Police complies with Authorised Professional Practice (APP) which contains information to assist policing activity across a range of different areas such as Public Order and Firearms. Wiltshire Police also provides additional guidance to Police Officers on a local level where it is considered necessary to do so. The ForceÕs purpose is to attack criminality, reduce crime, protect the vulnerable and provide reassurance. This is to ensure that the people of Wiltshire can go about their everyday lives in a peaceful environment. In order to achieve this it is accepted that during every day policing trained officers may be required to use force when resolving the incidents they are dealing with. This policy explains the circumstances when force can be used, how to resolve conflict, how to present evidence as well as how the National Decision Model (NDM) is applicable when deciding on using force. Recording • A record must be completed as soon as practicable and preferably within the tour of duty the force was used. It must be completed before any periods of leave. • Body worn video should be used in accordance with training to capture instances where force has been or is likely to be used. • Where force has been used the officer is to complete the USE OF FORCE FORM (Electronic Form on Niche). It is the responsibility of the officer to complete their own use of force record. One must be completed every time force is used on a person. If force is used on more than one person, a new report must be completed for each person on whom force was used. • A record must be completed for all situations where force has been used over a period of time against person(s) not subsequently apprehended, for example public order. It is accepted that there may be occasions where there is a lack of detail in such circumstances. • In situations where the subject of the use of force is not identified or is unknown, the process detailed in appendix A will be used. • Where the incident doesnÕt occur in the officers home force area, they must still complete their own Forces records. • A record must be created when one of the following techniques or tactics are used: o Handcuffing (compliant and non-compliant); o Unarmed skills (including pressure points, strikes, restraints and takedowns); o Use of dogs; o Drawing or use of baton; o Drawing or use of irritant spray; o Limb/Body restraints; o Spit guard; o Shield; o Conductive Energy Device (C.E.D currently TASER); Drawing or use of the Taser; o AEP: drawn or discharged; o Firearms: drawn or discharged; or o Other/improvised • This includes force applied by custody staff. • Conflict Resolution In order to resolve conflict the following should be considered: • The persons behaviour and their level of resistance; • If the