of making an application for an investigation order and given the opportunity to be represented at the application hearing. 27. An application in respect of a civil recovery investigation should be made to a judge of the High Court in accordance with any relevant civil procedure rules and Practice Direction. 13 The appropriate officer is under no obligation to divulge the anticipated cost he or she has decided. 28. Appropriate officers should familiarise themselves as to the requirements in POCA, but the following should be included in an application for an order or warrant: • the name of the person who is under investigation or (if possible) who holds o r o w n s property which is under investigation and confirmation that any information sought is for the purposes of the investigation. If the application is for an order against a different person to the main focus of the investigation, he or she must also be named o r s p e c i f i e d in the application and there must be an explanation of the personÕs connection to the investigation. In respect of applications for a disclosure order, it may not be possible to name each potential recipient of a notice and so they should be named as far as practicable in the evidence in support of the application; • the grounds on which the application is made; and • confirmation that none of the material or information sought is or consists of items subject to legal privilege or excluded material (with the exception of a lawyerÕs clientÕs name and address requested under a disclosure order14). This does not apply to customer information orders and account monitoring orders as the type of information requested will not be that which could be subject to legal privilege or could be excluded material. 29. The information and evidence produced in support of an application should show that there are reasonable grounds for suspicion directly relating to the relevant matter under investigation. Appropriate officers should seek to limit the scope of what they request in an application to matters directly relevant to their investigation. Approriate officers should be aware that their application and any information and evidence produced in its support will be subject to analytical scrutiny by the judge. 30. Where information appears to justify an application, the appropriate officer should take reasonable steps to check the information is accurate, recent, and not provided maliciously or irresponsibly. An application may not be made on the basis of information from an anonymous source if corroboration has not been sought. 31. Where there is any sensitive information and there are concerns that disclosure would create a real risk of serious prejudice to an important public interest, legal advice should be sought about the need for disclosure of that information. There may be the possibility of a public interest immunity application to the court so that the sensitive information need not be disclosed. The appropriate officer should be in a position