are similar to those prescribed for firearm certificates. When notification of a change of address to another police area is received, the chief officer of police of that area should be sent the relevant documents, or copies of them, and a reference to the removal should be retained by the issuing force. The certificate holder should retain the original certificate until such time as the new force is able to issue a replacement whereupon it should be exchanged. 11.11 It should be noted that chief officers of police are not empowered (as they are with firearm certificates) to impose any conditions of their own on shot gun certificates. However, rule 5(5) of the 1998 Rules and section 5A(3) of the 1968 Act (as amended) provides that when a shot gun which is disguised as another object, is possessed, purchased or acquired by the holder of a shot gun certificate for the purpose only of its being kept or exhibited as part of a collection, the certificate shall be subject to an additional condition restricting the use of that shot gun to use for that purpose. The most common shot gun of this kind will be the walking-stick shot gun or the umbrella shot gun. Completion of certificates 11.12 Shot gun certificates must be in the prescribed form (Form 204). The following parts of the certificate are to be completed by the police before it is sent to an applicant: a) the number of the certificate; b) the commencement and expiry dates of the period of validity. A shot gun certificate is normally valid for a period of five years (but see paragraph 11.16 about coterminous certificates); c) the name and address of the holder; d) the date of birth of the holder; e) the details (including the description or identification number where known) of each of the shot guns currently in the applicantÕs possession; and f) the official crest of the police force issuing the certificate together with the signature of the chief officer of police and the date when the certificate was issued. 89 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Limited extension of certificates 11.13 Where an application is made to the police for the renewal of a certificate at least 8 weeks before the certificate is due to expire, but the police are unable to decide the application before the certificate expires, section 28B of the 1968 Act automatically extends the validity of the certificate for a period of 8 weeks or until the police decide the application, whichever occurs first. The certificateÕs terms and conditions will continue to apply during this period. Changes have been made to the National Firearms Licensing Management System (NFLMS) to support the administration of this provision and to facilitate police forces generating a confirmatory letter to applicants who benefit from an extension under section 28B. 11.14 In the event that the application for renewal is subsequently granted, any period for which the certificate continued in force under section 28B will be treated for