internal policies. This procedure is published on the Human Resources Intranet site (on firstpoint) and it is the responsibility of all police staff and line managers to make themselves aware of its content and to ensure it is applied consistently. Where a matter arises that may require consideration under this procedure, further advice is available via the HR Intranet site, from the HR Helpdesk, the local HR Officer and HR Manager and from Unison should you be a member. Managers must seek such support before embarking upon any formal action under this procedure. This procedure applies to all police staff in the employment of Wiltshire Police and the OPCC, with the following exceptions, where termination of employment is: • as the result of redundancy. A separate procedure is followed as set out in the Redundancy and Redeployment (Staff) Procedure. • the natural termination of a temporary employeeÕs fixed term contract of employment. • due to poor performance, capability, competence or attendance A separate procedure is followed as set out in the Police Staff Capability Procedure. • where an employee is still within their probationary period. A separate procedure is followed as set out in the Probationary Policy and Procedure for Police Staff. • In addition, Point 12 ÒFailure to comply with social distancing or hygiene measures at workÓ, apply to all members of Wiltshire Police, including all Officers. 1.3 Principles The following are the principles upon which this procedure is based. Further details of how they apply in practice follow within the main body of the document: • The Police Staff Code of Conduct is incorporated within the procedure and sets the expected standards (see Appendix 1). • Informal action will be considered initially to resolve a problem wherever appropriate. • No disciplinary action will be taken against an employee until the case has been investigated. • If formal action is invoked, the employee will be advised of the nature of the allegation against them and will be given the opportunity to state their case before any decision is made at a disciplinary hearing. • Employees will be provided with written evidence, relevant witness statements and any investigating officerÕs report in advance of a disciplinary hearing. • At all stages of the procedure, the employee will have the right to be accompanied by a Unison representative or a colleague. This person must be employed by Wiltshire Police. However, it would not normally be reasonable for an employee to insist on being accompanied by a colleague whose presence would prejudice the hearing nor would it be reasonable for an employee to ask to be accompanied by a colleague from a remote geographical location if someone suitable and willing was available on site. In exceptional circumstances a Unison regional representative may be allowed. • No employee will be dismissed for a first breach of the Police Staff Code of Conduct, except in the case of gross misconduct, when the penalty will be dismissal without notice or payment in lieu of notice. •