then the court shall give reasons for refusing to withhold bail. (8B) In subsection (8A) above, “relevant person” means a person to whom section 4(1) (and Schedule 1) of this Act is applicable in accordance with subsection (4) above. (8C) A court which is by virtue of subsection (8A) above required to give reasons for its decision shall include a note of those reasons in any record of its decision and, if requested to do so by the prosecutor, shall cause the prosecutor to be given a copy of any such record as soon as practicable after the record is made.” In Part 1 of Schedule 1 to that Act, paragraph 9A (court to give reasons for granting bail in certain homicide and rape cases) shall be omitted. F250130 Remands and committals to secure accommodation etc . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 99 Part 6 – Miscellaneous and supplemental Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 131 Monitoring of compliance with bail conditions In section 3 of the Bail Act 1976 (c. 63) (general provisions), after subsection (6) there shall be inserted— “(6ZAA) Subject to section 3AA below, if he is a child or young person he may be required to comply with requirements imposed for the purpose of securing the electronic monitoring of his compliance with any other requirement imposed on him as a condition of bail.” After that section there shall be inserted— “3AA Electronic monitoring of compliance with bail conditions A court shall not impose on a child or young person a requirement under section 3(6ZAA) above (an “electronic monitoring requirement”) unless each of the following conditions is satisfied. The first condition is that the child or young person has attained the age of twelve years. The second condition is that— the child or young person is charged with or has been convicted of a violent or sexual offence, or an offence punishable in the case of an adult with imprisonment for a term of fourteen years or more; or he is charged with or has been convicted of one or more imprisonable offences which, together with any other imprisonable offences of which he has been convicted in any proceedings— amount, or would, if he were convicted of the offences with which he is charged, amount, to a recent history of repeatedly committing imprisonable offences while remanded on bail or to local authority accommodation.