ammunition, someone who produces another personÕs valid shot gun certificate, together with written authority from the certificate holder to allow them to purchase or acquire the ammunition; 5) someone who shows that by virtue of the Act they are entitled to purchase or acquire the firearm or ammunition without a certificate. b) instructions in firearm and shot gun certificates and notification to the chief officer of police of the sale etc. of a firearm or shot gun to a person who is neither a firearms dealer nor otherwise exempt from holding a certificate (section 32(2)(b), 33(2) and (3) of the 1997 Act). Though not a statutory requirement, it is desirable that police forces should also comply with these requirements if they transfer a firearm or shot gun to a certificate holder from another force area, completing Table 1 on a firearm certificate and/or Table 2 on a shot gun certificate. 5.19 Section 33 of the 1997 Act requires that, within seven days of the transaction, the transferor and transferee must send, electronically (for example, by email or fax) or by recorded or special delivery, notification to the chief officers of police who issued their own certificates. The transferor is the person who originally possessed the gun, and the transferee is the recipient (and it is the transferor who must write the details of the gun and its transfer onto the certificate of the transferee). The notice of the transaction must contain a description of the firearm or shot gun (including any identification number), state the nature of the transaction and give the name and address of the other person concerned. A firearm or shot gun placed with a registered firearms dealer or auctioneer for sale or return is not regarded as a transfer. Notification is only required once the transfer is complete when all three parties notify the police. As the transferor may not know the name of the ultimate transferee, it is sufficient for the transferor only to notify the police of disposal to the dealer or auctioneer. 5.20 Section 34 of the 1997 Act requires that, on the deactivation, destruction or loss of any firearm to which a firearm or shot gun certificate or a visitorÕs firearm or shot gun permit relates, the chief officer of police who granted the certificate or permit must be notified within seven days of the event. The notification must be sent 36 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law electronically (for example, by email or fax) or by recorded or special delivery and must describe the firearm in question (including any identification number) and the nature of the event. Similarly, if any ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies and a firearm certificate or visitorÕs permit relates is lost (whether by theft or otherwise), the chief officer who granted the certificate or permit must be notified within seven days by recorded or special delivery. The actual methods of destruction of firearms are not covered by legislation but to provide adequate safeguards