a copy of the inquiry was sent to the Federal Court and the Federal Police. 11 The "indictment" is the act of formalizing suspicion within the legal inquiry, usually at the end of investigations. For a more detailed explanation, see Vidal (2013). 12 Quoting Eilbaum (2012), "the VPI initials comes from article 5, paragraph 3 of the Brazilian Criminal Process Code. It refers to the fact that, when a criminal infraction is reported to the police, it must, after verifying the information, initiate a police inquiry. Based on the act of verifying information, the police created a bureaucratic administrative piece of their own, called VPI." (2012, p.414) 13 Reference to a traditional Brazilian dish made from beans and pork. (Translator's note) 14 The consolidated interpretation of these hierarchizations, developed in reference anthropological studies on public security (cf. Kant de Lima, 1995; Kant de Lima, Pires and Eilbam, 2008; Miranda et al, 2010) is that police authority is constituted, in day-to-day routine, through the ways in which agents not only hierarchize but also criminalize (or not) events with which they deal. As Kant de Lima, Pires and Eilbaum (2008) put it, in police precincts "cases of theft for which there is no evidence, threats, domestic disputes, among others, are filtered, set aside, avoided. That is because "real" cases, cases that "resonate", that are relevant, are homicides, kidnappings, cargo robberies, drug trafficking, among others." (p. 166) 15 As Ferreira details in the dissertation (2011) that resulted from the research, the SDP is responsible for investigating "missing persons" cases registered in a specific set of regular precincts (from the 1st to the 44th police precincts) of the Rio de Janeiro State capital. The precincts which first register these cases have fifteen days to carry out an investigation and close them. After that deadline, if the investigations have not solved the case, the SDP then takes responsibility for all "missing persons" cases registered in those precincts (Rio de Janeiro, 1991). 16 If, on the one hand, the status assigned to VPIs is not only distinct, but also inferior to that of police inquiries, Kant de Lima's (1995, p.68-69) ethnography reveals that these administrative procedures offer a greater margin of autonomy to police officers than inquiries, since they do not require an authorization by a judge or prosecutor, but only a commissioner's decision, in order to be archived. 17 The pioneer work by Oliveira (2007) also dealt with police officers' questions and reflections in terms of their attributions and responsibilities when faced with "missing persons" cases. 18 In December 2009, the ISP, a state agency dedicated to research and to training public servants in the public security field, divulged a pioneer study on "missing persons" cases. Titled "Research on the Missing", the study, which has been periodically updated since its release, sought to map out cases in the state in order to identify, on the one hand, the profile of "missing persons" and, on the other, the circumstances and possible causes of their disappearance. Among