annual refresher programme. Each officer must achieve competence to the required level and will be assessed against this standard. Any officer failing to achieve competence will be fully supported through a further course of instruction in an attempt to achieve competence. Personal safety refresher training is to be regularly completed by all PCSOÕs, Detention Officers, Prisoner Escort Officers and Local Crime Investigators. Other front facing police staff roles will be assessed on a role by role basis as to any requirement for this training. Exemptions Exemptions to this policy will only be based upon medical grounds. Officers who have a passport exempting them from Personal Safety Training will not be required to undertake any of the training. Officers have to attend ALL sessions of PST. If Officers are unable to complete the JRFT then they will not be able to complete the rest of PST. Deferred officers are those who may have a short term medical issue and they will report this through their line managers in order to delay their completion of Personal Safety Training. There should be consideration at this time as to whether or not they are fit for operational duties. Appeals Procedure See Recording Process Students Standards The expectations for students attending any learning event are written into the People Development Department Codes of Practice and are covered within the force values and behaviours. It is a requirement that in order for officers to attend any internal or external training courses, they must be Personal Safety Training compliant, taking into account the exemptions as above. Assessment Process At the beginning of the course the lead trainer for the days training will inform students of the assessment process in that it will be ongoing throughout the course and will consist of observation, demonstration and nominated Question & Answers. Formative assessment will be used to improve student attainment, Summative assessment used to monitor outcomes of individual lessons in line with NOS GC 10. During any dynamic training session students will be observed by trainers who will judge if the students have achieved a level of competence. Where students skills fall below an acceptable level 1:1 coaching will be given to the student and they will then be reassessed. Trainers will ask questions at regular intervals to the students in relation to the area of training being taught, ensuring that the underpinning knowledge associated with the lesson is known to the student/s. Students will be asked at the start and end of training to demonstrate a number of Ôlinked drillsÕ as an individual and as a pair. The trainer may require the students to hold a position prior to them being told to continue. This will allow for the trainer to ensure that the studentÕs technique in a dynamic scenario demonstrates a continuing level of competence. JRFT and health screening Every officer will have to successfully complete the multistage bleep test (JRFT) during their Personal Safety Training. This is a mandatory test. If for medical reasons an officer is