happen can be extremely reassuring. 7.139. When developing exercises, responders should consider inviting local media to cover the story as observers. The ground rules should be agreed in advance, with assistance from the appropriate media groups/forums as necessary. 7.1. Chapter 8 Business continuity advice and assistance to business and the voluntary sector Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 8 (Business continuity advice and assistance to business and the voluntary sector) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version Summary • The Act requires local authorities to provide advice and assistance to those undertaking commercial activities and to voluntary organisations in relation to business continuity management (BCM) in the event of an emergency (as defined by the Act) (paragraphs 8.1-8.8). • Local authorities must provide general advice and assistance to the business and voluntary sector communities at large; may provide specific advice and assistance to individual organisations; and may give advice and assistance to individual businesses in relation to the engagement of business continuity consultants (paragraphs 8.8-8.22). • Not all voluntary organisations would want - or benefit from - business continuity advice. A local authority may therefore define its own voluntary sector audience, targeting efforts where they will add most value (paragraphs 8.28-8.31). • Local authorities may charge for advice and assistance provided on request, on a cost-recovery basis (paragraphs 8.34-8.35). • Local authorities should have regard to relevant Community Risk Registers (CRRs) when developing an advice and assistance programme (paragraphs 8.36-8.37). • Local authorities may enter into collaborative arrangements with other Category 1 and 2 responders in fulfilling their duties (paragraphs 8.38-8.41). • • Local authorities within a Local Resilience Forum (LRF) area are required to co-operate with each other in performing their duties; other Category 1 and 2 responders within a Local Resilience Forum are required to co-operate with local authorities (paragraphs 8.42-8.52). • Local authorities are required to have regard to the BCM advice and assistance provided by other Category 1 and 2 responders to business and voluntary organisations in their areas (paragraphs 8.46-8.52). • This chapter also sets out the considerations local authorities should take into account when developing a programme of advice and assistance (e.g. key messages, established support networks) (paragraphs 8.57-8.74). • Local authorities should consider how to use the arrangements for multi-agency co-operation established by the Act to ensure BCM advice and assistance programmes are co-ordinated and effective (paragraphs 8.70-8.72). • Local authorities have been discharging the business continuity duty since its commencement in May 2006. In this time a number of different methods have been used to reach out to local businesses. Some of these have been recorded as case studies, attached as an annex to this chapter. • WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 8.1. Scope of the duty The Act requires local authorities to provide advice and assistance to those undertaking commercial activities and to voluntary organisations in their areas in relation to BCM in the event of emergencies (as defined in the Act).1 activity is undertaken