the period of 28 days, no account is to be taken of any whole days that fall within a period during whichÑ (a) Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or (b) either House of Parliament is adjourned for more than four days. (6) If regulations cease to have effect as a result of subsection (4), that does notÑ (a) affect the validity of anything previously done under or by virtue of the regulations, or (b) prevent the making of new regulations. 260 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 14 Ð Final provisions CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 14 FINAL PROVISIONS 203 Financial provision There is to be paid out of money provided by ParliamentÑ (a) any expenditure incurred under or by virtue of this Act by a Minister of the Crown, government department or other public authority, and (b) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable under any other Act out of money so provided. 204 Minor amendments arising out of sentencing consolidation Schedule 21 makes minor amendments to the Sentencing Act 2020 and other enactments in connection with the consolidation that led to that Act. 205 Power to make consequential provision (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrument make provision that is consequential on this Act. (2) Regulations under subsection (1) may, in particular, amend, repeal or revoke any enactment passed or made before, or in the same Session as, this Act. (3) In subsection (2) ÒenactmentÓ includesÑ (a) an enactment contained in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978, (b) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, an Act or Measure of Senedd Cymru, (c) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, an Act of the Scottish Parliament, and (d) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, Northern Ireland legislation. (4) Regulations under subsection (1)Ñ (a) may make different provision for different purposes; (b) may make transitional, transitory or saving provision. (5) A statutory instrument containing (whether alone or with any other provision) regulations under subsection (1) which amend, repeal or revoke primary legislation may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 14 Ð Final provisions CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 261 Changes