(a) if a constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the thing is or contains evidence in relation to an offence, it may be retainedÑ (i) for use as evidence at a trial for an offence, or (ii) for forensic examination or for investigation in connection with an offence; (b) if a constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the thing has been obtained in consequence of the commission of an offence, it may be retained in order to establish its lawful owner. (5) Anything seized under subsection (2)(b) that is not retained as mentioned in subsection (4)(a) or (b) may be retained for a maximum period of 7 days beginning with the day after the day on which the thing is seized. (6) Nothing may be retained for either of the purposes mentioned in subsection (4) (a) if a photograph or copy would be sufficient for that purpose. (7) In this section ÒoffenderÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a search under section 43C, the terrorist offender to whom the search relates; (b) in relation to a search under section 43D, the relevant offender in relation to whom the warrant authorising the search was issued. (a) 236 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 4 Ð Management of terrorist offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (8) Nothing in this section affects any power of a court to make an order under section 1 of the Police (Property) Act 1897.Ó 188 Sections 184 to 187: consequential provision Schedule 19 makes provision that is consequential on sections 184 to 187. 189 Arrangements for assessing etc risks posed by certain offenders (1) Section 325 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (arrangements for assessing etc risks posed by certain offenders) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (6). (2) In subsection (1), in the definition of Òrelevant sexual or violent offenderÓ, for Òhas the meaningÓ substitute Òand Òrelevant terrorist offenderÓ have the meaningsÓ. (3) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for the ÒandÓ at the end of paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(aa) relevant terrorist offenders,Ó (b) at the end of paragraph (b) insert Ò, and (c) other persons who have committed offences (wherever committed) and are considered by the responsible authority to be persons who may be at risk of involvement in terrorism- related activity.Ó (4) For subsection (4) substituteÑ Ò(4) A person to whom subsection (4A) applies may, for the purpose described in subsection (2), disclose information to another person to whom subsection (4A) applies. (4A) This subsection applies toÑ (a) the responsible