where paragraph 6 applies. (2) The regulations may make provision aboutÑ (a) steps to be taken, and (b) procedures to be followed. (3) That includes provision about the time limits applicable in taking steps or following procedures. (4) The regulations may make provision about limits on the precept that may be issued. (5) That includes provision about the calculation of limits by reference toÑ (a) one or more previous precepts, (b) the proposed precept, or (c) any other matters. (6) The regulations may confer functions onÑ (a) police and crime commissioners, (b) police and crime panels, (c) the Secretary of State, or (d) any other person. (7) That includes functions involving the exercise of a discretion. (8) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (7) do not limit the power conferred by sub-paragraph (1). Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 175 SCHEDULE 6 Section 28 POLICE AND CRIME PANELS PART 1 TYPE OF PANEL WHICH POLICE AREA IS TO HAVE England 1 (1) Each police area in England, other than the metropolitan police district, is to have a police and crime panel established and maintained in accordance with Part 2 of this Schedule. (2) But the Secretary of State may, by order, provide that any such police area is to have (for as long as the order has effect) a police and crime panel established and maintained in accordance with Part 3 of this Schedule (instead of a panel established and maintained in accordance with Part 2). (3) The Secretary of State may make an order under sub-paragraph (2) in relation to a single-authority police area only if the Secretary of State is of the opinion that the relevant local authority has failed to nominate or appoint one or more of its councillors as members of the panel in accordance with paragraphs 6 and 9. (4) The Secretary of State may make an order under sub-paragraph (2) in relation to a multi-authority police area only if the Secretary of State is of the opinion that all the relevant local authorities have (whether at the same time or at different times) failed to nominate or appoint one or more of their councillors as members of the panelÑ (a) in accordance with paragraphs 7 and 9 (in the case of a police area which covers ten or more local authorities), or (b) in accordance with paragraphs 8 and 9 (in the case of a police area which covers nine or fewer local authorities). 176 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police