Force, or (c) a local authority. (2) In this Part Òlocal authorityÓ means- (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council. 38 Consultation by applicants for injunctions (1) Before applying for an injunction under section 37, the applicant must comply with the consultation requirement. (2) The consultation requirement is that the applicant must consult- (a) any local authority, and any chief police officer, that the applicant thinks it appropriate to consult, and (aa) where the respondent is under the age of 18 (and will be under that age when the application is made), the youth offending team established under section 39 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 in whose area it appears to the applicant that the respondent resides, and (b) any other body or individual that the applicant thinks it appropriate to consult. (3) If it appears to the applicant that the respondent resides in the area of two or more youth offending teams, the obligation in subsection (2)(aa) is to consult such of those teams as the applicant thinks appropriate 39 Applications without notice (1) An application under section 37 may be made without the respondent being given notice. (2) In this Part, such an application is referred to as an application without notice. (3) Section 38(1) does not apply in relation to an application without notice. 56 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing (4) If an application without notice is made the court must either- (a) dismiss the application, or (b) adjourn the proceedings. (5) If the court acts under subsection (4)(b), the applicant must comply with the consultation requirement before the date of the first full hearing. (6) In this section Òfull hearingÓ means a hearing of which notice has been given to the applicant and respondent in accordance with rules of court. Interim injunctions 40 Interim injunctions: adjournment of on notice hearing (1) This section applies if- (a) the court adjourns the hearing of an application for an injunction under section 34, and (b) the respondent was notified of the hearing in accordance with rules of court. (2) The court may grant an interim injunction if it thinks that it is just and convenient to do so. (3) An interim injunction under this section may include any provision which the court has power to include in an injunction granted under section 34 (including a power of arrest). 41 Interim injunctions: adjournment of without notice hearing (1) This section applies if- (a) an application without notice is made by virtue of section 39, and (b) the proceedings are adjourned (otherwise than at a full hearing within the meaning of that section). (2) The court may grant an interim injunction if it thinks that it is necessary to do so. (3) An interim injunction under