and other regulatory measures have not worked; • Removing the requirement to ask the Secretary of StateÕs approval to use its own staff to carry out inspections; and • Removing the cap on the level of fines the regulator may charge. • Ensure that local authorities are held to account for the performance of service provided by an Arms Length Management Organisation or Tenant Management Organisation, by: • Asking stockholding local authorities that contract out management services to Arms Length Management Organisations to review their contracts to ensure they do not prevent the regulator from taking action in the event of non-compliance with its standards; • Making it explicit that provisions in contracts between ALMOs or TMOs would be deemed void if they hindered the regulation in its exercise of its powers; and • Working with the regulator to set out an expectation for local authorities to self-refer to ensure that issues of concern to tenants are dealt with as quickly as possible. • Expect the regulator to review and amend its regulatory standards to make it clear that landlords should have a policy setting out how they should tackle issues surrounding domestic abuse, working with other agencies as appropriate. • Legislate to strengthen the relationship between the Housing Ombudsman and the regulator, building on the current Memorandum of Understanding to ensure that they can exchange information quickly and effectively to provide better protection for tenants. • Maintain the robust economic regulation regime that is already working well and make sure the whole system is cohesive and balanced. This will include ensuring that changes to consumer regulation do not undermine economic regulation. • Refine the regulatorÕs powers to ensure it has the right tools to deliver its economic regulation function effectively with an evolving sector. This includes: • Requiring landlords to notify the regulator of any change in control and refining the definition of Ônon-profitÕ providers; and • Introducing a Ôlook-throughÕ power so the regulator can follow money paid outside of the regulated sector to ensure probity. Delivering these changes is essential to ensuring that the needs of tenants are embedded in the culture of all landlords, and will require significant change to the structure and expertise of the regulator, from senior leadership level downwards. To ensure that the regulator is equipped to deliver a proactive regulatory regime effectively, we will: • Enable the regulator to set up an entirely new function, and make sure it is resourced and able to recruit the right new staff, including at senior leadership level, that have the right expertise in consumer regulation, customer service and tenant engagement to effectively deliver the new consumer regulation regime. • Expect the regulator to develop a strategy for appropriate and ongoing publicity to make tenants aware of what it does and how to get in touch Ð both so they can understand and help shape consumer regulation. • Broaden the skills mix and diversity of Board Members and increase the number of Members with consumer regulation experience.