Secretary of State shallÑ (a) consult with the Police Advisory Board for England and Wales before exercising the power as regards England and Wales; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 113 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) consult with the Police Negotiating Board for Scotland before exercising the power as regards Scotland; (c) consult with the Northern Ireland Policing Board and the Police Association for Northern Ireland before exercising the power as regards Northern Ireland.Ó 134 Consultation about regulations: Northern Ireland (1) In section 25 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (regulations for the Police Service of Northern Ireland)Ñ (a) in subsection (8), the words Ò, other than regulations made by virtue of subsection (2)(j), (k) or (l)Ó are omitted; (b) after that subsection there is insertedÑ Ò(9) Subsection (8) does not apply toÑ (a) regulations made by virtue of subsection (2)(k), as to which the Department of Justice shall invite the views of the Police Advisory Board for England and Wales, or (b) regulations made by virtue of subsection (2)(j) or (l), as to which section 25A applies.Ó (2) After that section there is insertedÑ Ò25A Regulations about hours, leave, pay or equipment: consultation etc (1) This section applies where the Department of Justice is proposing to make regulations under section 25 by virtue of subsection (2)(j) or (l) of that section. (2) In the case of regulations concerning officers of or below the rank of chief superintendent, before making the regulations the Department of Justice shall (subject to subsection (5))Ñ (a) refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body under section 64B(3) of the Police Act 1996, and (b) consider that body's report on the matter. (3) In the case of regulations concerning officers above the rank of chief superintendent, before making the regulations the Department of Justice shall (subject to subsection (5))Ñ (a) consider advice on the matter from the Senior Salaries Review Body, or (b) where subsection (4) applies, refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body under section 64B(3) of the Police Act 1996 and consider that body's report on the matter. (4) This subsection applies whereÑ (2) 114 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: