and is underpinned by the risk assessment. Its purpose is to ensure that Category 1 responders can perform their functions effectively in an emergency. It supports public awareness work and also shapes arrangements for warning and informing the public. Category 1 and 2 responders must co-operate and share information in fulfilling these duties. 21 s. 4 22 s. 2(5)(h)-(i), Parts 2 and 8 of the Regulations. Figure 1.1: How the seven civil protection duties under the Act and the Regulations fit together 12.34. Provision of advice and assistance to the local business community and voluntary organisations by the local authority is likely to be linked to emergency plans and to draw on risk assessments. (See Chapter 6 paragraphs 6.14 - 6.16 for further information). It will also be supported by co-operation and information sharing with partners. THE ROLE OF THE MINISTER 12.35. In the event that any areas of civil protection arrangements do not address particular hazards or threats to the satisfaction of the Government, the Act permits the appropriate Minister of the Crown to issue new regulations or to 1.1. make an order or issue a direction.23 3, 4, 5, 10, 11, 12 and 13. These powers are discussed in Chapters 12.36. Chapter 13: Support and challenge describes the systems in place which will help the Government to identify whether there are areas where government action needs to be taken. The role of the Minister of the Crown in relation to performance development is also explained within this chapter. 24 What the Act permits 12.37. A Minister of the Crown has certain functions available to him/her by virtue of the Act, which may be exercised, subject in certain cases, to ParliamentÕs approval. 12.38. These are not likely to be used frequently, but may include: • require a responder to perform a function and, derived from that, the power to direct in an urgent situation; • amending the list of Category 1 and Category 2 responders; and • monitor performance. 12.39. Ministers have a range of powers under Part 1 of the Act. Most of these powers relate to the issuing of guidance and Regulations to support the delivery of the main duties under the Act, and are dealt with elsewhere in this guidance. 12.40. This section does not deal with the emergency powers framework under Part 2 of the Act. The extent and exercise of emergency powers is addressed in Emergency Response and Recovery. 12.41. A Minister may amend the Regulations or guidance issued under Part 1 of the Act. The powers to amend the Regulations are broad; the Minister may make any provision about the extent of the duties under sections 2 and 4 and the 1.1. manner in which they are to be performed. Section 2(5) of the act lists a range of provisions which can be included in regulations, Ð but this is not exhaustive. 12.42. A Minister may also require a person or body to perform a function in relation to an emergency.25 For example,