reasonable adjustments to the workplace must form part of the overall assessment for the building. The assessment should be completed by local line management in conjunction with the individual using Form 370, Personal Emergency Evacuation Plan. 4.8 Fire Evacuations Fire evacuation drills will be carried out for all premises at six monthly intervals or more frequent if the fire risk assessment requires it. Custody suites will be tested yearly. The drill will not be announced to staff beforehand, but specific departments may need to be informed e.g. custody. The manager with overall responsibility for the building will keep a record of the drill, time taken to evacuate and areas requiring improvement. Details will be recorded in the fire logbook, any good practice or lessons learned must be also addressed. 4.9 Fire Extinguishers Appropriate fire extinguishers will be in suitable locations within all Wiltshire Police premises. All fire extinguishers will be serviced annually by a competent contractor and checked weekly for obvious physical damage as part of the 6 monthly building inspection process. 4.10 Testing and Maintenance The fire safety equipment within Wiltshire Police premises will be maintained, inspected and recorded in the Fire Logbook as stated below: Item Maintenance Required Frequency By whom Fire Extinguishers Inspection for obvious damage/discharge. Weekly Nominated person Full inspection and service. Yearly Competent Contractor Hose Reels Full inspection and service Yearly Competent Contractor Fire Alarm System Test Weekly Nominated person / Facilities Support Officers Full inspection and service Yearly Competent Contractor. Fire Detection System Full inspection and service Yearly Competent Contractor Emergency Lighting Test Monthly Nominated person. Full inspection and service Six monthly Competent Contractor. Note: Any nominated persons may require in-house training in how to test the fire alarm and emergency lighting systems. The Facilities Department can provide support and guidance. 4.11 Fire Safety Signage Fire action notices will be displayed in all Wiltshire Police premises in locations designated by the fire risk assessment. These must be kept up to date and not be removed or obscured by other notices / information. All Wiltshire Police premises shall be fitted with means of escape signage to the standards set within the Health and Safety (Safety Signs and Signals) Regulations 1996. The signs will be placed and displayed in all Wiltshire Police premises in positions designated by the fire risk assessment. These must not be removed or obscured by other notices / information. 5 Information, Instruction and Training 5.1 Fire Safety Training All police officers, special constables and police staff will receive basic fire safety training via their induction / probationer training and are required to complete the Mandatory College Learn Fire Safety Training and refresher training courses as required. The training will include the following learning points: • Action to be taken on discovery of a fire. • Action to be taken upon hearing the fire alarm. • How to raise the alarm and fire alarm call points. • Correct method of calling the fire brigade. • Escape routes. • Appreciation and importance of fire