4 of Part 2 of the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm (Scotland) Act 2016 (see sections 29 and 36 of that Act). 136ZJ Variation, renewal or discharge of risk of sexual harm order by court in England and Wales (1) This section applies where a risk of sexual harm order has been made in respect of a person who nowÑ (a) is residing in England and Wales, or (b) is in or is intending to come to England and Wales. (2) A person within subsection (3) may by complaint to the appropriate court apply for an order varying, renewing or discharging the order. (3) Those persons areÑ (a) the defendant; (b) the chief officer of police for the area in which the defendant resides; (c) a chief officer of police who believes that the defendant is in, or is intending to come to, that officerÕs police area. (4) Subject to subsections (5) to (10), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and (if they wish to be heard) the other persons mentioned in subsection (3), may make any order varying, (1) 382 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes renewing or discharging the risk of sexual harm order that the court considers appropriate. (5) A risk of sexual harm order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to imposeÑ (a) additional prohibitions on the defendant, or (b) requirements of the kind mentioned in subsection (7) on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose of protecting children generally or any child from physical or psychological harm, caused by the defendant doing acts within section 123(3). (6) A risk of sexual harm order as renewed or varied under this section may contain onlyÑ (a) such prohibitions as are necessary for the purpose mentioned in subsection (5), and (b) such requirements of the kind mentioned in subsection (7) as are necessary for that purpose. (7) A risk of sexual harm order may be renewed or varied under this section so as to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions imposed by the order. (8) Section 122EA (electronic monitoring requirements) applies in relation toÑ (a) the variation under this section of a risk of sexual harm order to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions imposed by the