to ensure that social housing residents are protected from harm caused by poor electrical safety. • Continue to work with the Social Sector (Building Safety) Engagement Best Practice Group and the Building Safety Regulator to ensure resident voices are heard. To know how your landlord is performing If tenants are to be able to hold their landlord to account, they need to know how it is performing and what decisions it is making. This will allow them to challenge their landlord when things are not working as they should, and to compare its performance with that of other social landlords. Chapter 2 sets out how we will: • Create a set of tenant satisfaction measures for landlords on things that matter to tenants. • Introduce a new access to information scheme for social housing tenants of housing associations and other private registered providers of social housing, so that information relating to landlords is easily available. • Ensure landlords provide a clear breakdown of how their income is being spent. • Require landlords to identify a senior person in their organisation who is responsible for ensuring they comply with the consumer standards set by the Regulator of Social Housing. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 11 To have your complaints dealt with promptly and fairly Residents should get swift and effective resolution of complaints. But we heard from some residents that making a complaint can be difficult and take too long Ð and that it can sometimes take months for the complaint to be resolved, or for the resident to be able to access the Housing Ombudsman. Chapter 3 sets out how we have recently: • Acted to speed up access to the Housing Ombudsman by removing (through the Building Safety Bill) the need for residents to either go to a Ôdesignated personÕ or wait eight weeks before approaching the Ombudsman directly. • Expanded the Housing Ombudsman service, and increased its powers, so it will make decisions more quickly and can take stronger action against landlords where needed. Chapter 3 also sets out how we will do more to: • Provide residents with consistency across landlord complaint handling by ensuring landlords self- assess against the Housing OmbudsmanÕs Complaint Handling Code by 31 December 2020. • Ensure tenants know how to raise complaints and have confidence in the system by launching a communications campaign. We will expect landlords, the Housing Ombudsman and the Building Safety Regulator to ensure residents have clear and up to date information on how to complain. • Legislate to ensure clear co-operation between the Housing Ombudsman and the Regulator of Social Housing to hold landlords to account more effectively when things go wrong. • Make landlords more accountable for their actions by publicising the details of cases determined and published by the Housing Ombudsman. To be treated fairly and with respect, backed by a strong consumer regulator for tenants Transformation of consumer regulation is needed to further drive the right behaviours and hold