local authority issues a notice to the defaulterÑ (a) giving details of the work that was carried out, and (b) specifying an amount that is no more than the cost to the authority of having the work carried out, the defaulter is liable to the authority for that amount (subject to the outcome of any appeal under subsection (7)). (7) A person issued with a notice under subsection (6) may appeal to a magistrates' court, within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the notice was issued, on the ground that the amount specified under subsection (6)(b) is excessive. (8) A magistrates' court hearing an appeal under subsection (7) mustÑ (a) confirm the amount, or (b) substitute a lower amount. (a) 26 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (9) In this section Òthe relevant local authorityÓ meansÑ (a) the local authority that issued the community protection notice; (b) if the community protection notice was not issued by a local authority, the local authority (or, as the case may be, one of the local authorities) that could have issued it. 48 Offence of failing to comply with notice (1) A person issued with a community protection notice who fails to comply with it commits an offence. (2) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale, in the case of an individual; (b) to [F4a fine], in the case of a body. (3) A person does not commit an offence under this section ifÑ (a) the person took all reasonable steps to comply with the notice, or (b) there is some other reasonable excuse for the failure to comply with it. 49 Remedial orders (1) A court before which a person is convicted of an offence under section 48 in respect of a community protection notice may make whatever order the court thinks appropriate for ensuring that what the notice requires to be done is done. (2) An order under this section may in particular require the defendantÑ (a) to carry out specified work, or (b) to allow specified work to be carried out by or on behalf of a specified local authority. (3) To be specified under subsection (2)(b) a local authority must beÑ (a) the local authority that issued the community protection notice; (b) if the community protection notice was not issued by a local authority,