the Information and Communication sector were most likely to be currently using this type of AI (54%). Businesses in Human Health and Social Work Activities were more likely than businesses overall to be currently using computer vision, image processing and generation (42% compared to 25% overall). Businesses in this sector were also more likely to be currently using hardware related to AI (19% compared to 9% overall). The use of robotic process automation was significantly higher among large businesses (23% compared to 8% overall). Figure 4.1 Use of AI technologies Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question B1. For the following Artificial Intelligence technologies, please could you tell me whether your organisation is currently using it (including piloting), not currently but have plans to adopt in the future, or has no plans to use it. Base: All (350) Of the businesses currently using AI, 64% were deploying one type of AI technology, 22% were using two types of AI, and 14% were using three or more. Meanwhile, among businesses planning to adopt AI in the future, 43% planned to introduce one type of AI, 26% planned to introduce two types of AI and 31% planned to introduce three or more. Figure 4.2 Number of AI technologies businesses use or plan to use Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Count of AI technologies from B1. Base: Those currently using AI (239) and Those not using AI but plan to in the future (111) Those currently using AI were asked what specific AI products they were using. The most common product was ChatGPT (38%) followed by: 15% - AI with hardware and physical products; 8% - AI tools within Microsoft office (exc. co-pilot); 5% - Microsoft Co-pilot; 5% - Gemini (formerly Google Bard); 5% - Sage; 4% - AI tool within Adobe creative suite; and 3% - Xero. The remaining AI products currently used were mentioned by 2% of businesses or less. Where there were single mentions of products, these remained categorised as ÒotherÓ in the dataset. 9% of businesses currently deploying AI were unable to name the specific product. Length of time using AI least one year. Over half of businesses (52%) using AI within machine learning have been doing so for over 3 years. Figure 4.3 Length of time using each AI technology Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Caution * denotes low base size. Question B2. Please could you tell me whether your organisation is currently piloting the following technology, has used for 1-3 years, or has used for over 3 years. Base: Those currently using AI (239); RPA (27) *, machine learning (94), Hardware related to AI (32) *, Computer vision/ image processing and generation (88) and Natural language processing and generation (132). Among those who have not yet deployed AI but have plans to do so, they most commonly planned to do this in more than a yearÕs time. This is true across the different AI technologies, as shown in Figure 4.4. Natural language processing and generation (18%) and computer