and Bite Guard Procedure TASER X2 Standard Operating Procedure TASER X26 Standard Operating Procedure Dogs Standard Operating Procedure Firearms Standard Operating Procedures AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Operations Public Order Armed Policing > Use of Force National Decision Model Detention and Custody > Risk Assessment > 3.7 Acute Behavioural Disorder DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW This policy will be reviewed every two years in the light of any national policy or procedural change or due to changes to law or Force strategy or at such other times as may become necessary. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of HQ Operations and Contact Management is responsible for this policy. All queries relating to this policy should be directed to the Head HQ Operations and Contact Management or the Force Policy Officer. Appendix A Adding a Use of Force form where offenders details are unknown When adding a Use of force form for an unknown offender, either open the Pre-Planned event: (e.g. Football match) occurrence or for Non Planned events: an occurrence must be created by one of the officers involved. Create person record as per the Niche Data Quality Minimum standards for Unknown Suspect. Please see Niche RMS Minimum Data Quality Standards for full details. Link the created person record to the occurrence. Then open the person record within the occurrence and go to the occurrence events/reports. Right click in the grey area, click New, then scroll and find the Use of Force report and click on it, this will bring up the report for you to complete. Once this has been completed then go back to the occurrence scroll along the tabs to the Events tab, right click in the grey area and click on New occurrence retention assessment. Which will bring up this box. Then complete the Outcome severity by selecting Group 3, add the date of the Use of force form in the Assessment time and enter Use of force in the Remarks box as below. Ensure that you have added yourself as the OIC in the current officer tab, or the officer that has completed the form. Then close. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: HQ Operations and Contact Management Policy Owner/Author: Supt. Gavin WILLIAMS / Insp. Martyn SWEET Technical Author: Andrew IRVING / Graham McLAUGHLIN Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Local Policing and Partnerships Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 19.09.2022 1.0 Schedule review. No changes required. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 18.03.2020 1.0 Chief Constable 17.03.2020 1.0 JNCC (Not required for all policies) By email March 2020 1.0 Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of