A new risk-based programme of routine inspections. This will prioritise those providers that the desk top review has identified as high risk and will seek assurance about those landlordsÕ compliance with the consumer standards. The regulator may inspect landlords at any time and could take account of a number of factors in deciding which landlord it will investigate. This might include: • Concerns highlighted in the desk-top study, or other information which comes to the regulatorÕs attention. • Any concerns about potential non-compliance with consumer standards arising from the regulatorÕs economic regulation of providers. • The size of the organisation (given the scale of impacts in the largest providers). • Providers that house the most vulnerable tenants e.g. registered providers of specialised supported housing. We expect the regulator to aim to routinely inspect those landlords with over 1,000 homes every four years and make it clear when it is reassured of a landlordÕs compliance with its standards. 3. Reactive investigations and/or inspections. Such activities could take two forms: • Where specific issues arise that need to be dealt with at a faster pace and outside the planned programme of inspections. • Focused inspections to examine assurance of one or more landlordÕs compliance in delivering a specific service to tenants. Where there is a clear case of non-compliance following a routine or reactive inspection, the regulator will publish the outcome of its inspection and take appropriate enforcement action. In the case of breaches by housing associations and other private registered providers, the regulator may go further and seek assurance about the adequacy of the governance arrangements. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 37 ÒThrough consultation following the social housing Green Paper and the Call for Evidence we heard strong support for a more proactive approach to consumer regulation to achieve parity with economic regulation.Ó 38 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 58. We also heard from both tenants and landlords that they would like the regulator to be clearer in its expectations of landlords. To deliver this, we will legislate to give the Regulator of Social Housing a power to publish a Code of Practice on the consumer standards alongside its existing ability to prepare Codes of Practice for economic standards. The Regulator of Social Housing will review all its consumer standards to ensure they remain up-to-date and deliver its statutory objectives. As part of its review we will expect the Regulator of Social Housing to make it clear that landlords should have a policy setting out how they should tackle issues surrounding domestic abuse, working with other agencies as appropriate; and to require landlords to show how they have sought out and considered ways to improve tenant engagement. Putting safety at the heart of social housing regulation 59. As we have made clear throughout this White Paper, the safety of tenants is paramount and should be the primary concern of all landlords. Specialist health and safety bodies, such as the