managed locally by the relevant Senior Management Team. It is the responsibility of all executive leads, heads of departments and business area leads to ensure they manage the risks residing within their own areas of authority and to provide regular updates for the relevant entries on the Corporate Risk Register and Local Risk Register. Executive leads should take ownership and provide support for their risks before they are escalated through the Force governance structure. The current Force and OPCC RISK APPETITE is 30. To reach this score suggests there are exceptional concerns (i.e. a score of at least 4 or above for Likelihood, Controls or Impact, such as L3 x C4 x I3 = RR36). Please see figure 1 below. Where a risk on a Local Risk Register reaches or exceeds a score of 30 this must be escalated to the Chief Officer Lead for that risk for them to decide whether or not the risk should be escalated to the Corporate Risk Register. Factors to consider when making that decision include whether or not the risk is likely to impact on the ForceÕs medium to long-term goals and objectives, and whether or not mitigation can be controlled locally or requires Force wide support. The Chief Officer Lead may determine that despite the score of 30+, the risk does not need to be escalated to the Corporate Risk Register. This process should be undertaken via liaison with Continuous Improvement Team and Business Planning Leader , and an update will be provided to the monthly COG risk review. Taking into account the current Force Risk Appetite of 30, this should be used as an aspirational benchmark for all risks in Force. However, it is imperative that there is an understanding that accepting and retaining a level of risk (even if it is significant), providing it is being managed, is appropriate and healthy. It is inappropriate and dangerous to manipulate assessment scores to suit the Force aspiration. Figure 1: When identifying new risks consideration needs to be given to the nature of the risk, i.e. is the risk Inherent or Topical. Inherent risks are those that pose a future risk to the organisation, but it is not clear what or when the risk might occur. Topical risks are where the risk is known and needs to be managed proactively (issues). Both types of risks will be managed through the same risk register. Effective Risk Management leads to better policing and overall organisational excellence. This Policy should be used to inform and guide decision making, before the decision has been finalised. Assessing the risks of each option within the decision making process will result, not only in a better decision, but a more informed one where Chief Officers and management will be aware of the risks they are exposed to. The practical guide on how to manage and grade risks can be found through the Risk Management Practical Guide. POLICY AIM. It is a principle of Wiltshire Police to adopt a pro-active approach