of victims and the approaches required across different tenures, including social and private renting, and privately owned, to identify how they can be part of an effective response. Homelessness and domestic abuse victims’ priority need for accommodation Many victims of domestic abuse must leave their homes and the area where they live to escape abuse. Victims who are homeless as a result of domestic abuse have priority need for accommodation. This means local housing authorities have a duty to secure accommodation for victims of domestic abuse if they are homeless through no fault of their own and eligible for assistance. The accommodation provided must be suitable in relation to the applicant and to all members of their household who normally reside with them, or who might reasonably be expected to reside with them. The Homelessness Code of Guidance for Local Authorities170 states that in formulating their homelessness strategies, housing authorities should consider the particular needs that victims of domestic abuse have for safe accommodation, this could include implementing a reciprocal agreement with other housing authorities and providers to facilitate out of area moves for victims of domestic abuse. There are a number of potential accommodation options for victims of domestic abuse, and housing authorities will need to consider which are most appropriate for each person on a case- by-case basis, taking into account their circumstances and needs. Housing authorities should consider whether mixed sex accommodation is appropriate and seek to provide single sex accommodation where this is required. Some women may feel safer in single sex accommodation. The Equality Act 2010 allows for the provision of separate or single sex services in certain circumstances. Limiting a service on the basis of sex (and in certain circumstances gender reassignment) must be a proportionate means of achieving a legitimate aim. The Equality and Human Rights Commission acknowledges that a legitimate aim could be for reasons of privacy, decency, to ensure health and safety or to prevent trauma. An example of this could include imposing such limitations on access by males, or by a transgender person whether or not they have a Gender Recognition Certificate, to a domestic abuse refuge offering emergency accommodation to female victims. For full details see the guidance Separate and single-sex service providers: a guide on the Equality Act sex and gender reassignment provisions. It is important that victims have spaces where they feel safe and can be provided with trauma-informed support. Safe accommodation settings such as domestic abuse 170 In Wales, refer to Part 2 of the Housing (Wales) Act 2014. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance refuges should be single sex171, secure and dedicated to supporting victims of domestic abuse. The approach to the services and support commissioned should consider the particular needs of all victims in the area and authorities must consider their Public Sector Equality Duty under the Equality Act 2010. All support within safe accommodation should be delivered by knowledgeable and/or experienced specialist providers, charities, and other voluntary organisations whose purpose is to provide