injunction. 4 Power of arrest (1) A court granting an injunction under section 1 may attach a power of arrest to a prohibition or requirement of the injunction if the court thinks thatÑ (a) the anti-social behaviour in which the respondent has engaged or threatens to engage consists of or includes the use or threatened use of violence against other persons, or (b) there is a significant risk of harm to other persons from the respondent. ÒRequirementÓ here does not include one that has the effect of requiring the respondent to participate in particular activities. (2) If the court attaches a power of arrest, the injunction may specify a period for which the power is to have effect which is shorter than that of the prohibition or requirement to which it relates. Applications for injunctions 5 Applications for injunctions (1) An injunction under section 1 may be granted only on the application ofÑ (a) a local authority, (b) a housing provider, (c) the chief officer of police for a police area, (d) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force, (e) Transport for London, (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 5 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F1(ea) Transport for Greater Manchester,] (f) the Environment Agency, (g) the Natural Resources Body for Wales, (h) the Secretary of State exercising security management functions, or a Special Health Authority exercising security management functions on the direction of the Secretary of State, or (i) the Welsh Ministers exercising security management functions, or a person or body exercising security management functions on the direction of the Welsh Ministers or under arrangements made between the Welsh Ministers and that person or body. (2) In subsection (1) Òsecurity management functionsÓ meansÑ (a) the Secretary of State's security management functions within the meaning given by section 195(3) of the National Health Service Act 2006; (b) the functions of the Welsh Ministers corresponding to those functions. (3) A housing provider may make an application only if the application concerns anti- social behaviour that directly or indirectly relates to or affects its housing management functions. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3) the housing management functions of a housing provider includeÑ (a) functions conferred by or under an enactment; (b) the powers and duties of the housing provider as the holder of an estate or interest in housing accommodation. (5) The Secretary of State may by orderÑ (a) amend this section; (b) amend section 20 in relation to expressions used in this section. 6 Applications without notice (1)