or section 322 of the Sentencing Code. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 137 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (10) For the purposes of subsection (4), an application for a minimum term review is determinedÑ (a) when the court makes a reduction order or a decision confirming the minimum term (see section 27B), or (b) in a case where the application is not referred to the court, when the Secretary of State gives the relevant young offender notice in relation to the application under subsection (6). (11) There is no right for any person who is serving a DHMP sentence to request a review of the minimum term other than that conferred by this section. 27B Power of High Court to reduce minimum term (1) This section applies where the Secretary of State refers an application for a minimum term review made by a relevant young offender under section 27A to the High Court. (2) The court mayÑ (a) make a reduction order in relation to relevant young offender, or (b) confirm the minimum term in respect of the offenderÕs DHMP sentence, and a decision of the court under this subsection is final. (3) A reduction order is an order that the relevant young offenderÕs minimum term is to be reduced to such part of the offenderÕs DHMP sentence as the court considers appropriate and is specified in the reduction order. (4) In deciding whether to make a reduction order, the court must, in particular, take into account any evidenceÑ (a) that the relevant young offenderÕs rehabilitation has been exceptional; (b) that the continued detention or imprisonment of the offender for the remainder of the minimum term is likely to give rise to a serious risk to the welfare or continued rehabilitation of the offender which cannot be eliminated or mitigated to a significant degree. (5) In this section ÒDHMP sentenceÓ, Òminimum termÓ and Òrelevant young offenderÓ have the same meaning as in section 27A.Ó (2) In section 28 of that Act (duty to release certain life prisoners), in subsection (1A), for the words from Òthe part ofÓ to the end substituteÑ Ò(a) the part of the sentence specified in the minimum term order, or (b) in a case where one or more reduction orders has been made in relation to the prisoner (see section 27B), the part of the sentence specified in the most recent of those orders.Ó (3) A pre-commencement applicationÑ (a) is to be treated for the purposes of subsection