issues that are not inherently traditional police business (Hill and Paynich, 2014). However, this is based on results from dated or non-British based studies. Furthermore, although it appears that some repeat callers hold specific traits, these are only loosely speculated at this stage. There are two key objectives to this research; (i) To give an overview of where the highest public demand for police resources in Lancashire ConstabularyÕs Central Division has come from; and (ii) To profile the most demanding addresses in this area in order to understand why these particular households/families have such a high demand for police services. Through increased understanding of who constitutes the main consumers of police resources and the reasons behind why there is such a demand from certain addresses, the police and their partner agencies will be more informed to better manage these high resource consumers, thus reducing the demand on the force (College of Policing, 2015). Methodology Data and Research Approach Lancashire Constabulary commissioned this research to identify and understand the demand profile across their Central Division. Lancashire County has an estimated population of nearly 1.5 million with a rich diversity of communities, and Lancashire Constabulary covers 2,000 square miles and has 2889 Police officers and 1920 Police staff (Lancashire Constabulary, 2016). For this purpose, data was obtained from Lancashire Constabulary data warehouses. Raw data was extracted from Command and Control using a search criteria of all calls for service within the Central Division over the year of 2013 (01/01/13 Ð 31/12/13). This search resulted in 63,430 records being attained. These were then compiled into addresses and ordered according to the number of records for each address so that the top users could be identified. The top ten addresses for residential properties were compiled as were non-residential addresses within the following categories (see Table I). The second stage of data collection involved obtaining the details of those who were associated with the top ten residential addresses. [Table I. Property categories] Analysis Descriptive results were calculated and analysed using total counts (n), percentages and appropriate measures of central tendency. Firstly, the top ten consumers within each of the five categories (see Table I) were examined in terms of; (i) incident classifications (see Table II), (ii) the time frames these are occurring, and (iii) the response codes that were allocated to these incidents (see Table III). [Table II. Incident classifications and descriptions] [Table III. Response code grades and descriptions] Lastly, a content analysis was conducted on residential household and family characteristics. The profiling of residential addresses considered their local profiles to obtain key characteristics and warning markers. Individual incident logs were also examined to gain an understanding about the reasons why there was such demand from each address during the year. Results / Findings The top ten statutory bodies have the most incidents calling for police service (30%) compared with the top ten in the other address categories. This is followed by those in the retail category (24%) and nightlife (18%), with young peopleÕs services