validated through exercising. LFEPA will design and deliver an annual programme of exercises to test these arrangements. This programme will include both local authority-only exercises, and multi-agency exercises in which local authority activities are engaged. 9.7. LFEPA is funded separately for this work, with funding top-sliced from London local authorities. 9.8. London boroughs will retain responsibility for discharging all other duties under the Act. However, LFEPA will continue to make an informal input into wider planning work within the framework of multi-agency co-operation. Should boroughs so wish, they may negotiate to delegate further functions to LFEPA. 9.9. In discharging its responsibilities as set out above, LFEPA will also need to work closely with those Category 1 responders that are not local authorities. This has long been a matter of standard practice in London, but the Regulations reinforce this point by requiring co-operation between Category 1 responders and LFEPA at the latterÕs request.3 This obligation is limited to that co-operation necessary for LFEPA to carry out its own obligations in relation to co-ordination of pan-London local authority planning. 9.1. Sub-groups of the Local Resilience Forum 9.10. Apart from the Chief Officer Group and the maintenance of BRFs, the London LRFÕs make up will be determined by the Category 1 responders represented at the LRF, as set out in chapter 2. The LRF will determine which sub-groups are required for their particular area. 9.11. While the Regulations set out that the London LRF must include, in relation to each borough, a BRF held once every six months, they do not specify which responders must attend them as they do for the LRF. Category 1 responders at the London LRF must therefore review and recommend which Category 1 responders should form the core membership for each BRF. As a group of the LRF all responders must consider whether to attend the BRF for any borough in which they exercise functions. In making this decision, those responders that have been identified by the London LRF as appropriate to form the core membership of a particular BRF must take this recommendation into account. 9.12. Given its unique makeup and LondonÕs role as the capital city, the London LRF will need to maintain a tier of multi-borough sub-groups of the LRF. These will consist of groups of boroughs, drawn up to reflect existing mutual aid groupings. This will assist emergency planning at the local level, bringing together those boroughs with particular issues and bridging the gap between the local level and the pan-London level. Previously these Òsub-regionalÓ LRFs have been set out in Regulation and therefore some groupings are already in place. The Category 1 members of the LRF will review and agree the groupings. 9.1. 9.13. The new Regulations create a pan-London LRF, which includes Borough Resilience Forums, and this statutory guidance sets out the need for multi-borough LRFs as sub-groups of the London LRF. This creates a three tier structure to emergency planning in London, with each tier having a very specific role to