2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) in the case of a sexual risk order, the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, England and Wales, or (ii) in the case of a risk of sexual harm order, the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, Northern Ireland. (6) A sexual risk order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public in Scotland, or any particular members of the public in Scotland, from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (7) A sexual risk order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (8) A risk of sexual harm order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose of protecting children generally or any child from physical or psychological harm from the defendant doing acts within section 123(3). (9) A risk of sexual harm order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions as are necessary for the purpose mentioned in subsection (8). (10) The court must not discharge a relevant order before the end of 2 years beginning with the day on which the order was made without the consent of the defendant and the chief constable. (11) The defendant may appeal against the making of an order under this section, or the refusal to make such an order, as if it were a decision constituting final judgment in civil proceedings within the meaning of the Courts Reform (Scotland) Act 2014 (asp 18). (12) In this sectionÑ Òthe appropriate sheriffÓ meansÑ (a) in any case, a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the defendant resides, or (b) in a case where the application is made by the chief constableÑ (i) a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the defendant is believed by the chief constable to be, or (ii) a sheriff to whose sheriffdom the defendant is believed by the chief constable to be intending to come; Òthe chief constableÓ means the chief constable of the Police Service of Scotland; 372 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of