certificate control except for dealers (see Chapter 2). With regard to air weapons the pressure bearing parts are the barrel, cylinder or reservoir and the piston. Buddy bottles used for filling the reservoir of pre-charged pneumatic air weapons are not considered to be components. With modern developments in firearms design many modular systems have come onto the market. A modular rifle can be easily changed to other cartridges by fitting interchangeable barrels and/or bolt components to the action. Each new barrel and/or bolt component will require a variation as they are relevant component parts. Sound Moderators 12.77 Sound moderators are subject to certificate control under section 57(1) of the 1968 Act as an accessory Òdesigned or adapted to diminish the noise or flash caused by firingÓ a firearm. Sound moderators are often used when shooting game, deer, or vermin. In the case of the latter, they might facilitate more effective or less intrusive pest control. They are appropriate for reducing hearing damage to the shooter, or to reduce noise nuisance, for example, for deer control in urban parks, or close to residential properties, to avoid disturbing other sensitive species (especially during the breeding season) or to reduce recoil of the rifle. ÒGood reasonÓ to possess a rifle for shooting game, vermin or deer should normally imply Ògood reasonÓ to possess a sound moderator. It should be noted that sound moderators on air weapons or section 2 shot guns are not considered to be component parts. Chief officers of police should also be aware of the case of Broome v Walter (1989) where it was found that an integral sound moderator, that is one that is part of the firearm, does not require separate authorisation. Whilst sound moderators for air weapons are not subject to certificate control they will need to be accounted for in dealers registers when they are in the dealers stock. 12.78 Some target shooting events where fire and movement is conducted on field firing ranges may require the use of sound moderators, for example, where hearing protection may impede the shooter and where voice commands need to be heard or given by the shooter for safety and continuity. 12.79 Sound moderators should be assigned a calibre, but it is good practice to permit them to be used with more than one calibre of firearm. It is a matter for the individual shooter, subject to the Ògood reasonÓ test, to decide whether to use a 111 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law moderator on more than one suitable firearm or to have individual moderators for each firearm. 12.80 Section 11A of the 1968 Act sets out circumstances in which a rifle or shot gun may be borrowed. It should be accepted that where the lenderÕs certificate authorises the possession of a sound moderator, the act of lending the rifle to another person (the borrower) includes the lending of the sound moderator that may be fitted to it. Firearms for personal protection 12.81 Applications for the grant of a firearm