working together. We will go further by expecting the Regulator of Social Housing to prepare a Memorandum of Understanding with the Health and Safety Executive, once the Building Safety Regulator is created, to underpin provisions in the Building Safety Bill as necessary to ensure that they can share information effectively. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 39 Making social landlords more transparent and accountable 63. We have been clear how greater transparency is essential so that tenants are able to hold their landlord to account. The regulatory regime plays a key role in making this happen. 64. Landlords are already required to provide their tenants with certain information. We want to see a culture change that ensures landlords are more open with their tenants. This will enable tenants to hold their landlords to account, and also to monitor and compare their landlordÕs performance. The failure of some landlords to share information in a clear, consistent way not only deprives tenants of the ability to assess how their landlord is performing. It can also undermine the tenantÕs trust in what their landlord is saying. 65. To deliver this outcome, we will make a number of changes through the regulatory regime: • We will legislate to add transparency to the Regulator of Social HousingÕs consumer regulation objective. • Landlords will be required to report on a number of tenant satisfaction measures on things that matter to tenants (see paragraphs 15-18 above, and Box A: Draft Tenant Satisfaction Measures). We will expect the regulator to develop a process for collecting and publishing these tenant satisfaction measures in a consistent way that is comparable across landlords. The tenant satisfaction measures will give people living in social housing information about how their landlord is performing and support the regulatorÕs monitoring of landlordsÕ performance. • We expect the Regulator of Social Housing to require all landlords to identify a Ôresponsible personÕ who will ensure that the organisation is complying with consumer standards so that tenants know who is responsible for ensuring compliance with the regulatorÕs consumer standards (see paragraphs 25). • We will ensure the new access to information scheme for social housing tenants of housing associations and other private registered providers is placed on a regulatory footing (see paragraphs 20-22). This will ensure that tenants can access key information on issues that matter to them in a timely manner, unless there is good reason for this information not to be provided. Strengthening the regulatorÕs powers to enforce 66. The regulator currently has a range of powers on enforcement and has published guidance on how it will regulate to ensure landlords comply with its regulatory standards. To date the regulator has used its formal enforcement powers infrequently for breaches of the consumer standards. Often the threat of taking action is sufficient to drive change without needing to take formal action. 67. Removal of the Ôserious detriment testÕ, combined with a more proactive approach to consumer regulation, will remove barriers to the