must hold the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to account for the exercise ofÑ (a) the functions of the Commissioner, and (b) the functions of persons under the direction and control of the Commissioner. (8) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must, in particular, hold the Commissioner to account forÑ (a) the exercise of the duty imposed by section 8(4) (duty to have regard to police and crime plan); (b) the exercise of the duty under section 37A(2) of the Police Act 1996 (duty to have regard to strategic policing requirement); (c) the exercise of the duty imposed by section 39A(7) of the Police Act 1996 (duty to have regard to codes of practice issued by Secretary of State); [F5(ca) the exercise of the CommissionerÕs functions under Part 2 of the Police Reform Act 2002 in relation to the handling of complaints;] (d) the effectiveness and efficiency of the Commissioner's arrangements for co- operating with other persons in the exercise of the Commissioner's functions (whether under section 22A of the Police Act 1996 or otherwise); (e) the effectiveness and efficiency of the Commissioner's arrangements under section 34 (engagement with local people); (f) the extent to which the Commissioner has complied with section 35 (value for money); (g) the exercise of duties relating to equality and diversity imposed on the Commissioner by any enactment; (h) the exercise of duties in relation to the safeguarding of children and the promotion of child welfare that are imposed on the Commissioner by sections 10 and 11 of the Children Act 2004. (9) In section 424 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999 (interpretation), in subsection (1), in the definition of Òfunctional bodyÓ, for paragraph (c) substituteÑ Ò(c) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; orÓ. (10) In this section, references to the Mayor of London include references to a person who is, by virtue of Schedule 4 to the Greater London Authority Act 1999 (exercise of functions of Mayor during vacancy or incapacity), treated as if the person were the Mayor of London. (11) Where such a person is the occupant for the time being of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, references in this section to the relevant mayoral term are references to the period for which the person is treated as if the person were the Mayor of London. (12) The Metropolitan Police Authority is abolished. (13) Schedule 3 (Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime) has effect. (1) 6 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 4 Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (1) There is to be a corporation sole with the name Òthe Commissioner of Police of the MetropolisÓ. (2) The