under the coronerÕs authority as well as the policeÕs. The SIO should also consider (in consultation with the forensic pathologist and Crown Prosecution Service (ÔCPSÕ)) whether an image or histological samples would be sufficient when deciding whether to retain human tissue during the police investigation and for subsequent trial and potential appeal purposes. Documentation A single list of all material retained at the post mortem examination should be produced and a copy provided to the SIO, forensic pathologist and the coroner. The list should specify under what authority the material was taken (i.e. the coronerÕs authority or the policeÕs authority). This single list must be updated if material is returned to the body or to the next of kin or personal representative/s of the deceased; sent for further examination; or returned to the coroner for disposal. It should act as a comprehensive history detailing the continuity of material, which is easily auditable and from which the provenance of the material can be clearly ascertained. This principle also applies to material taken at any subsequent post mortem examination(s) - for instance a second or ÔdefenceÕ post mortem. Retention and continuity of human tissue material (within the UK) Like any other property seized as part of a criminal investigation, material retained must be kept in secure storage and under suitable conditions (the pathologist will advise on this). The location of material must be properly recorded, indexed and easily accessible. On occasions, human tissue material may be submitted for specialist examination and will be out of direct police control; the SIO must therefore ensure that the specialists who handle the exhibit maintain its integrity and continuity by fully documenting the receipt, storage and disposal of the tissue. The police must maintain a system of tracking the location and storage of human tissue, and the holding institution (for instance the mortuary or hospital laboratory) must be informed of any instructions relating to its retention or disposal - taking into consideration the wishes of the next of kin and the deceasedÕs personal representative/s. Consultation with the pathologist The SIO should consult with the pathologist regarding any aspect of the investigation that may have a bearing on the continued retention or disposal of human tissue. This will ensure that tissue that is no longer required can be respectfully disposed of in a timely manner and conversely that police only retain tissue that is required for investigation purposes. Consulting with the pathologist in this way will provide the SIO with confidence that human tissue is not being retained unnecessarily (see ÔDisposal of Human Tissue Material below). Nevertheless, the final decision as to disposal rests with the SIO. Examination of samples by a second (defence) pathologist On occasions, samples are sent by the forensic pathologist conducting the initial post mortem, to a second forensic pathologist acting for the defence. In such cases, the first forensic pathologist should seek permission from the SIO to do this, and mechanisms should be put in place to ensure that such samples are