specified in the Deer (Firearms etc) (Scotland) Order 1985): i. For shooting deer of any species, a single non-spherical projectile weighing not less than 380 grains (24.62 grams); or ii. For shooting deer of any species, a cartridge purporting to contain not less than 550 grains (35.64 grams) of shot, none of which is less than 0.268 inches (6.81 millimetres) in diameter, that is to say size SSG or larger; or iii. For shooting roe deer, a cartridge purporting to contain not less than 450 grains (29.16 grams) of shot, none of which is less than 0.203 inches (6.81 millimetres) in diameter, that is to say size AAA or larger. and used for the purpose of taking or killing any deer found on any arable land, garden grounds or land laid down in permanent grass (other than moorland and unenclosed land) and forming part of that land or on enclosed woodland, as the case may be. Section 26(2) of the 1996 Act makes provision as to who may use a shot gun to kill deer. This is the occupier suffering damage to those interests outlined above and, if duly authorised in writing by the occupier suffering damage for the purpose, any or all of: i. the owner in person. ii. the ownerﾃ不 employees. 119 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law iii. the occupierﾃ不 employees, or any other person normally resident, on the land. iv. any other person approved in writing by Scottish Natural Heritage as a fit and competent person for the purpose. 13.16 Occupiers may control deer over agricultural land or enclosed woodland in season under section 26(1) of the Deer (Scotland) Act 1996 (as amended). Out of season control may be carried out under general or specific authorisation obtained from NatureScot. 13.17 All control of deer out of season must be authorised by NatureScot. Authorisations granted may be general or specific in nature. 13.18 A general authorisation allows for owners and occupiers suffering damage to improved agricultural land or enclosed woodland to cull deer for the purpose of preventing damage. General authorisation does not allow the culling of female deer over one year old of any species between the period of the 1 April and the 31 August. The owner, ownerﾃ不 employees, the occupierﾃ不 employees or any other person normally resident on the land can carry out control under any general authorisation on enclosed woodland and improved agricultural land without the need to be on the NatureScot fit and competent register. 13.19 Those operating under a general authorisation must have read and understood the general authorisation and carry out any control in accordance with the conditions listed on the authorisation. This general authorisation and its conditions are subject to yearly review and a current copy may be found at NatureScot's website. 13.20 Specific authorisations may be sought for the control of deer to prevent damage to unenclosed woodland or natural heritage, to protect public safety, or for scientific purposes. In addition, specific authorisation must be sought for the control