dialogue between criminal justice agencies and organisations offering support to women affected by FGM to share information and best practice, and to identify areas for joint working. The forum resulted in the development of good practice in investigation of reports of FGM. Ongoing dialogue between the agencies, and their communities, helped to ensure that local practice and policy across the North East were developed to take into account the needs of victims and communities, and that victims could be supported through the criminal justice system. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 35 4.7. Information Sharing When dealing with FGM, organisations and professionals should continue to have regard to their wider responsibilities in relation to the handling and sharing of information. To safeguard children and vulnerable adults in line with relevant statutory requirements and guidance, it may be necessary to share information with other agencies or departments. To ensure effective safeguarding arrangements: • all organisations should have arrangements in place which set out clearly the processes and the principles for sharing information between each other, with other professionals and with the LSCB or regional Safeguarding Boards in Wales; and • no professional should assume that someone else will pass on information which they think may be critical to keeping a child or vulnerable adult safe. If a professional has concerns about an individualÕs welfare and believes they are suffering or likely to suffer harm, then they should share the information with the relevant local authority childrenÕs or adultÕs social care. Chief executives and professionals working in healthcare in England should have due regard to the FGM Enhanced Dataset Information Standard (SCCI2026)49 which instructs all clinicians on how and what to record in health records when a patient with FGM is identified, including additional details for example the type of FGM. The standard also instructs upon standardised information sharing protocols to support safeguarding against FGM. The FGM Enhanced Dataset Information Standard also instructs NHS acute and mental health trusts and GP practices on how they should submit data about patients who have FGM to NHS Digital. NHS Digital collect and publish anonymised statistics on behalf of the Department of Health and Social Care and NHS England and NHS Improvement. The information is used nationally and locally to improve the NHS response to FGM and to help commission the services to support women who have experienced FGM and safeguard women and girls at risk of FGM. Please see the new National FGM Support Clinics as an example of this: https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/female-genital-mutilation-fgm/national-fgm-support- clinics/ It is important to note that the personal information held and collected under the FGM Enhanced Dataset Information Standard is not released to anyone outside of NHS Digital. If these arrangements were to change, any information which was held prior to such a change would continue to be protected under the current arrangements. 49 https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/clinical-audits-and-registries/female-genital-mutilation-datasets 36 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation Guidance on the recording of FGM and the FGM Enhanced dataset standard is available at https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/information-