provide you with information about the offender and their progress in prison, and if/when they become eligible for consideration of parole or release. Where applicable, you also have the Right to make a new Victim Personal Statement, in which you can say how the crime continues to affect you. To make a complaint about your Rights not being met If you believe that you have not received your Rights, you have the Right to make a complaint to the relevant service provider. If you remain unhappy, you can contact the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman. Introduction What is the VictimsÕ Code? The Code of Practice for Victims of Crime1 (VictimsÕ Code) sets out the services and a minimum standard for these services that must be provided to victims of crime by organisations (referred to as service providers) in England and Wales. Who is a ÔvictimÕ under this Code? This Code acknowledges that the terms ÔcomplainantÕ and ÔsurvivorÕ are often used in the criminal justice system to describe a person who has made a criminal allegation to the police. However, for the purpose of this Code, the definition of a ÔvictimÕ is: ? a person2 who has suffered harm, including physical, mental or emotional harm or economic loss which was directly caused by a criminal offence;3 ? a close relative4 (or a nominated family spokesperson) of a person whose death was directly caused by a criminal offence. You can also receive Rights under this Code if you are: ? a parent or guardian of the victim if the victim is under 18 years of age;5 or ? a nominated family spokesperson if the victim has a mental impairment or has been so badly injured because of a criminal offence that they are unable to communicate or lacks the capacity to do so. All service providers must have the victimÕs best interests as their primary consideration and take the victimÕs age, maturity, views, needs and concerns fully into account. Which Rights will apply to you? Which Rights apply to you will depend on whether the crime is reported to the police, if the case goes to court, and whether the defendant is convicted, as well as your personal needs and circumstances. Rights 1, 4 and 12 apply to all victims. The remaining Rights only apply where a crime has been reported to the police. The relevant service provider will tell you which Rights apply to you. 1 The VictimsÕ Code is issued by the Secretary of State for Justice under section 32 of the Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004. 2 Legal persons (e.g. businesses or other enterprises such as charities) are not included within the definition of a victim. However, businesses and other enterprises such as charities can receive the services in this Code and make an impact statement where a criminal offence has been committed against them, subject to provision of a named point of contact to the relevant service provider. More information about how to make an Impact