does not apply in relation toÑ (a) any such notice issued or order made before the commencement day; (b) anything done in connection with any such notice or order. (2) The notices areÑ (a) a notice issued under section 1 of the Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003; (b) a notice issued under section 11A of that Act. (3) The orders areÑ (a) an order made under section 2 of the Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003; (b) an order made under section 11B of that Act; (c) an order made under section 40 of that Act; (d) an order made under section 161 of the Licensing Act 2003; (e) an order made under section 165(2)(b), (c) or (d) of that Act. (4) A person deciding whether to issue a closure notice may take into account things thatÑ (a) happened before the commencement day, and (b) would have given rise to the power to issue one of the notices specified in subsection (2) or to make an order specified in subsection (3)(c) or (d). (5) A court deciding whether to make a closure order may take into account things thatÑ (a) happened before the commencement day, and (b) would have given rise to the power to make an order specified in subsection (3) (a), (b) or (e). (6) Subsections (4) and (5) apply only during the period of 3 months beginning with the commencement day. (7) In this section Òcommencement dayÓ means the day on which this Chapter comes into force. PART 5 RECOVERY OF POSSESSION OF DWELLING-HOUSES: ANTI-SOCIAL BEHAVIOUR GROUNDS Absolute ground for possession: secure tenancies 94 New ground for serious offences or breach of prohibitions etc (1) After section 84 of the Housing Act 1985 (secure tenancies: grounds and orders for possession) there is insertedÑ (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 67 PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò84A Absolute ground for possession for anti-social behaviour (1) If the court is satisfied that any of the following conditions is met, it must make an order for the possession of a dwelling-house let under a secure tenancy. This is subject to subsection (2) (and to any available defence based on the tenant's Convention rights, within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 1998). (2) Subsection (1) applies only where the landlord has complied with any obligations it has under section 85ZA (review of decision to seek possession). (3) Condition 1 is thatÑ (a) the