have undergone FGM are able to access this treatment as required. The support should be provided following an assessment of individual needs, and clinicians should discuss the care pathway with the patient, however, services should also consider allowing patients to access them directly without the need for a referral. F.3. Safety of Service Users When services are commissioned, appropriate consideration is required to ensure the safety of patients. Any written materials and clinic names should be developed with due care and consideration that references to FGM may pose a safety risk if family members do not support the womanÕs actions to access support services. F.4. Child Protection Examinations If a girl has been referred to social services, it is standard practice to refer her in a timely manner for a child protection examination. A child protection examination is carried out to look for signs that a child or young person has been abused or neglected. This is different from a clinical examination, which aims to establish what is wrong with the child or young person and what treatment may be needed. If there is a delay in accessing a child protection examination appointment, this can cause unnecessary distress for a girl and her family, as an appropriate safeguarding response is normally informed by the details obtained within such an appointment. As such, organisations and professionals should make sure that the appointments are commissioned on an appropriate basis, and that professionals refer to them without delay after a referral is made. The multi-agency safeguarding response should also consider whether the girl needs to attend a clinical examination to consider what her care needs are. The General Medical Council has issued guidance on child protection examinations77. This guidance covers the considerations around obtaining consent (required), and what to do if consent it not given. Annex G: Terms Used for FGM In Other Languages Country Term used for FGM Language CHAD Ð the Ngama Sara subgroup Bagne Gadja EGYPT Thara Arabic Khitan Arabic Khifad Arabic ETHIOPIA Megrez Amharic Absum Harrari ERITREA Mekhnishab Tigregna GAMBIA Niaka Mandinka Kuyango Mandinka Musolula Karoola Mandinka GUINEA-BISSAU Fanadu di Mindjer Kriolu IRAN Xatna Farsi KENYA Kutairi Swahili Kutairi was ichana Swahili NIGERIA Ibi/Ugwu Igbo didabe fun omobirin / ila kiko fun omobirin Yoruba SIERRA LEONE Sunna Soussou Bondo Temenee Bondo/Sonde Mendee Bondo Mandinka Bondo Limba SOMALIA Gudiniin Somali Halalays Somali Qodiin Somali SUDAN Khifad Arabic Tahoor Arabic TURKEY Kadin Sunneti Turkish A fuller list of terms can be found at National FGM Centre: Traditional Terms for Female Genital Mutilation. Annex H: Contact Information HELPLINES NSPCC FGM helpline: 0800 028 3550 www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/child-abuse-and-neglect/female-genital- mutilation-fgm email: fgmhelp@nspcc.org.uk National Domestic Abuse Helpline: 0808 2000 247 (24-hour) https://www.nationaldahelpline.org.uk ChildLine: 0800 1111 www.childline.org.uk POLICE Police forces www.gov.uk/contact-police Metropolitan Police Service Project Azure Partnership Team: 020 7161 2888 GOVERNMENT FGM Unit The FGM Unit, based at the Home Office, co-ordinates work on FGM across government and offers outreach support to local areas. Please note the unit does not handle individual cases. fgmenquiries@homeoffice.gov.uk Forced Marriage Unit