ÒThe public interest objectiveÓ means the pursuit of public policy. 6 (1) A service provider does not commit an offence under paragraph 2 by providing access to a communication network or by transmitting, in a communication network, information provided by a recipient of the service, if the service provider does notÑ (a) initiate the transmission, (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 6A Ð Anonymity of victims of forced marriage Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 217 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) select the recipient of the transmission, or (c) select or modify the information contained in the transmission. (2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) providing access to a communication network, and (b) transmitting information in a communication network, include the automatic, intermediate and transient storage of the information transmitted so far as the storage is solely for the purpose of carrying out the transmission in the network. (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not apply if the information is stored for longer than is reasonably necessary for the transmission. 7 (1) A service provider does not commit an offence under paragraph 2 by storing information provided by a recipient of the service for transmission in a communication network if the first and second conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the storage of the informationÑ (a) is automatic, intermediate and temporary, and (b) is solely for the purpose of making more efficient the onward transmission of the information to other recipients of the service at their request. (3) The second condition is that the service providerÑ (a) does not modify the information, (b) complies with any conditions attached to having access to the information, and (c) if sub-paragraph (4) applies, promptly removes the information or disables access to it. (4) This sub-paragraph applies if the service provider obtains actual knowledge thatÑ (a) the information at the initial source of the transmission has been removed from the network, (b) access to it has been disabled, or (c) a court or administrative authority has ordered the removal from the network of, or the disablement of access to, the information. 8 (1) A service provider does not commit an offence under paragraph 2 by storing information provided by a recipient of the service ifÑ (a) the service provider had no actual knowledge when the information was provided that it was, or contained, a prohibited publication, or (b) on obtaining actual knowledge that the information was, or contained, a prohibited publication, the service provider promptly removed the information or disabled access to it. (2) Sub-paragraph (1) does not apply