. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Other provisions about training Regulations for police forces The Secretary of State may make regulations as to— police training F218. . . ; and the qualifications for deployment to perform particular tasks of persons serving or employed for policing purposes in England and Wales. [F219(1A) If the College of Policing submits to the Secretary of State a draft of regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall make regulations in terms of the draft unless the Secretary of State considers that— doing so would impair the efficiency or effectiveness of the police, or it would be unlawful to do so, or it would for some other reason be wrong to do so. 82 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 4 – Police Training Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (1B) The Secretary of State may not make regulations under this section unless the text of the regulations has been prepared or approved by the College of Policing.] Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), regulations made by virtue of paragraph (a) of that subsection may make provision with respect to the curriculum for courses of training for persons serving or employed for policing purposes in England and Wales, including the evaluation, approval and manner of devising the curriculum, or any part of it. In relation to any matter as to which provision may be made by regulations under this section, the regulations may— authorise or require provision to be made by, or confer discretionary powers on, the Secretary of State, [F220local policing bodies], chief officers of police or other persons; or authorise or require the delegation by any person of functions conferred on that person by or under the regulations. F221(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. [F222(6) In this section— references to the provision of police training are references to the provision of training and opportunities for professional development for persons serving or employed for policing purposes in England and Wales; references to the provision of training include references to the provision of assessment and examination services; references to a person serving or employed for policing purposes in England and Wales are references to