- Assumption Risks/Limitations result the costings could ultimately be underestimates. • Guilty plea proportions at the Initial hearing from Q2 in 2012 are used, based on the Time Analysis Report. As these can fluctuate, any changes In these proportions could influence court calculations (effective trials take longer in court than no trials (trials where there was a guilty plea at the initial hearing). Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service average costs per sitting day: Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service court costs used may be an underestimate as they include only judicial and staff costs. Other key costs which inevitably impact on the cost of additional cases in the courts have not been considered; for example juror costs. In cases where jurisdiction is extended, there is the risk that cases involving other jurisdictions may take longer for several reasons, such as problems/delays in gathering evidence from overseas and the need for interpreters. This would potentially result in higher costs. Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service costs (Crown Courts) Timings data for types of case (e.g., indictable only, triable either way) were applied to Crown Court costs per sitting day. This was added to the cost of the initial hearing in the Magistrates, as all criminal cases start in the Magistrates' Courts. Crown Court cost is £1,600 per sitting day in 2012/13 prices, assuming a sitting day is 5 hours. Source: Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service costs are based on average judicial and. staff costs, found at Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service Annual Report and Accounts 2012-13. Timings data for types of cases: • The average time figures which provide the information for the timings do not include any down time. This would lead to an underestimate in the court costing. • Timings do not take into account associated admin time related with listing a case for court hearings. This could mean that costings are an underestimate. • The data which informed the timings data excludes cases where a bench warrant was issued, no plea recorded, indictment to lie ori file, found unfit to plead, and other results. • Committals for sentence exclude committals after breach, 'bring backs' and deferred sentences. Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service average costs per sitting day: Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service court costs used may be an underestimate as they include only judicial and staff costs. Other key costs which inevitably impact on the cost of additional cases in the courts have not been considered; for example juror costs. Assumption ¥ Risks/Limitations -----á----- ----+ ' In cases where jurisdiction is extended, there is - the risk that cases involving other jurisdictions may . take longer for several reasons, such as problems/delays in gathering evidence from overseas and the need for interpreters. This would potentially result in higher costs. Assume an eligibility rate of 50% for cases in the Legal aid costs There is a risk that variance in the Legal Aid eligibility Magistrates' Courts and 100% in the Crown Court The average