(3) insertÑ Ò(4) Relevant local policing bodyÓ, in relation to a local government area, meansÑ (a) if the area (or any part of it) falls within the police area of a police and crime commissioner, the commissioner, (b) if the area (or any part of it) falls within the metropolitan police district, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, and (c) if the area (or any part of it) is the City of London, the Secretary of State. (a) 218 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 12 Ð Collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (5) If there is more than one relevant local policing body in relation to a combined area that is to be treated as one local government area under a combination agreement (see section 5(1A))Ñ (a) a report submitted under subsection (1) is to be submitted to each of the relevant local policing bodies for the combined area, and (b) references in this section to any requirement or arrangement made by the relevant local policing body are references to a requirement or arrangement made by each of the relevant local policing bodies for the combined area acting jointly.Ó. SCHEDULE 12 Section 89 COLLABORATION AGREEMENTS 1 The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. 2 (1) Section 23 (police force collaboration agreements) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In the title, for ÒPolice force collaboration agreementsÓ substitute Ò Collaboration agreements involving police forces Ó. (3) Omit subsection (1). (4) In subsection (2), for the words before paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(2) Force collaboration provision may, in particular, consist of provisionÑÓ. (5) Omit subsection (3). (6) In subsection (4), for ÒAn agreementÓ substitute Ò A collaboration agreement Ó. (7) In subsection (5), for Òan agreementÓ substitute Ò a collaboration agreement Ó. (8) Omit subsections (6), (7) and (8). 3 (1) Section 23A (police authority collaboration agreements) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) For the title substitute Ò Collaboration agreements involving policing bodies Ó. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 12 Ð Collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 219 (3) Omit subsection (1). (4) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for the words before paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(2) Policing body collaboration provision, or policing body & force collaboration provision, may, in particular, consist of provisionÑÓ; (b) in paragraphs (a) and (b), for ÒauthoritiesÓ substitute Ò policing bodies Ó; (c) in paragraph (c)Ñ (i) for Òan authorityÓ substitute Ò a policing body Ó; (ii) for Òanother authorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò another policing body Ó. (5) In subsection (3), for