the National Criminal Intelligence Service appointed under subsection (1)(b) of section 9 of the Police Act 1997 by virtue of subsection (2)(a) of that section; (bd) service as a police member of the National Crime Squad appointed under subsection (1)(b) of section 55 of the Police Act 1997 by virtue of subsection (2)(a) of that section;”. In section 11(2) of that Act (meaning of “police authority”), for paragraphs (c) and (d) (service for which the service Authorities for the NCIS and NCS are treated as police authorities) there shall be substituted— “(c) in relation to any such service as is mentioned in subsection (ba) or (bc) above or any service of the kind described in section 97(1)(ca) of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) or section 38A(1)(ba) of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77), it means the Service Authority for the National Criminal Intelligence Service; (d) in relation to any such service as is mentioned in subsection (bb) or (bd) above or any service of the kind described in section 97(1)(cb) of the Police Act 1996, it means the Service Authority for the National Crime Squad;”. Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 97 Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In section 11(3)(b) of that Act (meaning of “police force”), after “(ab),” there shall be inserted “ (ba), (bb), (bc), (bd) ”. Pensions for ACPO staff The persons to whom section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 (c. 11) (“the 1972 Act”) applies (persons to or in respect of whom benefits may be provided by schemes under that Act) shall include persons who at any time after the coming into force of this section are serving in employment with the Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales and Northern Ireland; and, accordingly, in Schedule 1 to that Act (kinds of employment to which that Act applies), in the entries under the heading “Other bodies”, there shall be inserted, at the appropriate place— “The Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales and Northern Ireland”. Section 1 of the 1972 Act shall also apply to persons who at any time before the coming into force of this section have ceased to serve with the Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales and Northern Ireland. The Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales and Northern Ireland shall pay to the Minister for the Civil Service, at such times as he may direct, such sums as he may determine in respect of any increase attributable to this section in the sums payable under