which have arisen since the supervision order was made, the court may grant the application and revoke or amend the order accordingly. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 179 The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) include the conduct of the defaulter. If an application made under sub-paragraph (1) in relation to a supervision order is dismissed, no further such application may be made in relation to the order by any person without the consent of [F84a youth] court. The injunction applicant must consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before making an application under sub-paragraph (1). Compliance with supervision order If the responsible officer considers that the defaulter has complied with all the requirements of the supervision order, the responsible officer must inform the injunction applicant. Non-compliance with supervision order (1) If the responsible officer considers that the defaulter has failed to comply with any requirement of the supervision order, the responsible officer must inform the injunction applicant. On being informed as specified in sub-paragraph (1) the injunction applicant may apply to [F85a youth] court. Before making an application under sub-paragraph (2) the injunction applicant must consult— the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order, and any person consulted by virtue of section 38(2)(a) or (b). If on an application under sub-paragraph (2) the court to which it is made is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the defaulter has without reasonable excuse failed to comply with any requirement of the supervision order, the court may— revoke the supervision order and make a new one; or revoke the order and make a detention order (see Part 3 of this Schedule). F86(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F87(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The court to which an application under sub-paragraph (2) is made must consider representations made by the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before exercising its powers under this paragraph. 180 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this