the national agenda, and policymakers have demonstrated their willingness to support change. In July of 2024, President Joe Biden signed the Federal Prison Oversight Act, which mandates independent oversight of the BOP through facility inspections, complaints, and inquiry systems and prohibits BOP resistance to any investigative efforts.11 The Federal Prison Oversight Act was referred to the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability and the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, making policymakers on these committees important supporters of the proposed book ban list policy.11 Critics of book bans in schools would help strengthen the policy’s likelihood of passing. Representative Jamie Raskin of Maryland and Senator Brian Schatz of Hawaii previously introduced resolutions to condemn school book bans and both would likely help garner valuable support to mandate a prison book ban list.12 PEN America, a well-known non-profit organization that informed Raskin and Schatz’s proposed resolutions, would inform this effort through their extensive existing research on prison book bans. The policy will likely face opposition from those fighting for stricter book bans and others advocating for the elimination of bans altogether. Content-motivated book bans across all federal facilities remain to maintain security, good order, and discipline.13 These priorities should not be completely abandoned, as many restricted titles include sexual content, violence, or anti-authority messages that threaten the security and safety of correctional staff and inmates. While many bans are rooted in valid security concerns, calls for stricter book bans ignore the lack of transparency surrounding the practice and its expansion would be irresponsible without sufficient information on its current use. To protect inmates’ access to reading materials while recognizing the security concerns that motivate bans in the first place, mandating lists of banned titles provides an incremental solution that balances the two concerns while addressing the current lack of transparency and providing information that can inform future advocacy efforts. Upon the policy’s passage, the BOP would form and continually update the list. Given there are no existing lists in the federal prison system on previously banned books, the titles will be added on a case-by-case basis beginning from the activation of the policy based on the existing standards for prohibited titles.8 The BOP should give 30 days of advanced notice to all facilities and detail the new procedures to promote widespread compliance. The established BOP committee would regularly update included titles, the reasons for their prohibition, and report to the Director of the BOP. Mailroom staff across all facilities would be able to access the up-to-date titles online, and the list will be made publicly available to optimize transparency and dissuade prohibited titles from being repeatedly received. With proper implementation, a centralized and continuous list of banned book titles in the federal prison system will tackle the current inconsistencies in literary censorship across facilities. Works Cited Carson, E. Ann. 2023. “Prisons Report Series: Preliminary Data Release.” Bureau of Justice Statistics. https://bjs.ojp.gov/library/publicatio ns/prisons-report-series- preliminary-data-release. Howard University School of Law. 2021. “Banning the Caged Bird: Prison Censorship Across America.” Thurgood Marshall Civil Rights Center.