workers should have the ability to build empathic and trusting relationships to seek to overcome this, understanding the nuances of each situation and working with the victim’s wishes where possible. 152 Yakubovich, A, et al. Risk and protective factors for intimate partner violence against women: Systematic review and meta-analyses of prospective-longitudinal studies: American Public Health Association: 2018: 108(7). 153 Humphreys, C, Regan, L, River, D, & Thiara, RK. Domestic Violence and Substance Use: Tackling Complexity: The British Journal of Social Work: 2005: 35(8), 1303–1320. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance The statutory guidance ‘Working Together to Safeguard Children’ is clear that practitioners should always take a child-centred approach, keeping the child in focus when making decisions about their lives and working in partnership with them and their families. Practitioners should see and speak to children, listen to them, and take their views seriously, working with them and their families in deciding how to support their needs. Special provision should be put in place to support dialogue with children who have communication difficulties and/or language barriers. Practitioners work most effectively when they are able to combine practical, theoretical, therapeutic and systemic knowledge. Within the statutory system, social workers must look to understand and consider the wishes of the child where possible. Effective social work practice will build on an understanding that a full disclosure – from an adult or child victim – can take time and trust. Practitioners should not focus wholly on disclosure and recognise that its absence does not necessarily mean that abuse is not occurring. This includes understanding the different effects domestic abuse can have on children and how these effects present in their behaviour (set out in the ‘Impact on child victims’ section in ‘Chapter 4 – Impact of Domestic Abuse’). Efforts should be made to provide support for children to maintain and sustain relationships with the non-abusive parent, and to direct the professional focus on working with the whole family, including any children living outside the home, to help them to be safe and recover. Social workers should view every family member as one part of a complex picture. Practitioners should seek to understand the parent-child relationships taking place, identifying the harmful impacts of the domestic abuse, and recognising the links between a perpetrator’s abuse and their parenting, holding them to account accordingly. However, careful consideration should be given to the safety of the victim and non-abusive parent, and it may not always be appropriate or safe for services to engage the perpetrator at the same time. Services should also ensure an appropriate balance of responsibility on protecting the child involved and should be clear that accountability for the harm caused lies with the perpetrator. It is important that there are multiple channels of engagement to challenge perpetrators to identify, understand and change behaviour. This should not sit solely within the criminal justice system.154 Social workers should also be aware of the ways in which perpetrators may attempt to use the relationship between the non-abusive parent