captured in the schedule to the Act who may also be brought in to local planning arrangements, depending on the circumstances. One 2.1. group Ð the voluntary sector - is identified in the Act 1.6 Category 1 responders are required to Òhave regard toÓ the activities of the voluntary sector in maintaining their emergency and business continuity plans. 2.19. ÒRegardÓ must be given to those local voluntary organisations whose activities are carried on in the local resilience area and are relevant in an emergency.17 Those voluntary organisations whose role is to play a significant part in emergency response, such as search and rescue organisations, should expect Category 1s to integrate them fully into multi-agency co-operation across the five main duties. Other voluntary organisations may also expect to be involved in multi-agency co-operation where their activities are relevant to emergency planning and response. Voluntary organisations are not obliged by statute to carry out their role. In reaching an agreement to co-operate at a local level, the capability of the voluntary organisation to fulfil its role locally is a key factor. It is reasonable, when looking at collaborative arrangements as part of a local agreement with Category 1s, for a voluntary organisation to provide a locally-determined capacity and capability assessment. 16 s2(5)(k)É Òbodies (other than public or local authorities) whose activities are not carried on for profitÓ. 17 regulation 23(1) PAGE 13 Managed co-operation Protocols 2.20. Responders have tended to rely on custom and practice and minuted agreements to support well-established collaborative arrangements and to provide a basis for new initiatives. However, the regulations permit Category 1 responders between themselves and Category 1 with Category 2 responders to go further in the performance of their duties by developing protocols which consolidate co-operative working on a firmer basis.18 2.21. A protocol is a formal agreement between Category 1 responders, or Category 1 and Category 2 responders - or between them and local responders not covered in the Schedule, such as the voluntary sector or the armed forces Ð detailing how they will undertake or allocate responsibilities to deliver a task. Protocols may cover matters of broad agreement or detailed procedures for working together, including how to hand over tasks, provide a service or obtain additional resources. As far as possible, they should be simple, straightforward and concise. Protocols may or may not be legally binding depending on the nature of the agreement reached between the parties. Most often partners are unlikely to seek a legally-binding protocol. 2.22. Protocols between local responders may be developed by the LRF or its sub-groups, or by industry groups on behalf of local responders (such as Category 2s) in a particular class or sector. Some protocols aim to insert local detail and circumstances into how co-operation is carried out. They are likely to be particularly relevant in relation to: 18 regulation 7(1) 19 regulations 7(4), 7(5) o information sharing agreements and co-operation generally between Category 1 and Category 2 responders, including multi-LRF based arrangements; 19 PAGE 14 o