and those responsible for the harm, into communication. It enables everyone affected by a particular incident to play a part in repairing the harm which can be valuable in finding a positive way forward. The communication may take many forms, for some this may mean meeting the offender face-to-face, for others, this could be communicating via letter, recorded interviews or videos. Whichever form of Restorative Justice is most suited to you, trained facilitators will prepare and support you throughout. Restorative Justice is voluntary for all parties and it must be agreed by all involved, including facilitators, that it is safe and appropriate to proceed. It will only happen if you and the offender, having acknowledged the basic facts of the case, both want to take part. You do not have to take part and you can withdraw at any time. You can ask to participate in Restorative Justice at a time that is right for you. You may be offered the opportunity to take part because the offender has been referred and it is assessed as safe. 3.6 All information under this Right must be provided within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see Page 10 of this Code) of reporting the crime. 23 Youth Offending Team is a multi-agency team which works with children between the ages of 10 and 17 who have offended or may be at risk of offending. They are coordinated by a given local authority and as part of the youth justice system are monitored by the Youth Justice Board. 1 Right 4: To be referred to services that support victims and have services and support tailored to your needs Needs Assessments 4.1 When you report a crime to the police, you have the Right to be offered support. This will include an assessment of whether you are entitled to receive the Enhanced Rights as set out on page 10 of this Code. The more information you are able to provide during this assessment will ensure that service providers are able to offer help and support that better meets your needs. 4.2 Throughout your case, all service providers must give you the opportunity to be re-assessed if you tell them how your needs have changed. 4.3 If you are required to attend court to give evidence, you will be offered a separate needs assessment by the Witness Care Unit to determine whether you require any further help and support before the trial and at the court. Referral to Services that support victims 4.4 Services that support victims are there to help you cope and, as far as possible, recover after a crime. Access to support is free, even if the crime hasnÕt been reported to the police. For further information about the support in your area, contact your local Police and Crime Commissioner24 or visit: www.gov.uk/get-support-as-a-victim-of-crime 4.5 If you report a crime to the police, you have the Right to be referred to a service that supports victims, including Restorative Justice