formal procedure due to ill-health, wherever possible, the Organisation will make the necessary reasonable adjustments in order for the process to continue. Wherever reasonably practicable, the individual will be given the opportunity to physically attend and be accompanied at the disciplinary investigation/hearing in order to respond to the allegations made against them. Should an individual be unable to physically attend, other options will be considered and put forward as options to enable the progression of the process. In accordance with the Attendance Management Procedure, individuals who are off sick for more than 7 days are required to provide a Fit Note from a GP. The Occupational Health Department may be consulted for advice via a management referral in cases of persistent non- attendance. In the event of the employee not attending a disciplinary hearing as arranged, the hearing may be reconvened to a later date at the discretion of the Chair, who will take into consideration the reasons for non-attendance due to ill health in making their decision. Persistent failures to attend due to medical grounds will lead to the Head of HR taking advice from the Occupational Health Department in addition to discussion with the Unison representative as to whether the hearing should take place in the absence of the individual against whom the allegations have been made. Table of Contents 4.3 Other Non-Attendance If an employee persistently refuses to take part in the disciplinary procedure (including the appeals process), they will be advised that it will be in their best interest to provide some justification or written account for their actions. However, if they still refuse, having attempted to convince them of the benefits of participating in the investigation, appearing and presenting their case at any disciplinary hearing that may be convened, they will then be written to formally explaining that a disciplinary decision will be taken based on the information the Organisation has to hand and that a decision may then be taken in their absence. 5. FORMAL DISCIPLINARY INVESTIGATIONS The purpose of the investigation is to identify facts and gather evidence that enables a decision to be made as to whether or not there is a case to answer. No disciplinary action will be taken against an employee until the case has been investigated and assessed. An appropriate Manager or Investigating Officer from Professional Standards will be appointed to investigate the allegation. The investigation stage will vary according to the route through which the misconduct has been identified and the nature of the alleged misconduct. Advice should be taken from the HR Team in the first instance. Discipline matters in relation to police staff may come to light in different ways. Examples of the common routes of identification are as follows: • via a line manager where informal action has failed to produce the desired sustained improvement. • via a line manager where the matter is more serious and so informal action would not be appropriate. • via PSD where an external complaint has been received