this ChapterÑ ÒconductÓ includes a failure to act; Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council for an area for which there is no district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council; ÒownerÓ, in relation to premises, meansÑ (a) a person (other than a mortgagee not in possession) entitled to dispose of the fee simple of the premises, whether in possession or in reversion; (b) a person who holds or is entitled to the rents and profits of the premises under a lease that (when granted) was for a term of not less then 3 years; ÒpremisesÓ includes any land. 58 Saving and transitional provision (1) The repeal or amendment by this Act of provisions about any of the notices specified in subsection (2) does not apply in relation toÑ (a) a notice specified in that subsection served before the commencement day; (b) anything done in connection with such a notice. (2) The notices areÑ (a) a litter abatement notice under section 92 of the Environmental Protection Act 1990; (b) a litter clearing notice under section 92A of that Act; (c) a street litter control notice under section 93 of that Act; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 33 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (d) a defacement removal notice under section 48 of the Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003. (3) A community protection notice that contains no requirement that could not have been contained in one of the notices specified in subsection (2) may be issued in respect of conduct before the commencement day. (4) Subsection (3) applies only during the period of 3 months beginning with the commencement day. (5) In this section Òcommencement dayÓ means the day on which this Chapter comes into force. CHAPTER 2 PUBLIC SPACES PROTECTION ORDERS [F6AND EXPEDITED ORDERS] Public spaces protection orders [F7and expedited orders] 59 Power to make [F8public spaces protection] orders (1) A local authority may make a public spaces protection order if satisfied on reasonable grounds that two conditions are met. (2) The first condition is thatÑ (a) activities carried on in a public place within the authority's area have had a detrimental effect on the quality of life of those in the locality, or (b) it is likely that activities will be carried on in