text of announcements should, where possible, be agreed with broadcasters in advance to avoid unnecessary questions of editorial control under pressure. 7.114. Group D will usually be alerted to an emergency through the national media. The most likely first response is to phone the people they know in the area, either to find out if they are safe or to get more information. 7.115. There is evidence from past disasters that the emotional impact of watching the unfolding of events which may be affecting a close relative or friend can be very significant. Where people at a distance can be reasonably sure that a relative or friend is caught up in the incident they will be desperate for information. The Police Casualty Bureau will be a prime information tool. Communications planning must address this reality. The wider audience (Groups E and F) 7.116. Group E are effectively Ôthe public at largeÕ. Their principal source of information is news broadcasts and whatever they can find on websites. 7.1. 7.117. The media (Group F) are the sixth audience for the information provided by Category 1 responders. They can influence both the short-term handling and the long-term impact of an emergency. 7.118. The news media (broadcasting, print and text services) remain the primary means of communication with the public. The publicÕs picture of a crisis is largely shaped by the media. The need for information in a crisis is huge, and mass media are nearly always first and have the greatest impact. A false or inaccurate picture will be difficult to adjust later. Consequently, communication with the media has to work from the start and information from Category 1 responders should be as accurate and complete as possible. Working with the media 7.119. While Category 1 responders have little control over the output on news channels, it is important that plans are in place to agree what the main public messages will be, to provide the media with as much relevant material as possible and to ensure it is accurate, consistent and regularly updated. 7.120. As part of a general information strategy, in advance of an emergency, the media can help to raise public awareness of the issues and provide information about what to do if one occurs. 7.121. More importantly, in the wake of an emergency, the media can deliver specific advice and information to large numbers of affected people more quickly and effectively than any other means of delivery. This can take any form, from short, simple messages repeated across all formats, to explanatory interviews and extensive background material on websites. The written press can deliver complex information and advice which people need to retain over a number of days or 7.1. weeks. The media have ways of quickly reaching many different audiences with specific needs - the deaf, the blind, and those who do not speak English, for example. Radio, in particular, is the most resilient form of mass communication, available even if power and phone lines are down, via