such resolution may be passed unlessÑ (a) that number of co-opted members is greater than two; (b) the Secretary of State agrees that the panel should have that number of co- opted members; and (c) the total membership of the panel, including that number of co-opted members, would not exceed 20. (5) A police and crime panel isÑ (a) a committee of the relevant local authority (if it is the panel for a single- authority police area), or (b) a joint committee of the relevant local authorities (if it is the panel for a multi-authority police area). F202(6) A police and crime panel may not exercise any functions other than those conferred by this Act [F202or by, or by virtue of, the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004.] Persons properly appointed as members of panels 5 (1) In this Part of this Schedule, a reference to a person properly appointed as a member of a police and crime panel is a reference toÑ (a) a person nominated by a relevant local authority to be a member of the panel, and appointed by the authority as a member of the panel, in accordance with paragraphs 6 and 9, paragraphs 7 and 9, or paragraphs 8 and 9, or (b) a person nominated by the Secretary of State to be a member of the panel, and appointed by the Secretary of State as a member of the panel, in accordance with paragraph 10. (2) In the case of the police and crime panel for a multi-authority police area which covers nine or fewer local authorities, the panel arrangements must make provision (2) 178 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) as to the relevant local authority or authorities who are to have power to appoint the extra members of the panel (see paragraph 8(3)(b)). (3) For that purpose Òextra membersÓ means the number of members of the panel produced by this calculationÑ where L is the number of local authorities which the police area covers. Single-authority police area: nomination by local authority 6 (1) This paragraph applies in relation to the police and crime panel for a single-authority police area. (2) If the number of appointed members of the police and crime panel is less than the full complement, the relevant local authority may nominate the appropriate number of its councillors to be members of the police and crime panel. (3) A relevant local authority may not make a nomination under this paragraph if, and for as long as, a notice given to the authority by the Secretary of State under paragraph 10(8) is in force. (4) In this paragraphÑ Òappropriate numberÓ means the number that is equal to the difference betweenÑ (a) the