the pressure is intensify- ing for police executives to rapidly implement changes designed to reduce use- of-force incidents, as the public is eager to move “beyond what is legal and start focusing on what is preventable” (Kindy 2015). These recommended reforms, however, likely do more in the way of “damage control” after a critical incident than actually preventing future fatal police-citizen encounters. In the immediate aftermath of the fatal shooting of Samuel DuBose, the uC executive team focused on crisis management, while still seeking to implement evidence-based strategies for long-term reform and sustainability. As protesters gathered and politicians demanded action, we searched for evidence-based solu- tions. What we found, instead, was a collection of best practices—that is, inter- ventions that were supported by anecdotal accounts and experts’ endorsements, but not scientifically validated. While the effectiveness and unintended conse- quences of many of our reform efforts were largely unknown, the immediate nature of police work did not allow time for years of study and debate. ultimately, we selected and implemented interventions based on the limited science availa- ble, along with our best judgments and intuition. Our experience reflects a reality in American policing: changes in policing practice are happening now, and police executives cannot wait for the research field to keep pace. This experience also highlights a reality in policing research: we often fail to adequately test innova- tions in policing practices, and we rarely examine the impact of police training. Even more concerning is the lack of scholarly interest (or perhaps opportunity or ability) to test the effects of interventions designed to directly impact what many have identified as the crucial issue underlying the current policing crisis—officer use of force. What can be done? To facilitate the implementation of evidence-based approaches in reducing officer-involved shootings and other police reforms, law enforcement agencies must (1) consider findings from available research; and (2) where evidence is lacking, engage in opportunities to fill that void. Our review demonstrates that much of the evidence base surrounding the most popular reform initiatives to reduce officer shootings is limited in scope or nonexistent. Therefore, to advance EBP principles for reform, agencies must monitor the application and impact of training, policies, and procedures designed to reduce police use of force. That is, law enforcement must take responsibility in collecting data to generate evidence on the delivery and effects of their practices (Sherman 2013), moving beyond being consumers of research and instead engaging in the production of knowledge. This is the approach we used to facilitate the reform efforts within the uCPD. Our first step was to redesign data collection systems to include the data necessary MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 161 to evaluate the impact of our work. Our executive team modified existing data col- lection processes and also mandated the collection of new data. Changes in data collection instruments and practices resulted in new data generated during traffic and pedestrian stops, during the citizen complaint process, through the review and cataloging of BWC footage, during potential use-of-force