the following apply: • The upper floors or any basement should each accommodate no more than 60 people. • The furthest point on all of your floors to the storey exit is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2 page 68). • Where the building incorporates a basement, any stairway from the basement is separated by a fire-resisting lobby or corridor between that basement and the protected stairway. Where your building has more than three upper storeys and a single stairway you should ask advice from a competent person. Figure 49: Office premises, ground and up to three upper storeys 94 Shop premises, ground and up to three upper storeys Because of the higher risk posed by shop premises, and to protect the escape route by preventing smoke from entering the stairway, a protected lobby or corridor approach between the stairway and all floors (other than the top floor) should be provided as shown in Figure 50. The layout shown in Figure 50 will be generally acceptable as long as the following apply: • The upper floors should each accommodate no more than 60 people. • The furthest point on all of your floors to the lobbied storey exit is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2 page 68). • When a protected lobby or corridor approach to the stairway is employed the travel distance is measured to the storey exit and not the door to the lobby or corridor. Alternatively automatic fire detection on all floors may be used instead of protected lobbies or corridors (see Figure 51), however, the stairway must still be protected. If the building you occupy has floors which are occupied by different companies to your own, you need to consider, as part of your fire risk assessment, the possibility that a fire may occur in another part of the building over which you may have no control and which may affect the protected stairway if allowed to develop unchecked. If your fire risk assessment shows that this may be the case and people using any floor would be unaware of a developing fire, you may require additional fire-protection measures, e.g. an automatic fire-detection and warning system. If this is required you will need to consult and co-operate with other occupiers and building managers. If your building has more than three upper storeys and a single stairway, ask advice from a competent person. upper storeys Ð protected lobbies/corridors 96 three upper storeys Ð automatic fire detection Multi-storey buildings with more than one stairway Example of a multi-storey building The layout shown in Figure 52 illustrates these principles. You also need to consider the following: • Where the building incorporates a basement any stairway from the basement should be separated by a protected lobby or corridor between that basement and the protected stairway. • If you do not have a protected stairway and, depending on the outcome of your fire risk assessment, it may be that you can achieve an equivalent level