Home Crime, justice and the law Your rights and legal support Report a problem with a medicine or medical device Report a suspected problem (Ôadverse incidentÕ) with a medicine or medical device using the Yellow Card Scheme as soon as possible, for example if: a medicine causes side e?ects someoneÕs injured (or almost injured) by a medical device, either because its labelling or instructions arenÕt clear, itÕs broken or has been misused a patientÕs treatment is interrupted because of a faulty device someone receives the wrong diagnosis because of a medical device a medicine doesnÕt work properly a medicine is of a poor quality you think a medicine or medical device is fake or counterfeit Anyone can report a problem. The Yellow Card Scheme canÕt give you medical advice - talk to a doctor or pharmacist. Related content Consumer advice Consumer rights Collection Latest information for patients on the Yellow Card Scheme website Before you start ThereÕs a di?erent way to report a problem with a medical device if youÕre in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland. What happens next The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, the manufacturer or a medical specialist may investigate the problem depending on how serious it is. ItÕll be recorded to help prevent similar incidents in future, even if itÕs not investigated. YouÕll receive a confirmation of your report. YouÕll be contacted if you need to provide more information. More information on medicines Read the patient information leaflet for the type of medicine you want to report if you had a side e?ect (for example drowsiness or nausea) - it will give you advice on what you should do. You can also read a list of reported side e?ects. Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Elsewhere on the web NHS Choices Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Crime, justice and the law Reporting crimes Report hate crime Crimes committed against someone because of their disability, transgender- identity, race, religion or belief, or sexual orientation are hate crimes and should be reported to the police. Hate crimes can include: threatening behaviour assault robbery damage to property inciting others to commit hate crimes harassment online abuse You can report hate crime online. Call 999 if youÕre reporting a crime thatÕs in progress or if someone is in immediate danger. Related content Get support as a victim of crime Discrimination: your rights If the crime isnÕt an emergency, call 101 or contact your local police. Find out what support y ou can get if y ouÕre the victim of crime. Get support