. . . . . (4) Sub-paragraph (3) does not require the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to obtain the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime in order to enter into a contract or other agreement with a personÑ (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 169 (a) by virtue of which the person becomes, or is, a member of the metropolitan police force's civilian staff, or (b) which otherwise relates to the person's membership of that civilian staff (including the terms and conditions of the person's membership). (5) This paragraph is subject to the other provisions of this Act and to any other enactment about the powers of the Commissioner. [F201Financial arrangements etc 4A (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may, by way of temporary loan or overdraft from a bank or otherwise, borrow sums temporarily required by the Commissioner, but onlyÑ (a) for the purpose of meeting expenses pending the receipt of revenues receivable by the Commissioner in respect of the period of account in which the expenses are chargeable, (b) in sterling, and (c) with the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the MetropolisÑ (a) may not borrow money except as permitted by sub-paragraph (1); (b) may not enter into a credit arrangement. (3) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may investÑ (a) for any purpose relevant to the Commissioner's functions under any enactment, or (b) for the purpose of the prudent management of the Commissioner's financial affairs, but only with the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (4) The following provisions of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 (capital finance etc and accounts), and any regulations made under them by the Secretary of State, apply in relation to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis as they apply in relation to a local authority in EnglandÑ (a) section 6 (protection of lenders); (b) section 7 (meaning of Òcredit arrangementsÓ); (c) sections 9 to 11 (capital receipts), except for section 11(2)(b) and (3) to (6); (a) 170 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (d) section 13 (security for money borrowed etc); (e) section 14 (information); (f) section 15 (guidance); (g) section 16 (meaning of Òcapital expenditureÓ); (h) section 17 (external funds); (i) section 18 (companies etc), ignoring any reference to a Passenger Transport Executive;