a licence is convicted of an offence involving obligatory or discretionary disqualification, and (b) a court proposes to make, or makes, an order disqualifying the person, the court may require the licence to be produced to it.Ó; (b) in subsection (3)(b), at the beginning insert Òunless the licence is already treated as being revoked under section 37(1),Ó. 92 Surrender of licence to Secretary of State where disqualified (1) After section 37 of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 insertÑ Ò37A Surrender of licence to Secretary of State where disqualified (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) a person who is the holder of a licence is disqualified by an order of a court, and (b) the Secretary of State is not already in receipt of the licence. (2) The Secretary of State may serve on the person a notice in writing requiring the person to surrender the licence to the Secretary of State at such address as the Secretary of State may determine, before the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the date on which the notice is served. (3) A notice under subsection (2) may be served on a personÑ (a) by delivering it to the person, (b) by leaving it at the personÕs proper address, or (c) by sending it to the person by post. (4) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with a notice under subsection (2) is guilty of an offence. (5) For the purposes ofÑ (1) 110 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4B Ð Courses offered as alternative to prosecution CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) subsection (3), and (b) section 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 in its application to subsection (3), a personÕs Òproper addressÓ is the personÕs latest address as known to the Secretary of State.Ó (2) In Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (prosecution and punishment of offences), before the entry relating to section 62 of that Act, insertÑ ÒSection 37A(4) of this Act Failure to surrender licence to Secretary of State Summarily Level 3 on the standard scaleÓ 93 Removal of requirement to surrender licence where fixed penalty notice (1) The Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 is amended as follows. (2) In section 52 (fixed penalty notices), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) A fixed penalty notice must give details of the identification information (as defined in section 69(3D)) that may be required under section 69 where the notice relates to an offence involving obligatory endorsement.Ó (3)