NHS o Building individual and community resilience o Promoting resilience messages and materials o Individual and community resilience building o Encouraging local participation in resilience activities o Developing individual resilience through duty service delivery in support of: o local authority departments; and o emergency services Note: The emergency services may call on assistance from the armed forces, particularly military search and rescue resources. Voluntary organisations may therefore sometimes find themselves working with the armed forces. The above is not an exhaustive list of examples. Regular engagement with the sector/organisation is needed to build up the necessary relationships to determine if other activities could be offered. Chapter 15 Other sectors that should be involved in Emergency Planning Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme October 2011 Chapter 15 (Other sectors that should be involved in Emergency Planning) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version 15.1. A principal aim of the Act is to bring into a single statutory framework those organisations which are most likely to be involved in most emergencies (Category 1) and those likely to be heavily involved in some emergencies (Category 2). Further advice and useful information about the voluntary sector can be found in Chapter 14 of Emergency Preparedness. 15.2. However, it was not appropriate to capture in the Act every organisation that may have some involvement in emergencies. For a variety of reasons, particular organisations with an important role to play - such as the armed forces, the broadcasting media and the insurance industry - have not been included in Schedule 1. 15.1. 15.3. Even so, organisations which are not required to participate under the Act should be encouraged to take part in forums and co-operate in planning arrangements wherever this is appropriate. The statutory nature of the framework is not a consideration which in itself should imply their exclusion. 15.4. There are many organisations which fall into this category, including: o the armed forces o retail companies, including supermarkets o the Food Standards Agency o insurance companies o bus and road haulage companies o taxi firms o airlines o shipping companies and ferries o media companies o private communications networks dedicated to public safety users o offshore oil and gas industry o security firms o internal drainage boards o general practitioners and chemists o the operators of other services or infrastructure that are critical to your area This list is not exhaustive, and organisations that are relevant to particular emergency plans but have not been referenced within this chapter, should still be included within the preparation process where appropriate. 15.5. The armed forces: Military Aid to the Civil Authorities (MACA) can be sought to support the civil authorities when they have an urgent need for help to deal with an emergency arising from a natural disaster or a major incident. However, assistance is provided on an availability basis and the armed forces cannot make a commitment that guarantees assistance to meet specific emergencies. It is therefore essential that Category 1 and 2 responders do not