to support and challenge each other within local resilience forums or the wider resilience community to: o develop knowledge, skills, attributes and capacity; o identify capability gaps or emerging issues; and o resolve issues by sharing lessons, focusing on improvements and improving transparency to demonstrate improvements in relation to local assessments. ASSESSMENT TOOLS 13.14. Public and private sector organisations have a clear understanding of their business, what they want to achieve, how to achieve it and whether they are achieving it. The organisation, its managers and its staff must understand what is expected of them and what they can expect of others in all areas of their work. Systems and processes which help achieve this, and external validation and assurance, include: o business plans; o risk assessment assurance processes; o internal audit and quality assurance systems; o performance and line management activities; o periodic testing and exercising; o peer review; o plan validation; o joint exercising of plans (including debriefing); PAGE 7 o local authority scrutiny powers (LA scrutiny powers enable local councillors to represent the views of citizens on local services). o learning lessons from exercises and incidents; o Civil Protection Self Assessment Tools (CPSAT), a voluntary online tool designed to help responders monitor and assess how they deliver their responsibilities for civil contingencies in their areas; o Expectation Set and Indicators of Good Practice for Category 1 and 2 responders aims to clarify what is expected of Category 1 and 2 responders in England and Wales in relation to: • the duties within the Civil Contingencies Act 2004; 10 • the associated Contingency Planning Regulations 2005 (Regulations) and guidance; 11 • the National Resilience Capabilities Programme (which is the core framework through which the government is seeking to build resilience across all parts of the United Kingdom; and • Emergency Response and Recovery http://www.cabinetoffice. gov.uk/content/emergency-response-and-recovery, which aims to establish good practice based on lessons identified from responding to and recovering from emergencies, both in the UK and internationally. It accompanies Emergency Preparedness which provides guidance on how to implement the CCA regime; and 10 www.statutelaw.gov.uk provides details. 11 See above PAGE 8 o The Role of LRFs: A Reference Document highlights some of the key aspects that demonstrate robust compliance with the duties under the CCA and Regulations. The principal aim of this document is to encourage and support LRFs in learning and continuous development, taking forward their capabilities in civil contingencies, emergency preparedness and elements of response and recovery. It is for use individually and collectively by organisations that constitute an LRF or contribute to its work. Assurance agencies may also use this document in guiding their assessments of engagement among local agencies in their collective LRF responsibilities and in supporting the agenciesÕ efforts to manage and develop their individual and collective effectiveness. 13.15. Different arrangements apply in Northern Ireland and Scotland; details on the Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework can be found on: http://www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/ ni_civil_contingencies_framework_-_refreshed_september_2011-2.pdf and for Scotland at http://www.scotland.gov.uk/Publications/2007/06/12094636/3 Sharing the load 13.16. The Civil