of vulnerable individuals who have been subjected to Taser discharge. Definitions 10. For the purposes of the present medical statement, children are defined as people less than 18-years-old. 3 11. Vulnerable adults are defined as people aged 18 years or more who are affected by any condition that might render them more susceptible to the effects of the Taser. Among the susceptible groups considered by DOMILL are pregnant women, those with low body weight or small stature, persons under the influence of certain illicit or prescription drugs, those with mental health problems, neurological conditions (including epilepsy), heart disease, diabetes, osteoporosis, asthma or haemophilia, people with implanted pacemakers, and those among whom verbal communication may be an issue. Injury mechanisms associated with Taser use 12. Reports in the medical literature and the media highlight multiple possible injury mechanisms:6 * Interaction of the Taser discharge current with the heart. * Adverse cardiac or respiratory outcomes triggered by the physiological stress imposed by the Taser discharge. * Interaction of the Taser discharge current with cardiac pacemakers and other implantable devices. * Spontaneous abortion and other implications for fetal well-being. * Burns from an interaction of the Taser discharge current with the skin. * Musculoskeletal complications arising from the intense muscle contraction induced by the Taser discharge. * Injuries from Taser-induced falls. * Injuries from tissue penetration of the Taser barbs. * Triggering of epileptic seizures. * Administration of Taser discharge to seemingly uncooperative and threatening persons. * Special considerations among those with mental ill health, learning difficulties or neurodevelopmental and neurobehavioural conditions. * Deaths associated with the use of the Taser. 13. DOMILL has considered whether children and other vulnerable groups may be differentially affected by these multiple potential injury mechanisms compared with notionally healthy adults. Interaction of the Taser discharge current with the heart 14. Until recently, none of the human volunteer studies investigating the cardiac effects of the Taser (mostly the X26 type) had shown a direct influence of the discharge current on heart rhythm. However, in none of these studies was the discharge applied to the frontal chest in a region directly over the heart. A recently reported human study using a pre-production variant of a new type of Taser device has illustrated the potential for this kind of adverse effect to occur in the circumstance where discharge is administered through a barb that has fully penetrated the frontal chest overlying the heart.7 In this study, one subject showed ventricular capture at 240 6 Payne-James, J et al (2010). Medical implications of the Taser. BMJ 2010;340:c853. 7 Ho, JD et al. (2011). Forensic Sci Int 204:50-7. 4 beats per minute. The subject was reported to have an atypically thin chest wall, which the authors suggested led to the barb tip being unusually close to the heart. 15. Although the waveform characteristics of the pre-production Taser are unknown, DOMILL believes that, in the absence of human experimental evidence to the contrary, it would be prudent to assume that a similar effect