Cross has produced a family of products and resources to inform and prepare organisations, communities and individuals to work together, at www.informedprepared.eu. 7.1. 7.73. Vulnerable groups will be a changing entity depending on the event (e.g. hard of hearing, elderly, transient population, etc) and might change during the event. Responders need to use a variety of different communication methods to help to capture these vulnerable groups. Responders should consider issues such as language and methods of communicating: mobile phones may not be used by some people, radios and televisions may not be on late at night, etc. 7.74. Vulnerable people who live in residential homes or sheltered accommodation or attend day centres etc. are relatively easy to identify and therefore it will be easier to put arrangements in place to warn during an emergency because the establishment will be known to local authorities and other responders. 7.75. Vulnerable people living in the community are more difficult to contact. General advice to the public to adopt a Ôgood neighbourÕ approach to help those less able to help themselves is always advisable; but specific efforts will sometimes be needed by the public authorities to deliver alerts to those vulnerable people who are known to them. Local community groups preparing for emergencies or local emergency groups (such as neighbourhood policing Ð Safer Community Teams) may be a useful way to identify and get information to vulnerable people. 7.76. The Category 1 responder with lead responsibility for communicating with the public will need to be assured that these vulnerable people can be contacted. Arrangements will need to address how information and assistance can be managed by local authorities and health authorities who are in regular contact with the vulnerable individuals. 7.1. 7.77. People who have difficulty understanding the message because they use a different language may require pre-prepared print or broadcast messages in their own language. Review and renewal 7.78. The provision of public information should be an ongoing process. Any information that is produced should be in a reasonably durable format, whether paper or electronic, and should be available over time. It should be regularly reviewed and renewed whenever necessary in the light of changing circumstances. LRFs might want to agree a schedule for review. 7.79. This will mean that published material will need to be looked at afresh every time the CRR or an individual risk assessment or plan changes. Only new information which is Ònecessary or desirableÓ for prevention or mitigation of an emergency will require a new version to be produced. 7.80. The methods available to deliver urgent information to members of the public are extremely varied. A mix of techniques should be utilised to maximise the chance of receipt, comprehension & effective response from the public. Some depend on the availability of power supplies or phone lines. Some may require careful consideration of the risks to human life and health, in case, at the time of an emergency, staff or members of the public are exposed to hazardous substances