terms of our employment if it discredits the police service as a whole or undermines public confidence in it. Decision making As policing professionals, we are expected to comply with legislation and to take the ethical policing principles and human rights into account when making decisions relating to our roles and responsibilities. We will use the national decision model (NDM), supported by the ethical policing principles, as frameworks to assist us in making decisions. We accept that making well-thought-out decisions can be challenging in any circumstances but can be even more difficult in the policing environment, where there is often an element of uncertainty (see the APP on Risk). This may be because: some of the necessary information may be missing, time may be limited or the situation may be high-risk there may be a lack of control over some of the factors present in the situation there is no guarantee that our decisions will produce the outcome hoped for The inherent uncertainty surrounding decisions is often affected by things such as ambiguity, multiple views of a particular problem, numerous possible intervention points, limited time and resources, and multiple possible solutions. Despite these challenges, most of the decisions that we make, and most of the actions we take, are successful. Similarly, it shouldnÕt necessarily be assumed that harm resulting from a decision was due to poor decision making. Adverse outcomes can result from decisions made in the right ways and with the best of intentions. We understand that making decisions in uncertain conditions is a core professional requirement of many policing professionals. We cannot perform our mandate to serve and protect the public and bring offenders to justice if we are afraid to make decisions. The fact that there will always be the risk of being criticised and blamed in court or inquiries must not stop us from making a decision in the first place. We: ensure that we consider the ethical policing principles when making decisions gather, verify and assess all appropriate and available information at the time to gain an accurate understanding of situations consider what we are trying to achieve and a range of possible options, evaluating evidence and seeking advice where appropriate make clear, timely and justifiable decisions, reviewing these as necessary identify and assess the likely risks, costs and benefits of different options, and think about the wider consequences of decisions exercise discretion and apply professional judgement, ensuring that actions and decisions are in the public interest and proportionate, lawful and necessary keep in mind whether our decisions are likely to reflect well on the policing profession recognise that policing action or inaction may have an impact on public confidence act and take decisions objectively, using the best available evidence and without prejudice explain the rationale for our decisions to those affected by them review and reflect on our decisions, in line with the NDM, ensuring that we identify learning opportunities Use of discretion Police discretion is necessary but must be used wisely. When using