concerns by a clear majority should mandatory reporting be introduced. A mandatory reporting duty or duty to act brings with it a range of risks which are outlined here, including the impact on identifying abuse and neglect, on practitionersÕ professional judgement, and for childrenÕs outcomes. 16. The Government has considered the issues objectively and from the point of view of what would likely be best for children Ð informed by, but not bound by the result of the consultation. This includes the question of whether, given the GovernmentÕs commitment to doing all it can to protect children from abuse and neglect, mandatory reporting or a duty to act would have a positive impact on keeping children safe. 17. Having considered all of the evidence and the views raised by the consultation, the Government believes that the case for a mandatory reporting duty or duty to act has not currently been made. Therefore, we do not intend to introduce a mandatory reporting duty or duty to act at this time. The following sections set out our assessment of the issues raised by the consultation, the most effective responses and how they will inform Government policy, and the importance of continuing to assess the evidence on mandatory reporting and how this might alter our understanding of what works best for children. 18. The key premise behind a mandatory reporting duty is the threat of sanctions that would then be imposed on those who choose not, or otherwise fail to report concerns about child abuse and neglect. This in turn would lower the threshold for practitioners choosing to report a concern, with a lower likelihood of being dissuaded from doing so Ð including in cases where, for example, they are unsure what they have seen, they are influenced by professional cautiousness, or they are fearful of the reputational damage that making a report may cause. Supporters of mandatory reporting argue that this reduces the risk that serious cases will pass unnoticed and therefore results in better protection for children. 19. The Government recognises the importance of these points Ð and the effect following the introduction of mandatory reporting in other countries such as Australia, suggests that referrals do indeed increase where mandatory reporting is in place. However, even compared to countries which have mandatory reporting systems, the rate of referrals is comparable or already higher here: 54.8 per 1,000 children in England (2016/17), compared to 53.2 per 1,000 children in the USA (2015), and 42.0 per 1,000 children in Australia (2015/16). 20. Our imperative is to ensure that the right children get the right support and protection, at the right time. But even with an increase in referrals associated with mandatory reporting, this would not necessarily lead to an increase in subsequent engagement with children brought into the child protection system. The increasing number of referrals rather risks creating a Ôneedle in a haystackÕ effect in which it is less likely, rather than more likely, that the social care system will identify key