There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 179 every person entitled to be kept properly informed in relation to the complaint under section 21, and the person complained against (if any). On a review applied for under sub-paragraph (2), the relevant review body must determine whether the outcome is a reasonable and proportionate outcome. Where the [F632Director General] is the relevant review body and the [F632Director General] finds that the outcome is not a reasonable and proportionate outcome, the [F632Director General] may— determine that it is necessary for the complaint to be investigated; make a recommendation under paragraph 28ZA. Where a local policing body is the relevant review body and the local policing body finds that the outcome is not a reasonable and proportionate outcome, the local policing body may— where the complaint has not previously been referred to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 4, make a recommendation to the appropriate authority that it refer the complaint to the [F632Director General] under sub- paragraph (2) of that paragraph; make a recommendation to the appropriate authority that it make arrangements for the complaint to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf; make a recommendation under paragraph 28ZA. The Secretary of State may by regulations make further provision about recommendations under sub-paragraph (6)(a) or (b). The regulations may (amongst other things) authorise the local policing body making the recommendation to require a response to the recommendation. The relevant review body must give notification of the outcome of a review under this paragraph and of its reasons for the determination made under sub-paragraph (4)— to the appropriate authority, to the complainant, to every person entitled to be kept properly informed in relation to the complaint under section 21, and except in a case where it appears to the relevant review body that to do so might prejudice any investigation of the complaint, to the person complained against (if any). In this paragraph references to the outcome of a complaint do not include the outcome of any criminal or disciplinary proceedings brought in relation to any matter which was the subject of the complaint.] 180 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F683... F6837 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .