for the purpose of considering whether an injunction should be varied or discharged. Review hearings may be scheduled for the following reasons: • courts have the power to schedule a review hearing(s) of their own motion, in which case the applicant and respondent are ordered to attend one or more hearings on specified dates.32 • if any prohibition or requirement of an injunction has effect for longer than one year, the court must order a review hearing and schedule it to be held within the last four weeks of the one year period.33 Applicants should be prepared to present their position as to whether an injunction should be varied or discharged, drawing upon the information they have compiled in the case file. If the applicant opposes the discharge of an injunction, they will need to convince the court that the injunction remains necessary to prevent gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing; if the applicant opposes variation, they will need to convince the court that the injunction remains necessary in its present form. 11.3.1. Injunctions for applicants aged 14 to 17 years old: Mandatory review of Injunctions Applicants should be aware that where a respondent is aged 14 to 17, there is a mandatory review process if any condition of the injunction will still be in force past the respondentÕs 18th birthday, as set out in section 36 of the 2009 Act. The purpose of this provision is to ensure that any conditions attached to the injunction remain relevant and enforceable once the respondent has reached the age of 18. It may be necessary at this stage to vary the conditions attached to the injunction in order to reflect the range of disposals available in respect of an adult respondent. The applicant should ensure that the YOT is consulted as part of this review. The review must take place within the four weeks following the respondentÕs 18th birthday. This review is waived if there has already been a variation made to the conditions in the 4 weeks leading up to the respondentÕs 18th birthday. 11.4. Injunctions for applicants aged 14 to 17 years old: Transfer of proceedings Rule 16 of The MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related Violence) Rules 2015 (Annex B) states that when a respondent reaches their 18th birthday, proceedings relating to an application for a gang injunction must remain in the youth court, unless the court directs otherwise. The court may of its own motion, or after being requested to do so by the applicant or respondent, direct that the proceedings are transferred to the High Court or the County Court, or direct that the proceedings are transferred to a youth court in a different area where the respondent currently resides for that other youth court to consider whether to direct transfer to the High Court or County Court. The court will not make a direction for transfer without a hearing on notice to both the applicant and respondent. 32 Section 36(3) of the 2009 Act. 33 Section 36(4) of