number to be given of the firearm(s) that the applicant wishes to purchase or acquire, as this information is not normally available. There is an exception to this: applicants may include, where available, the identification number of a handgun being acquired under section 7(1) or section 7(3) of the 1997 Act. Normally, the identification number or other identifying mark will be entered by the transferor in Table One at the back of the firearm certificate. 10.5 The 1998 Rules, as provided for in section 26(2) of the 1968 Act, require an application for the grant or renewal of a firearm certificate to be accompanied by one photograph. Ordinary passport style photographs (sized 45mm x 35mm) are suitable for this purpose. A digital photograph must be used for online applications. 10.6 Where the applicant is under 18, any enquiry should normally be conducted in the presence of a legal guardian. Where this is not reasonably possible, for example with a student at a boarding school, another responsible adult must be present and the parents or guardian should be consulted. 76 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Representatives of Foreign States and Commonwealth countries 10.7 A person who enjoys diplomatic privilege, whether representing a government or international organisation, is expected to hold a certificate in respect of any firearm to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, which is used or carried outside the confines of the embassy, consulate or similar establishment. The principles which normally govern the granting of certificates should be observed. The Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964 and the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations 1961 exempt diplomats from payment of the certificate fee. Diplomatic privileges have also been extended to some international bodies, for example the International Maritime Organisation. Any enquiries about the status of such an organisation or its employees should be referred to the International Organisations Team, Diplomatic Missions and International Organisations Unit, Protocol Directorate, Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Prescribed Conditions 10.8 The Firearms Rules 1998 prescribe certain conditions subject to which firearm certificates shall be held, the main object of which is to impress upon certificate holders the importance of ensuring the safe custody of firearms and ammunition. Failure to comply with certain conditions may result in revocation, however each case must be determined on its merits. A firearm certificate shall be granted or renewed subject to the following conditions: (i) the holder must, on receipt of the certificate, sign it in ink with his/her usual signature; (ii) the holder of the certificate must, inform the chief officer of police by whom it was granted as soon as reasonably practicable, but within 7 days of the theft, loss or destruction in Great Britain of the certificate and/or the theft or loss, deactivation or destruction of any firearms to which this certificate relates and/or the theft or loss of ammunition to which this certificate relates; (iii) the certificate holder must, without undue delay, notify any change of permanent address to the chief officer of police who granted the