employees have adequate opportunities for rest, meals and refreshments in line with the working time directive and organisational policy. • To support health and wellbeing initiatives in the workplace. The Police and Crime Commissioner will: • Actively support Chief Officers in the strategic management of health and safety matters in their force. • Actively engage and support Chief Officers with the development and embedding of health and wellbeing into the organisation. • Hold Wiltshire Police to account in relation to the Workplace Wellbeing Charter. The Occupational Health Unit will: • Provide specialist advice and guidance to the Force in line with government legislation. • Provide support and guidance for managers to allow them to manage staff with health related issues. • Provide practical and confidential occupational health support for all staff. • Provide access to various services that aim to support staff in relation to their work (see below) • Provide advice and guidance on health work practices, working closely with managers, people services and staff to ensure all aspects of health are explored in relation to the work environment. • Provide information to all employees regarding healthy work practices and support system in the workplace are discussed during the induction programme, occupational health provide information regarding stress management and self care. • This includes health issues that affect work as well as health issues that are caused by, or are affected by work. The range of services currently include:- • Pre Employment Screening • Risk Assessment Based Medicals • Referral to a local Occupational Physician • Referral to an Occupational Health Nurse • Referral to an external Counselling Service • • Referral to an external Psychologist • Fast track referral to appropriate specialist for physiological and psychological conditions. • Referral to Physiotherapist • Immunisation clinics • Advice regarding health in the workplace • Infection control advice • Health surveillance (where the need is identified by the Force) • Advice regarding healthy lifestyle • Training The Health and Safety Department will: • Work closely alongside the HR and Occupational Health departments providing specialist health and safety advice. • Provide specialist advice and guidance in relation to risk management and the completion of risk assessments. • Engage and communicate with managers, employees and staff associations. • Work alongside the Learning and Development department with regards to managers training / resilience training. • Train and support management in the risk assessment process. • Health and Safety Executive Management Standards Appendix 1. Demands The standard is that: • Employees indicate that they are able to cope with the demands of their jobs, and • Systems are in place locally to respond to any individual concerns. What should be happening/states to be achieved: • The organisation provides employees with adequate and achievable demands in relation to the agreed hours of work. • PeopleÕs skills and abilities are matched to the job demands. • Jobs are designed to be within the capabilities of employees, and • Employees concerns about their work environment are addressed. Control