identified in the workplace and to take such immediate action that is necessary, where this is reasonably practicable, to render the hazard safe. Staff Association Safety Representatives All staff association safety representatives are responsible for carrying out their functions as per the Safety Representatives and Safety Committees Regulations. Responsibilities include: Investigating potential hazards and dangerous occurrences in the workplace. Investigating complaints by employees relating to health and safety. Carry out safety inspections. To attend safety committees. To make representation to the employer regarding any of the above. The Police & Crime Commissioner will consult with all employees on all matters which could have an effect on their health and safety, in compliance with the Health and Safety (Consultation with Employees) Regulations 1996. Contractors, Visitors and others affected by our business. The arrangements for health and safety will ensure that contractors, visitors and others affected by our undertakings are exposed to the lowest reasonably practicable risk. Contractors Responsibilities Include: Complying with safety instructions, training, policies, risk assessments laid down by Wiltshire Police and/or the Chief Executive of the Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner and/or their own organisation to ensure their health, safety and welfare. Ensuring risk assessments/method statements are carried out and action taken to reduce risk. Use properly and maintain in good condition and not misuse or interfere with any safety equipment provided for health and safety at work. Report any health and safety hazards identified in the workplace and to take such immediate action that is necessary, where this is reasonably practicable, to render the hazard safe. 7. Enforcement Authority HM Inspectors based at the South West Area Officer of the Health and Safety Executive are responsible for enforcing the provisions of health and safety legislation with respect to the Swindon and Wiltshire Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner. Address: South West HSE Area Office 4th Floor The Pithay All Saints Street Bristol BS1 2ND Local Authority Environmental Health Officers are responsible for the enforcement of the provisions of health and safety legislation with respect to food hygiene, petroleum installation safety within Wiltshire Police and Swindon and Wiltshire OPCC. 8. Joint Health and Safety Policy Statement and Arrangements As two separate corporation roles, Wiltshire Police and the OPCC for Wiltshire and Swindon have separate Health and Safety Policy Procedures. Sitting beneath these is a jointly signed Health and Safety Statement confirming the two organisations commitment and cohesion to work together in partnership. Joint general Health and Safety Arrangements for Wiltshire Police and the Wiltshire & Swindon Office of Police and Crime Commissioner are contained within specific joint policies, procedures, risk assessments, safe systems of work and other guidance documents. All such documents are available to all employees through the health and safety portal pages on the Sharepoint site. Health and Safety Management System The joint Wiltshire Police and Wiltshire & Swindon Office of Police and Crime Commissioner Health and Safety Management System Procedure details key elements of the health and safety management system including; Setting Policy,