under another, more serious offence; however this will depend on the precise circumstances of the attack and will not always be possible. To date there have been no successful cyber attacks of this nature. However, reliance on computer systems is increaping, as is the degree to which they are interlinked, increasing the likelihood that a successful cyber attack will cause significant impacts on the real world in a way unforeseen when the Computer Misuse Act was passed. Rationale for intervention Cyber attacks have the potential to have a significant impact on public health, essential services, the economy, the environment or national security. It is in society's interest to acquire protection against these attacks. Policy objective The policy objective is to ensure that all cyber attacks that result in serious damage to human welfare, national security, the economy or the environment can be prosecuted, with a maximum sentence available that fully reflects the severity of the conduct. Description of options considered (including do nothing); Two options have been considered: Option 1: Do nothing. Continue with existing arrangements under existing law. Option2: Legislate We propose to create a new (aggravated) offence of impairing a computer that results, either directly or indirectly, in serious damage to the economy, the environment, national security or human welfare, or creates a significant risk of such damage. As well as knowing that their actions in impairing the computer are unauthorised, the defendant should intend the impairment to cause the harms outlined or be reckless as to whether such harms are caused. The offence will be friable only on indictment, with a maximum sentence of life imprisonment for cyber attacks which result in loss of life, serious illness or injury or serious damage to national security (or a significant risk thereof) or 14 years' imprisonment for cyber attacks causing, or creating a significant risk of, severe economic or environmental damage or social disruption. Groups affected Apart from the individuals who would be prosectJted under this new offence, the main groups affected by the policy would be: • The Police - who will need to familiarise themselves with the new arrangements. • HM Courts and Tribunals Service (HIVICTS) - proceedings for the new aggravated offence will potentially be longer and more complex that cases for the existing "section 3" offence of impairing a computer. • • Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) - the new aggravated offence will be more complex to prosecute than the existing "section 3" offence" as the prosecution will need to prove both the unauthorised act in relation to the computer and the serious impact this had. • The Legal Aid Agency (LAA) - the cost of legal aid is likely to increase with the increase in length/complexity of cases. • HM Prison Service, Probation service, National Offender Management Service (NOMS) - there will be an impact on prisons and subsequently on probation from the longer custodial sentences available. Monetised and non-monetised costs and benefits of each option Option 1: Do nothing Jhere are no additional costs