of confidence, by other enactment or by contract. 3.35. Restrictions on the disclosure of sensitive information which is created by a Category 1 or 2 responder in the course of carrying out its duties under the Act are dealt with below. This is likely to limit the way in which sensitive information created by a Category 1 or 2 responder is used. Disclosure of sensitive information 3.36. The Regulations prohibit any Category 1 and 2 responder from publishing or otherwise disclosing any sensitive information which it has received by virtue of the Act. 16 The Regulations also prohibit disclosure of any sensitive information which the Category 1 or 2 responder has created in the course of discharging its duties under the Act.17 For example, a risk assessment might identify that a local authorityÕs planning to evacuate a city centre was deficient, and would exacerbate the effects of a terrorist attack. Putting the information into the public domain could expose a weakness that might encourage an attack. If this information was obtained by virtue of an information request made under the Act, or created in the course of a Category 1or 2 responder discharging its duties under the Act, the sensitive information must not be disclosed, even if it would otherwise fall within the Category 1 responderÕs duty to publish a risk assessment/plan or its duty to warn, inform and advise the public. 15 regulation 52(2) 16 regulation 51(1) 17 regulation 51(5) 3.37. There are two exceptions in the Regulations to the prohibition on disclosure. Where the exceptions apply, the Category 1 or 2 responder may disclose. But unless the Category 1 or 2 responder is subject to an obligation under the Act to disclose the information (eg as part of the obligation to publish risk assessments), it is not obliged to do so: o consent for the publication or disclosure is obtained. Consent should be obtained from the person identified in Figure 3.1. Note that the consent may be given subject to conditions. 18 o the information is commercially sensitive or personal data, but the public interest in disclosure outweighs the interests of the person or organisation concerned. This exception does not apply if the information is sensitive by virtue of its national security or public safety implications. When relying on this exception, the Category 1 or 2 responder must inform the person or organisation to whom the information relates of its intention to disclose the information and provide reasons why it is satisfied that the public interest in disclosure outweighs their interests. 19 3.38. The prohibition on disclosure applies when the Category 1 or 2 responder is discharging its duties under the Act or any other function that it has in relation to an emergency. The prohibition does not apply where a Category 1 or 2 responder is dealing with an information request under the Regulations or contributing to the Community Risk Register (CRR). 18 regulation 51(2) 3.39. The prohibition will not apply where the Category 1 or 2