area, and (b) the relevant ratepayers' representatives, on the proposals of the police and crime commissioner for expenditure (including capital expenditure) in that financial year. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 17 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (1C) Those arrangements must include, in the case of the metropolitan police district, arrangements for obtaining, before the first calculations in relation to the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime are made for a financial year under section 85 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999, the views ofÑ (a) the people in the metropolitan police district, and (b) the relevant ratepayers' representatives, on the proposals of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime for expenditure (including capital expenditure) in that financial year.Ó. (4) For subsection (2) substituteÑ Ò(2) Arrangements under this section are to be made by the local policing body for the police area, after consulting the chief officer of police for that area.Ó. (5) Before subsection (6) insertÑ Ò(5A) In subsections (1B) and (1C) Òrelevant ratepayers' representativesÓ, in relation to a police area listed in Schedule 1, or the metropolitan police district, means the persons or bodies who appear to the elected local policing body for that area or district to be representative of persons subject to non-domestic rates under sections 43 and 45 of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 as regards hereditaments situated in that area or district. (5B) In determining which persons or bodies are relevant ratepayers' representatives, an elected local policing body must have regard to any guidance given by the Secretary of State.Ó. (6) Omit subsections (6) to (10). Other provisions about functions 15 Supply of goods and services (1) Subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section 1 of the 1970 Act (supply of goods and services by local authorities) apply, with the modification set out in subsection (2), to each elected local policing body as they apply to a local authority. (2) In those subsections, references to a public body (within the meaning of that section) are to be read as references to any person. (3) An elected local policing body may not enter into an agreement with another elected local policing body, or with the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as a police authority, under section 1 of the 1970 Act in respect of a matter which could be the subject of force collaboration provision in a collaboration agreement under section 22A of the Police Act 1996. (4) In this section Ò1970 ActÓ means the Local Authorities (Goods and Services) Act 1970. (2) 18 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing