breach of pre-charge bail, and (f) Part 6 makes provision for guidance about pre-charge bail. (3) An amendment made by Schedule 4Ñ (a) applies in relation to a person arrested for an offence only if the person was arrested for the offence after the coming into force of that amendment, (b) applies in relation to a person arrested under section 46A of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (failure to answer to police bail etc) only if the person was arrested after the coming into force of that amendment for the offence for which the person was originally released on bail, and (c) applies in relation to a person arrested under section 24A of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (failure to comply with conditional caution) only if the person was arrested after the coming into force of that amendment for the offence in respect of which the caution was given. Sexual offences 46 Arranging or facilitating commission of a child sex offence (1) Section 14 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (arranging or facilitating commission of a child sex offence) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) and (3). (2) In subsection (1), in paragraph (b), for Ò9Ó substitute Ò5Ó. (3) In subsection (4), for paragraphs (a) and (b) substitute Òto the penalty to which the person would be liable on conviction of the offence within subsection (1)(b)Ó. 47 Positions of trust (1) The Sexual Offences Act 2003 is amended as follows. (2) After section 22 insertÑ Ò22A Further positions of trust (1) For the purposes of sections 16 to 19, a person (A) is in a position of trust in relation to another person (B) ifÑ (1) 50 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) A coaches, teaches, trains, supervises or instructs B, on a regular basis, in a sport or a religion, and (b) A knows that they coach, teach, train, supervise or instruct B, on a regular basis, in that sport or religion. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ ÒsportÓ includesÑ (a) any game in which physical skill is the predominant factor, and (b) any form of physical recreation which is also engaged in for purposes of competition or display; ÒreligionÓ includesÑ (a) a religion which involves belief in more than one god, and (b) a religion which does not involve belief in a god. (3) This section does not apply where a person (A) is in a position of trust in relation