involved or any criminal attempts or conspiracies in relation to these offences should also be considered a significant witness. Vulnerable or intimidated witness The Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 (YJCE) allows special measures for certain groups of witnesses who may be vulnerable or intimidated. Section 16 Section 16 allows special measures for witnesses who are under 18 years of age or in circumstances where the court considers their evidence may be diminished due to that witness experiencing mental ill health, a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning or where the witness has a physical disability or is suffering from a physical disorder. Section 17 Section 17 allows special measures to be provided on grounds of fear or distress about testifying. Special measures These include the use of video-recorded interviews as evidence-in-chief. They are also eligible to use communication aids, such as computer-aided speech programs and symbols on boards or in books, where necessary. For further information see Ministry of Justice (2022) Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on interviewing victims and witnesses, and guidance on using special measures. Witness management in an investigation Investigators should consider Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales, November 2020 when setting the victim and witness strategy. Three interdependent strategies make up the victim and witness strategy in an investigation: witness identification strategy initial contact strategy witness interview strategy Investigators should also consider the provision of information to victims and witnesses. Witness identification strategy The detection of a large proportion of offences can be attributed to information, intelligence and evidence provided by the public. It is important that investigators recognise this and take action to identify and locate witnesses at the earliest available opportunity. Identifying and locating witnesses Some witnesses may self-present or be self-evident, whereas other witnesses may be more difficult to identify and/or locate. Investigating officers must, therefore, develop clear intelligence-led objectives for identifying witnesses. These will depend on the circumstances of the case but should include identifying settings and communities where witnesses are likely to be found. Communities may be cultural, religious, sporting, occupational, clubs, associations or societies. Resources can then be directed towards identifying witnesses. Methods for identifying and locating witnesses: viewing CCTV media appeals house-to-house enquiries interviews with victims and other witnesses suspect interviews financial investigation open-source internet search tools social media anniversary appeals Initial contact strategy The manner in which investigators approach witnesses, from the point of initial contact, during interviews and through to the conclusion of any subsequent prosecution case, can have a significant bearing on their perceptions of how the criminal justice system operates. Inappropriate or ill-considered methods of dealing with a witness may hamper the investigation and delay or prevent the supply of relevant material to the investigator. Investigating officers should set objectives to ensure that the members of the enquiry team, and any other police staff who could have initial contact with witnesses, understand the action expected of them when they encounter a potential witness. Rewards If