duty to take reasonable care of themselves and to do or not to do anything that could cause a risk to others as a result of their own action. 2. Standards of Dress and Appearance Introduction The appearance of staff is important to emphasise professionalism to our communities and colleagues and the standards are reflective of the ForceÕs Values and Behaviours. All staff should be aware that failure to meet the standards of dress could result in disciplinary action being taken. 3. Responsibility of Managers and Supervisors It is the responsibility of all Managers and Supervisors to recognise their role regarding standards of dress and to set an example by maintaining high standards of personal presentation and promoting a professional image of Wiltshire Police. They must; • ensure that staffing identified as requiring to wear a uniform (this shall be determined within the role Job Description), does so in accordance with the standards contained within this document and the risk assessment undertaken to identify the appropriate PPE for the role. • ensure that staff do not wear unauthorised garments for example, cycle vests should be used for the purpose it was issued and in accordance with the risk assessment for that activity. • ensure the professional appearance of staff in their area of responsibility in line with our values and behaviours, • challenge staff that have fallen below the standards set out in this procedure. • ensure that the personal appearance of their staff does not present a negative or unprofessional image of Wiltshire Police. • ensure that all issued uniform and equipment is retrieved from an officer, staff or volunteer member prior to their exit from the organisation. This shall be documented on Exit Checklist Form 299 issued by People Services. The completed Form 299 and the uniform shall be bagged, labelled and returned to the Supplies Department for decommissioning and disposal so that it does not present a security risk if obtained by others. Warrant and Door Access cards, together with Parking Permits and Locker keys shall be returned to the Facilities Department so these items do not present a security risk if obtained by others. 4. Diversity Wiltshire Police is committed to embracing diversity needs which will always start with a personal confidential discussion with the individual concerned to understand the specific needs. The intention is that diversity requirements will be positively supported where possible and operationally safe, following the undertaking of a risk assessment in relation to the specific role to be performed. The diversity provisions within this procedure are not intended to be exhaustive and Wiltshire Police welcomes the identification of all diversity needs. Table of Contents 5. General Principles and Responsibilities of all Officers and Staff (Uniformed and Non- Uniformed) Professional appearance is the personal responsibility of each individual Ð in line with our force values and behaviours. Along with maintaining personal hygiene and grooming in keeping with the high standards of appearance expected and set out in this procedure. Members of Wiltshire Police