You should complete Form FGM006 (obtainable at: http://hmctsformfinder.justice.gov.uk/HMC TS/GetForm.do?court_forms_id=12050) The application should include details of your reasons for seeking to apply for an FGM Protection Order, your connection with the person to be protected and what you know of their circumstances. Both completed forms should be submitted to the court by post or in person. You can also send your application by email Publication date: July 2020 © Crown copyright 2020 You may re-use this information (excluding logos) free of charge in any format or medium, under the terms of the Open Government Licence v.2. To view this licence visit www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government- licence/version/2/ or email PSI@nationalarchives.gov.uk Where third party material has been identified, permission from the respective copyright holder must be sought. Any enquiries regarding this document should be sent to the FGM Unit at fgmenquiries@homeoffice.gov.uk This publication is available for download at www.official-documents.gov.uk Menu Home Crime, justice and law Domestic abuse Guidance Domestic abuse: how to get help Find out how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. From: Home O?ce Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 Ñ See all updates Related content Definition of domestic violence and abuse: g uide for local areas Apply for the migrant victims of domestic abuse concession Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Domestic abuse: recognise the signs Indefinite leave to remain or enter ( domestic violence or abuse) Translated guidance If English is not your first language, information has been translated into several languages as well as an easy read version. WomenÕs Aid also have g uidance documents on domestic abuse and coronavirus available in a number of languages for victims, family and friends, and community members of those a?ected. If you are deaf, you can access a British Sign Lang uage video that explains how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. Recognise domestic abuse Does your partner, ex-partner or someone you live with: cut you o? from family and friends and intentionally isolate you? bully, threaten, or control you? take control of your finances? monitor or limit your use of technology? physically and/or sexually abuse you? Domestic abuse is not always physical violence. It can also include: coercive control and ÔgaslightingÕ economic abuse online abuse threats and intimidation emotional abuse sexual abuse Anyone can be a victim of domestic abuse, regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, religion, socio-economic status, sexuality or background. If you believe that you are a victim of domestic abuse, there are signs that you can look out for including: being withdrawn, or being isolated from your family and friends having bruises, burns or bite marks on you having your finances controlled, or not being given enough to buy food, medication or pay bills not being allowed to leave your house, or stopped from going to college or work having your internet or social media use monitored, or someone else reading your texts, emails or letters being repeatedly belittled, put down or