Subsection (3)(a) applies in relation to Northern Ireland as if the reference to 12 months were a reference to 6 months. (1) 2 Fraud Act 2006 (c. 35) Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Fraud Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) 2 Fraud by false representation (1) A person is in breach of this section if heÑ (a) dishonestly makes a false representation, and (b) intends, by making the representationÑ (i) to make a gain for himself or another, or (ii) to cause loss to another or to expose another to a risk of loss. (2) A representation is false ifÑ (a) it is untrue or misleading, and (b) the person making it knows that it is, or might be, untrue or misleading. (3) ÒRepresentationÓ means any representation as to fact or law, including a representation as to the state of mind ofÑ (a) the person making the representation, or (b) any other person. (4) A representation may be express or implied. (5) For the purposes of this section a representation may be regarded as made if it (or anything implying it) is submitted in any form to any system or device designed to receive, convey or respond to communications (with or without human intervention). 3 Fraud by failing to disclose information A person is in breach of this section if heÑ (a) dishonestly fails to disclose to another person information which he is under a legal duty to disclose, and (b) intends, by failing to disclose the informationÑ (i) to make a gain for himself or another, or (ii) to cause loss to another or to expose another to a risk of loss. 4 Fraud by abuse of position (1) A person is in breach of this section if heÑ (a) occupies a position in which he is expected to safeguard, or not to act against, the financial interests of another person, (b) dishonestly abuses that position, and (c) intends, by means of the abuse of that positionÑ (i) to make a gain for himself or another, or (ii) to cause loss to another or to expose another to a risk of loss. (2) A person may be regarded as having abused his position even though his conduct consisted of an omission rather than an act. (1) Fraud Act 2006 (c. 35) 3 Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Fraud Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) 5 ÒGainÓ and ÒlossÓ (1) The references to gain and loss in sections 2 to 4 are to be read in accordance with this section. (2) ÒGainÓ and ÒlossÓÑ (a) extend only to gain or loss in money or other property; (b) include any such gain or loss whether temporary or permanent; and ÒpropertyÓ means any property whether real or personal (including things in action and other intangible property). (3) ÒGainÓ includes a gain by keeping what one has, as well