space around social homes could make places more liveable, safe and comfortable. This will build on the regulatorÕs existing Neighbourhood and Community consumer standard requiring landlords, working with other agencies, to keep the neighbourhood and communal areas associated with the homes they own clean and safe, and to promote social and environmental wellbeing. 111. It is crucial for all communities, including those in social housing, and for all age groups to have access to a range of open and green spaces for leisure, recreation and play. These spaces should be well defined, easily accessible and safe with high quality landscaping including trees where appropriate, to support the physical health and wellbeing for all. 1. 27 https://greenhomesgrant.campaign.gov.uk/ 28 https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/social-housing-decarbonisation-fund-demonstrator/social-housing-decarbonisation-fund- demonstrator-programme-overview 29 https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/george-eustice-speech-on-environmental-recovery-20-july-2020 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 55 56 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 112. The importance of including open space in development is clear from our planning policy and guidance. The National Planning Policy Framework encourages housing developments that promote health and wellbeing, with a high standard of amenity for existing and future users. It states that planning policies should assess the need for different types of open space in each area, and then seek to accommodate it. In their report the Building Better, Building Beautiful Commission made nature one of their priority themes and noted that green spaces should be integral to the urban fabric. We welcome their recommendations and look forward to responding to their report in due course. 113. The supporting National Design Guide shows how access to high quality and attractive green infrastructure, including open spaces, can be integral to new development, to encourage physical activity and to promote health, wellbeing and social inclusion. We are working to reflect the principles of the forthcoming Framework of Green Infrastructure Standards in national planning guidance, and the GovernmentÕs forthcoming guidance on producing local design codes will set out more detailed parameters for development in different types of location including the arrangement and proportions of streets and urban blocks, positioning and hierarchy of public and green spaces, placement of street trees, private amenity space such as gardens and balconies, and high quality cycling and walking provision. This guidance will apply to new development, including social housing. Guidance on producing local design codes will form part of the GovernmentÕs planning practice guidance on design quality to support the National Planning Policy Framework and can be used to guide decisions for planning applications. 114. The Planning for the Future White Paper also includes a proposal by Government to enable more and better green space in development. The consultation closed on 29 October. Following consideration of the consultation responses, the Government will publish a response in due course. Supporting positive mental and physical health 115. We know that around 24% of working age disabled people live in social housing30. It is therefore vital that these people get the support they need. In 2020/21 we have provided a total of £505