in which they are to be performed. Section 2(5) of the act lists a range of provisions which can be included in regulations, Ð but this is not exhaustive. 12.42. A Minister may also require a person or body to perform a function in relation to an emergency.25 For example, the Minister could require responders to purchase a particular range of interoperable equipment (subject to appropriate funding being in place). 12.43. Finally, a Minister may legislate so as to amend the list of Category 1 and/or 2 responders. 26 This power is only exercisable if both Houses of Parliament have approved the order. The Minister may remove a responder from the list, upgrade the status of a Category 2 responder into a Category 1 responder (and vice versa) and add new responders. Urgent powers of direction 12.44. There are circumstances during emergencies, or when they appear imminent, when consistent, decisive action is necessary. The response required might fall outside existing planning frameworks; Category 1 and 2 responders might lack the information or advice to deal with it effectively; or it may not be apparent to these responders how best to deal with the situation. 12.45. Section 7 of the Act is designed to enable action to be taken by a Minister of the Crown in cases of urgency where there is insufficient time to make legislation. It is an exceptional power designed to ensure that in cases of real urgency the Government can arrange for coherent, effective action to be taken at the local level. 1.1. 12.46. The Act enables 27 a Minister to issue a direction containing any provision that could be made by secondary legislation under sections 5 and 6 of the Act, to responders or a class of responders. 12.47. An urgent direction must be in writing, though it could of course arrive by fax or e-mail. The Minister must revoke his direction as soon as is reasonably practicable (which will be, at the latest, as soon as it is possible to legislate). Even if not revoked, a direction will lapse 21 days after it has been made. Monitoring powers 12.48. A Minister has a range of powers to assist him/her in monitoring and overseeing the new civil protection regime. He/she may ask any Category 1 or 2 responder to provide him/her with information about the action taken under the Act.28 The Minister may require a Category 1 or 2 responder to explain why it has not taken action under the Act. If the Minister considers that a Category 1 or 2 responder has failed to comply with its obligations under the Act, he/she may take proceedings against that responder in the High Court.29 12.49. These powers are not intended to be used to establish direct monitoring by the Government as a standard procedure. They will be used in exceptional circumstances. Details of mechanisms and tools to develop responder performance and compliance with the act can be found in Chapter 13. 27 s. 7 28 s. 9