Custody Suites at Police Stations and, where persons are arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000, APP Counter terrorism – OFFICIAL SENSITIVE (this link is only available via College Learn). Responsibility for risk management The arresting or escorting officer should monitor the welfare of the detainee that they are responsible for until such time as they bring them before the custody officer. The custody officer is responsible for documenting and recording the risk assessment for every detainee in the custody record, in accordance with paragraphs 3.6 to 3.10 of PACE Code C. The custody officer must ensure that all those responsible for the detainee’s custody are briefed about the risks. They should ensure their responses to risk are dynamic, reviewed and communicated to all people involved in the care of the detainee, including relevant healthcare staff. The arresting or escorting officer should make checks with any immediately available sources of information relevant to the welfare of the arrested person. This may include: the detainee the detainee’s friends or relatives witnesses all staff involved in the person’s arrest and detention Police National Computer, Police National Database and other local IT systems healthcare professionals (HCPs), including GPs legal representatives an appropriate adult other detainees other relevant bodies and organisations, eg, youth offending team Checklist: assessing detainees Custody officers must ensure that the detainee is asked the following questions. Is this your first time in police custody? How are you feeling in yourself now? Do you have any illness or injury? Are you experiencing any mental ill health or depression? Would you like to speak to the doctor/nurse/paramedic (as appropriate)? Have you seen a doctor or been to a hospital for this illness or injury? Are you taking or supposed to be taking any tablets or medication? If yes, what are they and what are they for? Are you in contact with any medical or support service? If yes, what is the name of your contact or support worker there? Do you have a card that tells you who to contact in a crisis? Have you ever tried to harm yourself? If yes, how often, how long ago, how did you harm yourself, have you sought help? If the detainee answers yes to any of the above, they should be asked the following. What is the name of your GP and GP’s surgery? Do you have a family member who is aware of your health problems? Is there anything I can do to help? When detainees are questioned they should, as far as possible, be asked probing, open questions in a manner that encourages and elicits information. There is no standard risk assessment model for the British police service but risk assessment should be guided by the National Decision Model (NDM). Information sources A person escort record form (PER form) is used to ensure that all staff transporting and receiving detainees are provided with all the information they need. This includes details of any risks or vulnerabilities that the detainee may