inform the recipient of the following: a. how much they must pay b. when they must pay by c. what happens if they donÕt pay d. how they can make representations (civil penalties) or dispute their liability for the offence to which the penalty relates (penalties in lieu of prosecution) 11L.9 Enforcing authorities may also choose, in exceptional circumstances, to offer recipients the option of paying in instalments if they cannot afford the full amount. Until the full amount of a fixed penalty (in lieu of prosecution) is paid, the alleged offenderÕs liability to prosecution is not discharged. Enforcing authorities should make clear when offering payment by instalments what the consequences will be if a payment is missed or the penalty is not paid in full within the time agreed. Payment plans should not offer repayment terms longer than 5 months, since any prosecution for a summary offence such as littering must be brought within 6 months of the alleged offence. 11M.0 Providing a quality service 11M.1 Enforcing authorities remain responsible for the whole enforcement process (including considering disputes of liability for the alleged offence), whether they contract out part of it or not. Authorities that outsource any area of enforcement to private companies should ensure that the contractor fulfils all the requirements set down for the authority itself. 11M.2 Enforcing authorities should offer individuals flexible and efficient ways to contact them, including e-mail and telephone. They should ensure there is an adequate audit trail to rebut any accusations of unfairness. 11N.0 Considering disputes of liability, representations and appeals 11N.1 Enforcing authorities should make sure that their processes for handling informal disputes of liability for the offence to which a fixed penalty relates, or formal representations and appeals against civil penalties, are efficient, effective and impartial. Decisions must be made on the facts and evidence presented, and processes must comply with all relevant primary legislation and regulations.15 Authorities are encouraged to seek independent quality assurance of their environmental offences enforcement processes. 11N.2 Enforcing authorities should deal with offenders promptly and professionally. Authorities are encouraged to set time and quality targets for dealing with queries, in addition to any statutory time limits and those set out in this guidance. As good practice they should publish information about their enforcement activity (see paragraph 11B.6). Fair and efficient systems for carrying out this work should ensure that the number of cases going to prosecution or an adjudicator is minimised Ð so saving the authority time and expense Ð without allowing people to evade an appropriate penalty. 11N.3 Enforcing authorities should maintain a clear separation between the staff that decide on the issuing and processing of penalty notices and the staff that decide on disputes of liability/representations, to ensure that decisions are seen to be impartial. It is good practice for all disputes or representations to be considered by the service manager (or equivalent) who has delegated authority to consider them. All such disputes or representations should be addressed to them, and not the