queries relating to this policy should be directed to the Force Disclosure Unit or the Force Policy Officer. 1. Background Software packages in use today have many hidden dangers. A chart or summary table might not appear to contain any personal data on the surface, but it could in fact have a copy of the individual data points embedded within and allow this data to be made accessible with nothing more than a couple of clicks. Complex file types can also contain meta-data, which may not be appropriate for disclosure, such as photographs with embedded GPS coordinates or the routing information of an email. A recent Wiltshire Police example demonstrated how easy it is to fall foul in this area. Information that was believed to be correctly redacted led to a data breach. A data breach means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, data. Failure to correctly redact sensitive/ personal information could lead to reputational and/or financial damage to the Force. 2. What is Redaction? Redaction is the separation of disclosable from non-disclosable information by blocking out individual words, sentences or paragraphs or the removal of whole pages or sections prior to the release of the document. In the paper environment some organisations will know redaction as extracts when whole pages are removed, or deletions where only a section of text is affected. 3. The Redaction Process There are a number of redaction methods available, which are dependent on the different document formats (PDF, Excel, word). However, this procedure will only concentrate on the redaction technique used on either word or PDF documents which can be found at Appendix A. For further guidance on how you should redact other formats then use the following links: Information Commissioners Office (ICO): https://ico.org.uk/media/for-organisations/documents/how-to-disclose-information-safely-removing- personal-data-from-information-requests-and-datasets/2013958/how-to-disclose-information- safely.pdf National Archives http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/documents/information-management/redaction_toolkit.pdf 4. Inspecting Documents When you share/disclose an electronic copy of certain Office documents, you should review the document for hidden data or personal information. You can remove this hidden information before you share the document with other people/partner agencies. The Document Inspector feature in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, or Visio can help you find and remove hidden data and personal information in documents that you plan to share/disclose. Hidden information can include: • hidden data or personal information that you might not want to share in Word documents • data Excel adds to a workbook when you collaborate with other people • hidden data or personal information in a PowerPoint that might be stored in the presentation or its metadata • document information and file properties in Visio documents • 5. Types of hidden data and personal information Word documents can contain the following types of hidden data and personal information: > Comments, revision marks from tracked changes, versions, and ink annotations If you've collaborated with other people to create your document, your document might contain items such as revision marks from tracked changes, comments, ink annotations, or versions. This information can enable