shared parental pay if you: • have at least 26 weeks' continuous employment ending with the 15th week before the expected week of childbirth and remains in continuous employment Wiltshire Police until the week before any period of shared parental pay that you get; • have normal weekly earnings for eight weeks ending with the 15th week before the expected week of childbirth of at least the lower earnings limit for national insurance contribution purposes; • have, at the date of the child's birth, the main responsibility, apart from the mother, for the care of the child; and • are absent from work and intend to care for the child during each week in which you receive statutory shared parental pay. In addition, for the partner to be eligible, the mother must: • have been employed or been a self-employed earner during at least 26 of the 66 weeks immediately preceding the expected week of childbirth; • have average weekly earnings of at least the maternity allowance threshold [currently £30] for any 13 of those 66 weeks; • have, at the date of the child's birth, the main responsibility, apart from the partner, for the care of the child; and • be entitled to statutory maternity pay or maternity allowance in respect of the child, but the maternity pay period or maternity allowance period has been reduced. 7.18 Rights during Shared Parental Leave During shared parental leave, all terms and conditions of your contract except normal pay will continue. Salary will be replaced by statutory shared parental pay or pay under Wiltshire PoliceÕs enhanced shared parental pay scheme (if you are eligible for it). Whilst salary will cease, other benefits will remain in place. For example, holiday entitlement will continue to accrue. 7.19 Maintaining Contact Wiltshire Police reserves the right to maintain reasonable contact with you during shared parental leave. This may be to discuss your plans for your return to work, to discuss any special arrangements to be made or training to be given to ease your return to work or to update them on developments at work during your absence. You can agree to work (or to attend training) for up to 20 days during shared parental leave without that work bringing the period of your shared parental leave and pay to an end. These days, which are known as "shared-parental-leave-in-touch" (SPLIT) days, are in addition to the 10 keeping-in-touch days available to an employee during maternity or adoption leave. Wiltshire Police has no right to require you to carry out any work and you have no right to undertake any work during your shared parental leave. Any work undertaken, and the amount of salary paid for any work done on SPLIT days, is entirely a matter of agreement between you and your line manager. SPLIT days are optional, but these are a really good opportunity for you to: • Meet with your line manager to discuss any key team, functional, organisational changes including how these may affect