purposes of the performance by the Food Standards Agency of its functions under the Food Standards Act 1999 or any other enactment (including functions relating to the investigation of offences), and (b) is authorised (whether generally or specifically) by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section. (4) The investigations for the purposes of which provisions of this Act may be applied by regulations under this section include investigations of offences committed, or suspected of having been committed, before the coming into force of the regulations or of this section. (5) Regulations under this section are to be made by statutory instrument. (6) Regulations under this section may makeÑ (a) different provision for different purposes; (b) provision which applies generally or for particular purposes; (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 59 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional or transitory provision or savings. (7) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (8) In this section ÒenactmentÓ includesÑ (a) an enactment comprised in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978, and (b) an enactment comprised in, or in an instrument made under, a Measure or Act of Senedd Cymru.Ó (2) In the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, after section 39 insertÑ Ò39A Power to apply sections 36 and 37 in relation to food crime officers (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide for any provision of section 36 or 37 that applies in relation to a constable to apply in relation to a food crime officer. (2) Regulations under subsection (1) may apply any provision of section 36 or 37 with any modifications specified in the regulations. (3) Regulations under subsection (1) may not apply a provision of section 36 or 37 in relation to a failure or refusal which occurred before the regulations come into force. (4) Regulations under subsection (1) are to be made by statutory instrument. (5) Regulations under subsection (1) may makeÑ (a) different provision for different purposes; (b) provision which applies generally or for particular purposes; (c) incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional or transitory provision or savings. (6) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (1) is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (7) In this section Òfood crime officerÓ has the meaning given by section 114C of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE powers