Liaison Officer will contact you within 20 working days of the referral. 11.2 Where you choose to receive the Victims Contact Scheme, you are entitled to receive information at key stages of the offenderÕs sentence (see 11.3). You may opt-out and opt back in to the Victims Contact Scheme at any time whilst the offender is serving their sentence/ hospital order. 11.3 The Victim Liaison Officer will tell you: ? what the sentence of the court means in terms of the offenderÕs detention in prison or hospital, and if there are any changes to their sentence; ? when an offender in prison becomes eligible to be considered for a transfer to open conditions; ? if a prisoner moves to open conditions; ? when an offender is being considered for release or for conditional discharge; ? when the offender is released, or discharged from hospital, and if they are recalled to prison or hospital; ? how to make a Victim Personal Statement where it falls to the Parole Board to decide whether to direct the release of the offender from prison; ? how to apply to read your Victim Personal Statement to the Parole Board, or have it read out on your behalf, or make a pre-recording in those cases where the Parole Board holds an oral hearing; ? how to apply for licence/discharge conditions to reduce the chances of you encountering the offender in the community, or to prohibit them from contacting you; ? about any licence/discharge conditions that relate to you and the date they will end or where a request to change or remove them has been made; ? how to ask for a summary of the Parole BoardÕs decision and how to seek to make representations where the Parole Board decides the offender is safe to release; 43 As defined in section 45(2) of the Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004. 44 Prison in this case can mean any place the person is liable to be detained, including for example a Young Offenders Institution. 45 Restrictions will be placed on a patient if the court considers that this is necessary for the protection of others from serious harm. The Secretary of State is involved in the management of ÔRestricted patientsÕ. This means that the Secretary of State will make decisions about the offenderÕs rehabilitation. ÔNon-Restricted patientsÕ are managed by clinicians, and hospital managers. 1 ? if the offender escapes or absconds from custody; ? how to ask for information should the offender be convicted of a most serious offence (see 11.18 Ð 11.19); and ? how to make a reconsideration request (where eligible) (see 11.9 Ð 11.10). 11.4 In addition to the statutory offences where the Victims Contact Scheme is offered, the National Probation Service will also offer victims access to the scheme where the offender is sentenced to 12 months or more in prison (or detained in a hospital for treatment under the Mental Health Act 1983 with or without a restriction order) for: ?