they are injured or become injured at work. • Regulation 3(2) : Provide or ensure that there is provided, such numbers of suitable persons as is adequate and appropriate in the circumstances for rendering first aid to their employees if they become injured or ill at work. This person shall not be suitable unless they have undergone Health and Safety Executive approved training. • Regulation 4 : An employer shall inform his employees of the arrangements that have been made in connection with the provision of first aid including location of equipment, facilities and personnel. The Regulations do not oblige employers to provide first aid for anyone other than their own employees. Authorised Professional Practice (APP) APP is the national body of consolidated professional practice and guidance for policing and is authorised as such by Chief ConstablesÕ Council. It significantly reduces the amount of national guidance in circulation, encourages the use of professional discretion and brings consistency to all authorised police practice. It has the same legal status as previous guidance; it is not the law and so, while police officers and police staff can be expected to have regard to APP in discharging their responsibilities, the status of APP is advisory. There may be circumstances when it is perfectly legitimate to deviate from APP, provided that there is clear rationale for doing so. This policy has been checked against APP. Wiltshire Police has adopted the APP provisions, with supplementary information contained herein, which reflects local practice and the needs of the communities served by Wiltshire Police. Clinical Governance Arrangements APP is the national body of consolidated professional practice and guidance for policing and is authorised as such byÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉÉ Responsibilities Introduction In recognition of our Ôduty of careÕ to all staff and the public with whom we come into contact, Wiltshire Police seek to promote safety in Wiltshire. This procedural guidance is provided to support the health and safety of staff throughout the organisation, and our commitment to protect and reassure. This procedure links into the Health and Safety policy of Wiltshire Police. Forces must be able to demonstrate that individuals are able to deal not only with incidents professionally but must also be given the training, policy guidance and standards to equip them in meeting the resulting requirements placed upon them by their moral duty of care and associated legislation. Whilst it is not the primary duty of Wiltshire Police to provide first aid, this being secondary to the prevention and detection of crime, police officers have the same commitment to duty of care as any member of the public. Also there is an expectation that police officers will be able to carry out first aid, and that they are more likely to be in situations where violence/ accidents have occurred. The role of the police officer incorporates the lawful use of force and as such they must be accompanied with the subsequent skills and authority to use initiative and exercise discretion in their care of any injured party.