duress is involved. However, It is important for officers and staff to note that lines between arranged and forced marriage are not always as clear as they may seem. Women may say that they have had an arranged marriage but when questioned about what would have happened if they had said no to this marriage they indicate that this wasnÕt an option, despite no direct threats being made. If the prospective spouse has been placed under ANY familial pressure to marry, then consent is not given freely and therefore it is a forced marriage. The offence of forced marriage therefore has to be considered even when families ÔonlyÕ apply subtle pressures such as a sense of duty and emotional blackmail. Consent is essential to all marriages in all religions. Some key motives for forced marriage include: • Assisting claims for residence and citizenship • Attempting to strengthen family links • Ensuring land, property and wealth remains within the family • Preventing ÔunsuitableÕ relationships outside the ethnic, cultural, religious or caste group • Protecting family ÔhonourÕ • Protecting perceived cultural ideals Issues to consider that may increase the risk of a forced marriage occurring: • Do they have a secret boyfriend/girlfriend? • Have they married in secret? • Are they pregnant? • Are there any other members of the family who may also be at risk, e.g. siblings? • Have other siblings/family members been subjected to a forced marriage? • Is the victim gay or do the family or community suspect that they are gay? • Is the family very traditional? What is the importance of honour to them? • Is the victim more at risk from their family members or members of the community? Officers should be alive to the fact that a victim of Child/ Domestic Abuse may be suffering abuse because they are resisting an impending forced marriage. They may present with a variety of indicators such as truancy, episodes of depression and self harm, decline in performance at school, eating disorders, substance misuse or deteriorating behaviour and going missing from the family home. Officers and staff including first line managers and supervisors, must understand that people living within a forced marriage, or under the threat of one, may face significant harm if their families become aware that they have sought assistance from either a statutory agency or from a voluntary or community based organisation. It is vital that full consideration is given to the victimÕs safety and in many cases it may not be in their best interests to remain with the family or even in the immediate vicinity. If you suspect that a victim of Child/ Domestic Abuse is under threat of being forced to marry against their will abroad, one option may be to ask the victim to surrender their passport. This may help to at least delay the process whilst they seek expert help. Forced Marriage Protection Orders (FMPO) A FMPO is a civil order which is unique to each case and contains legally