the non-UK extradition of a person, or if such a request is made but a transit certificate is not issued, that does notÑ (a) prevent the transit of the person through the United Kingdom for the purposes of the extradition; or (b) affect the powers which an authorised officer has (otherwise than under this section) in relation to the person while in the United Kingdom. 189B Unscheduled arrival in the United Kingdom (1) This section applies in a case whereÑ (a) a person is being extradited, (b) the extradition is a non-UK extradition, and (c) the person makes an unscheduled arrival in the United Kingdom. (2) An authorised officer may do any or all of the followingÑ (a) take the person into custody to facilitate the transit of the person through the United Kingdom for the purposes of the extradition; (a) 152 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) search the person, and any item in the possession of the person, for any item which the person might use to cause physical injury to that person or any other person; (c) in a case where the person has been taken into custody under paragraph (a), search the person, and any item in the possession of the person, for any item which the person might use to escape from custody. (3) Any power conferred by subsection (2) may be exercisedÑ (a) upon the unscheduled arrival, or (b) at any later time when the person is still in the United Kingdom after the unscheduled arrival. (4) A person taken into custody under this section may be kept in custody until the expiry of the period of 72 hours beginning with the time when the person is taken (or first taken) into custody under this section. (5) But if a transit certificate is issued under section 189A in respect of the non- UK extradition of the person, the person must not be kept in custody under this section after the issue of the certificate. (6) Subsection (5) does not prevent the person from being taken into custody under section 189A. (7) An authorised officer searching a person in the exercise of a power conferred by subsection (2)(b) or (c) may seize any item found if the officer has reasonable grounds for believing that the person searched might use the itemÑ (a) to cause physical injury to that person or any other person; or (b) in a