Government.2 The role of the Welsh Government 11.6. The UK Government and the Welsh Government work together on the development of civil protection policy. Both parties consult with each other and exchange information on civil protection planning and response in a timely and constructive manner. The UK Government consults the Welsh Government as early as possible on any policy proposals (eg. strategic guidance and national frameworks) relating to emergencies which affect, or may affect, Wales.3 Devolved responsibility under the Act 11.7. Responsibility for local civil protection arrangements under Part 1 of the Act in England and Wales remains, in general, the responsibility of the UK Government. However, functional responsibilities in relation to health, the environment, animal health and welfare, local government, economic development, the fire and rescue authorities, road networks and rail services enable the Welsh Government to engage in aspects of civil protection work and, as a consequence, play an important co-ordinating role. This points to the importance of ensuring good communications between the UK Government and the Welsh Government. 1 regulation 14(5) 2 regulation 14(3) 3 s.16(1-4) 11.8. Part 1 of the Act confers a number of delegated powers on Ministers of the Crown. In particular, the content of the Regulations, orders, directions and guidance made by them under Part 1 of the Act have a significant impact on the preparation for, and handling of, emergencies. The Welsh Government will be involved as soon as possible in the development of Regulations, orders, directions and guidance under Part 1 of the Act where this action directly affects Welsh Category 1 and 2 responders, or where there are significant cross border implications.4 11.9. Where action is taken by the UK Government under Part 1 of the Act i.e (making regulations or orders, giving directions, issuing guidance or taking enforcement action), which applies to bodies in relation to which the Welsh Government has functions, the UK Government must seek the consent of the Welsh Ministers. In other cases where such action applies to Wales, the UK Government must consult the Welsh Ministers.5 11.10. Should further functions be devolved to Welsh Ministers, agreement to ÔconsultÕ will be adjusted to a ÔconsentÕ agreement where appropriate. The consent of Welsh Ministers is required for the addition, removal and movement of local responders in Wales listed under the Act for which the Welsh Government has responsibility. In cases where local responders in Wales are not within devolved competence, Welsh Ministers will be consulted. 11.11. When requesting information from Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales under Section 9(1) of the Act, the UK Government will consider the case for using the Welsh Government to co-ordinate the process of gathering information on a pan-Wales basis. In other cases the UK Government will consider on a case-by-case basis the need to inform the Welsh Government of any request by it for information from: 4 s.16(1-4) 5 s.16(1-4) o individual Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales which fall within devolved responsibility (eg. the Welsh Ambulance Services NHS