and benefits bought by advances in artificial intelligence. We will create a new Centre for Police Productivity, based in the College of Policing. This will be established from autumn 2024 and will set the foundations necessary for policing to deliver the 38 million police officer hours identified by the independent review. This Centre will include a new Policing Data Hub to support police forcesÕ use of data and ensure they can deploy and get the benefits from new technology, including AI. It will also deliver new model processes into policing that was trialled during this Review. Adopting Õwhat worksÕ through model processes will mean better outcomes for the public at less cost. Government and policing must demonstrate the benefits of investment in policing. The new Centre for Police Productivity will work with policing to implement the recommendations of the Review, identify and drive new opportunities and evaluate the progress made in delivering the 38 million hours. Public confidence in policing must improve. People need not only to be safe but to feel safe. The Review acknowledged that improving productivity is pivotal to this endeavour, by getting back to core policing and improving outcomes for the public. New technology and innovation not only allows officers to spend more time doing the job they should do, but also allows the public to get the right information or support when they need it. Policing is a unique job; it offers continuous challenges, and the results always matter. We want to maximise the efficiency and productivity of the service which focuses on the things that are important and deliver safety for the public. This is what is represented by the ReviewÕs recommendations, and we look forward to working with policing to deliver on them. Rt Hon James Cleverly MP Home Secretary Rt Hon Chris Philp MP Minister of State for Crime, Policing and Fire April 2024 Productivity in Policing Why Policing Productivity Matters Improving productivity will enable policing to make the most effective use of its available resources. It will ensure that police officers can carry out their core roles of preventing, and detecting crime, and keeping the public safe without being burdened by unproductive tasks or procedures. This will improve public confidence in policing, which is why productivity is important to the Government. The public will not only be safer, but they will feel safe as well. The Policing Productivity Review was published on 20 November 2023. It identified 26 cross-cutting recommendations that, if implemented in full, would free up around 38 million hours of police time per year within five years. This equates to over 20,000 police officers. The review also identified that a long-term shift in the culture of policing would be required to deliver this change. It will need to move to embrace greater collaboration in trialling and rolling out new technologies, identifying and adopting best practices, and sharing and exploiting data between forces. We believe the leadership of policing are ready to embrace this challenge and understand that doing