. . . Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 65 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F33128A Application of Part 2 to old cases The [F332Director General] may, if [F333the Director General] considers that there are exceptional circumstances— direct that a relevant transitional provision does not apply in relation to a pre- commencement matter, and direct the appropriate authority to record the matter under this Part. A “pre-commencement matter” means a matter which— is a complaint or a conduct matter, relates to conduct which took place, or circumstances which occurred, before 1 April 2004, and (apart from this section) is prevented by a relevant transitional provision from being recorded under this Part as a complaint or a conduct matter. “Relevant transitional provision” means article 2, 3 or 4 of the Independent Police Complaints Commission (Transitional Provisions) Order 2004 (S.I. 2004/671). The [F332Director General] may, if [F334the Director General] considers that there are exceptional circumstances, direct that a matter to which subsection (5) applies should be treated as a conduct matter or a DSI matter. This subsection applies to a matter which— relates to conduct which took place, or circumstances which occurred, before 1 April 2004, has been the subject of a relevant complaint, and would be a conduct matter or a DSI matter if it had not been the subject of a relevant complaint. “Relevant complaint” means— a complaint made before 1 April 2004, or a complaint made on or after that date to which a relevant transitional provision applied. [ On and after the day on which section 45 of the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy F335(6A) and Reconciliation) Act 2023 comes into force, this section— ceases to apply to a pre-commencement matter or a matter to which subsection (5) applies (if the direction under subsection (1) or (4) relating to the matter was given before that day), or does not apply to a pre-commencement matter or matter to which subsection (5) applies (if the direction under subsection (1) or (4) relating to the matter is given on or after that day), insofar as the matter relates to conduct forming part of the Troubles. (6B) In subsection (6A) “conduct forming part of the Troubles” has the same meaning as in the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 (see section 1 of that Act).] Where under subsection (1)(a) the [F332Director General] directs that a relevant transitional provision does not apply in relation to a pre-commencement matter, that provision does not apply in relation to that matter. The appropriate authority must comply with a direction