enjoy their work and balance their jobs with their personal lives. We all have responsibility to ensure adherence to these policies. In addition to the above listed strategies and policies there are also a number of Strategic Boards in place to monitor review practice and policy to enhance and improve mental well-being, these include: • Strategic People Board • People Intelligence Board • Occupational Health and Safety Committee • Strategic Wellbeing Meeting • Ethics and Culture Board • Resource Management Panel • Strategy and Diversity Board 5. Professional Mental Health Services All police officers and Police staff has access to mental health provision. Proactive and reactive, a service is available and access to specialist provision, for guidance, support and early intervention this is delivered by access to a fully comprehensive Occupational Health department offering a range of services fully described within the Occupational health policy and procedures, including access to; • Force Occupational Health Advisor • Force Mental Health Nurse • Occupational Health Technician • Force Medical Doctor • Provision of comprehensive Risk Assessment Based Medicals • • Provision of comprehensive Health Surveillance programme. • 24 hour Employees assistance program offering free confidential counselling and advice for police officer/ staff and families. • Peer support services • Blue Light champions • TRiM practitioners • Menopausal, cancer and Maternity/ Paternity peer support and support groups. • Chaplaincies • Online Managers Wellness tool kit • Provision of Wellbeing Plans • Effective use of Personal Risk Assessment. • Case conferences • Wiltshire police are part of the ÔMindful employerÕ These services can be either referred to by the individuals line manager or accessed via self-referral process. 6. Progress to date against the Wiltshire Police Mental Health Mission Statement Wiltshire Police have made significant progress with regards to reducing stigma of mental health in the workplace, this includes; • Adopting an organisational -wide approach to promoting the mental wellbeing of all officers, staff and volunteers, working in partnership with them. This approach integrate the promotion of mental wellbeing into all policies and practices concerned with managing people, including those related to employment rights and working conditions. • Ensuring that our approach takes account of the nature of the work, the workforce and the characteristics of the organisation. • Promoting a culture of participation, equality and fairness that is based on open communication and inclusion. • Creating an awareness and understanding of mental wellbeing to reduce the potential for discrimination and stigma related to mental health problems. • Ensuring the processes for job design, selection, recruitment, training, development and appraisal promote mental wellbeing and reduce the potential for stigma and discrimination. Employees should have the necessary skills and support to meet the demands of a job that is worthwhile and offers opportunities for development and progression. Employees should be fully supported throughout organisational change and situations of uncertainty. • Ensuring that groups of officers and staff who might be exposed to stress but might be less likely to be included in the various approaches for