school (10- 12) * Learning disability (10-12) ChildÕs peer Group * Peers involved in crime and/or anti- social behaviour (7-9; 10-12) Community * Marijuana availability (10-12) * Children and young people in the neighbourhood involved in crime and/or anti-social behaviour (10-12) The table is designed to highlight potential risk factors but it still depends on the individual circumstances and development of the child. There may be other factors present that determine whether that particular child will become involved in gang or youth violence. Similarly a child may be subject to some of the risks factors that have been identified, but they do not become involved in gang or youth violence because of other influences in their life. Young peopleÕs involvement in violence is not a new problem. Lots of approaches to tackling this issue have already been tried, and some have been successful. Knowing about these can help leaders and managers of schools and colleges to decide how to prevent the problem, while achieving maximum value for money (based on evidence of what works) and improving the chances of success. Who to involve A key issue before choosing a programme is whether to aim it at all pupils/students, at a small group, or at individuals. It is important to understand any specific issues and recognise that different groups (for example, boys and girls) can experience violence in different ways. While a universal programme may be simpler to implement, it may miss some of the more nuanced aspects of violence that affect particular groups or individuals. Some approaches may also be more suited to a targeted approach than others (for example, cognitive behavioural therapy versus social development programmes), which might shape considerations. Evidence on general approaches Some approaches to preventing violence have been extensively evaluated, but others have less evidence of effectiveness and so should be approached with caution. Mentoring, anti-bullying programmes, improving social skills, involving parents and cognitive behavioural therapy all have good evidence of success when applied appropriately. Resource B provides a summary of the evidence, highlighting approaches that have worked and those where the evidence of success is more limited. Sources of evidence There is a range of sources that provide details of the many particular programmes that might be used to tackle violence and problem behaviour in schools and colleges, see Resource C. The websites also provide information on a number of programmes that are currently being evaluated, and so do not yet have results. The approaches included below indicate the effectiveness of some of the main types of programme. Assessing specific programmes Educational establishments may have to assess evidence from specific programmes that follow one or more of the general approaches above in order to choose one that is likely to be successful for them. There are a number of key questions to consider when assessing whether particular programmes have been effective. • what is the specific outcome needed for this group or individual? • what evidence is there that a programme has achieved this outcome?