Youth custody authority Local government area The governor of a young offender institution (or, in the case of a contracted out young offender institution within the meaning given by sections 84(4) and 92(1) of the Criminal Justice Act 1991, its director) The local government area in which the young offender institution is located The governor of a secure training centre (or, in the case of a contracted out secure training centre within the meaning given by section 15 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, its director) The local government area in which the secure training centre is located The principal of a secure college The local government area in which the secure college is located The manager of a secure childrenÕs home, within the meaning given by section 102(11) of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, which is used to accommodate children remanded or sentenced to custody after being charged with or convicted of an offence The local government area in which the secure childrenÕs home is located Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices: authorised persons Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 269 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes SCHEDULE 3 Section 44 EXTRACTION OF INFORMATION FROM ELECTRONIC DEVICES: AUTHORISED PERSONS PART 1 AUTHORISED PERSONS IN RELATION TO ALL PURPOSES WITHIN SECTION 37 OR 41 A constable of a police force in England and Wales. A member of staff appointed by the chief officer of police of a police force in England and Wales. An employee of the Common Council of the City of London who is under the direction and control of a chief officer of police. A constable within the meaning of Part 1 of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012 (asp 8) (see section 99 of that Act). A member of staff appointed by the Scottish Police Authority under section 26(1) of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012. A police officer within the meaning of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 2000 (see section 77(1) of that Act). A constable of the British Transport Police Force. An employee of the British Transport Police Authority appointed under section 27 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003. A constable of the Ministry of Defence police. A National Crime Agency officer. [F10A member of the Royal Navy Police, the Royal Military Police or the Royal Air Force Police.] A person who has been engaged to provide services consisting of or including the extraction of information from electronic devices for the purposes