a result of physical injuries and other effects. Around one in five partner abuse victims reported telling healthcare professionals about this abuse.160 Therefore, it is vital health professionals are supported, via specialist training and partnership working, to respond effectively and ensure victims have an effective non-criminal justice-based support option available to them. For different bodies with the Health and Care System, working together is crucial. Care in the health service can be fragmented and patients may not have continuity of care. In England, the Health and Care Act 2022 will increase integration between health and social care and embed more power and autonomy in the hands of local systems, to deliver seamless health and social care services. Poor information recording and inadequate information sharing within the health service and between health and other organisations are recurring themes in multi- agency reviews of death and/or serious harm in domestic abuse cases.161 A multitude of factors hinder good recording and sharing - such as lack of training, lack of time, and concerns about perpetrators seeing the information. Health professionals should record and share information about suspected and actual abuse accurately to better support victims of domestic abuse. ICBs may seek to adopt and embed the good practice recommendations for recording and sharing information about domestic abuse in health services from the Pathfinder consortium commissioned report on recording and sharing information, where these are applicable. Health services should be encouraged and supported to set up robust partnerships with local domestic abuse specialist services and build referral pathways that are clear and easily accessible, to ensure staff feel confident to respond to victims. The NHS has a key role in providing care and support to victims of domestic abuse, including children, and babies through a wide range of health care services, including services for physical and mental health. Staff working in the NHS can help to identify victims and potential victims and perpetrators of domestic abuse and provide, signpost or refer them to appropriate support, for example to local safeguarding arrangements, specialist domestic abuse services, and/or the local Sexual Assault and Abuse Services Pathway for cases where domestic abuse has included sexual violence. In line with the NHS key principle that care should be based on clinical priority, health services should ensure that any and all victims of domestic abuse and their children are not unduly disadvantaged in accessing physical and mental health services when they are forced to move to new accommodation in a different area. 160 ONS. 2018. Partner abuse in detail – Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk). 161 Home Office. Domestic Homicide Reviews, Key findings from analysis of domestic homicide reviews: 2016. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Working together across agencies helps to provide support for victims. This may include attending local domestic abuse or violence against women and girls strategic group meetings, Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conferences (MARACs) and engaging with Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements (MAPPA). For more information on these see ‘Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency Response