police force byÑ (a) the chief officer of police of that force, or (b) a person for the time being carrying out the functions of the chief officer of police of that force;Ó. 22 After paragraph 29 insertÑ ÒAppeals: the relevant appeal body 30 (1) The relevant appeal body in relation to an appeal isÑ 30 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Police: complaints Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 235 (a) the Commission, in a case where the relevant complaint falls within a description of complaints specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this paragraph; or (b) the chief officer of police who is the appropriate authority in relation to the relevant complaint, in any other case. (2) In this paragraph and paragraphs 31 and 32Ñ ÒappealÓ means an appeal under paragraph 7(8), 8A, 21(7) or 25(2); Òrelevant complaintÓ, in relation to an appeal, means the complaint to which the appeal relates. 31 (1) This paragraph applies in a case whereÑ (a) an appeal is made to the Commission, and (b) the appropriate authority is the relevant appeal body in relation to the appeal. (2) The Commission mustÑ (a) forward the appeal to the appropriate authority; and (b) notify the person who made the appealÑ (i) that the appropriate authority is the relevant appeal body; and (ii) the appeal has been forwarded. (3) The appeal is to be taken to have beenÑ (a) made to the appropriate authority, and (b) so made at the time when it is forwarded to the appropriate authority. 32 (1) This paragraph applies in a case whereÑ (a) an appeal is made to the appropriate authority; and (b) the Commission is the relevant appeal body in relation to the appeal. (2) The appropriate authority mustÑ (a) forward the appeal to the Commission; and (b) notify the person who made the appealÑ (i) that the Commission is the relevant appeal body; and (ii) the appeal has been forwarded. (3) The appeal is to be taken to have beenÑ (a) made to the Commission; and (b) so made at the time when it is forwarded to the Commission.Ó. 236 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) SCHEDULE 15 Section 98 POLICE REFORM: TRANSITIONAL PROVISION PART 1 CHIEF OFFICERS OF POLICE Current chief officers to remain in post 1 (1) At the relevant commencement time a person who, immediately before that time, is in post as the existing chief officer of the police force