refused previously to answer. 234. At the conclusion of the interview, including the taking and reading back of any written statement, the time should be recorded and the recorder switched off. The master recording media should be sealed with a master label. The person conducting the interview should sign the label and ask the interviewee and any appropriate adult and other third party present during the interview to sign it also. If the interviewee or the appropriate adult refuses to sign the label, the person conducting the interview should sign it and note on the label that the interviewee has refused to do so. 235. The interviewee should be handed a notice which explains: • How the recording will be used; and • the arrangements for access to it. After the interview 236. Where the interview is not subsequently used in civil recovery proceedings, the recording media should nevertheless be kept securely in accordance with the provisions below. Recording media security 237. A second recording will be used as a working copy. The master recording is either the two recordings used in a twin deck/drive machine or the only recording in a single deck/drive machine. The working copy is either the second/third recording used in a twin/triple deck/drive machine or a copy of the master recording made by a single deck/drive machine. 238. An appropriate officer has no authority to break the seal on a master recording media, which may be required for civil recovery proceedings. The appropriate officer should make arrangements for master recordings to be kept securely and their movements accounted for. If it is necessary to gain access 187. to the master recording media, the appropriate officer must arrange for its seal to be broken in the presence of another member of staff of the appropriate officerÕs employer. The interviewee or his legal adviser must be informed of the intention to break the seal on the master recording media and given a reasonable opportunity to be present. If the interviewee or his legal representative is present, they should be invited to reseal and sign the master recording media. If either refuses or neither is present another member of staff of the appropriate officerÕs employer must do this. 239. When the master recording seal is broken, a record should be made of the procedure followed, including the date, time, place and persons present. Where the interview is not subsequently used in proceedings, the recording media should nevertheless be kept securely. 240. Where no court proceedings result, it is the responsibility of the appropriate officer to establish arrangements for the breaking of the seal on the master recording media, where this becomes necessary. Particular record of action taken under a disclosure order 241. In addition to the general provisions on taking records, the appropriate officer should also keep copies of notices in writing issued under a disclosure order (see section 357(4)) together with full details of their issue and response. 242. The record of an interview should contain the