measures are in place to mitigate this, such as the availability of extra assistance and this has been planned for in your emergency plan, it may be that the risk level can be regarded as Ônormal to higherÕ. Equally, in premises where the risk category would otherwise be ÔlowerÕ but for the fact that a small number of occupants may move slowly or need assistance, it may be appropriate to categorise the risk as ÔnormalÕ in these circumstances. If you are not sure about the level of risk that remains in your premises, you should seek advice from a competent person. 4.1 General principles Suitability of escape routes You should ensure that your escape routes are: • suitable; • easily, safely and immediately usable at all relevant times; • adequate for the number of people likely to use them; • free from any obstructions, slip or trip hazards; and • available for access by the emergency services. In multi-occupied premises, escape routes should normally be independent of other occupiers, i.e. people should not have to go through another occupierÕs premises as the route may be secured or obstructed. Where this is not possible, then robust legal agreements should be in place to ensure their availability at all times. All doors on escape routes should open in the direction of escape and ideally be fitted with a safety vision panel. This is particularly important if more than 60 people use them or they provide an exit from an area of high fire risk. At least two exits should be provided if a room/area is to be occupied by more than 60 persons. This number of 60 can be varied in proportion to the risk; for a lower risk there can be a slight increase, for a higher risk, lower numbers of persons should be allowed. Movement of persons up or down a group of not less than three steps will be so obvious to those following that they will be prepared for the change in level, but movement up or down one step is not so readily observed and may easily lead to a fall. Wherever practicable, differences of level in corridors, passages and lobbies should be overcome by the provision of inclines or ramps of gradients not exceeding 1 in 12 or steps not having less than three risers in any flight. Corridors and passages should be level for a distance of 1.5 metres in each direction from any steps. Any mirrors situated in escape routes should be sited so that persons escaping from a fire will not be thrown into confusion by any reflected image of the route they are using, or be misled as to the direction they should take to reach fire exits While not normally acceptable, the use of ladders, floor hatches, wall hatches or window exits may be suitable for small numbers of able-bodied, trained staff in exceptional circumstances. Fire-resisting construction The type and age of construction are crucial factors to consider when assessing the