or section 38B (in relation to subsection (2ZA))] by the chief officer of police of the same force as the officer giving the direction.] A chief officer of police who has granted a designation or accreditation to any person under section 38 [F443, 38B], 39 or 41 [F444or an accreditation to any weights and measures inspector under section 41A] may at any time, by notice to the designated or accredited person [F445or the accredited inspector], modify or withdraw that designation or accreditation. F446(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Where any person’s designation under section 39 is modified or withdrawn, the chief officer giving notice of the modification or withdrawal shall send a copy of the notice to the contractor responsible for supervising that person in the carrying out of the functions for the purposes of which the designation was granted. Where any person’s accreditation under section 41 is modified or withdrawn, the chief officer giving notice of the modification or withdrawal shall send a copy of the notice to the employer responsible for supervising that person in the carrying out of the functions for the purposes of which the accreditation was granted. [F447(6A) Where the accreditation of a weights and measures inspector under section 41A is modified or withdrawn, the chief officer giving notice of the modification or Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 101 withdrawal shall send a copy of the notice to the local weights and measures authority by which the inspector was appointed.] For the purposes of determining liability for the unlawful conduct of employees of a [F448chief officer of police or local policing body], conduct by such an employee in reliance or purported reliance on a designation under section 38 shall be taken to be conduct in the course of his employment by the [F448chief officer of police or local policing body]; and, in the case of a tort, [F449that chief officer or body] shall fall to be treated as a joint tortfeasor accordingly. [F450(7A) For the purposes of determining liability for the unlawful conduct of a civilian employee of a police force (within the meaning of section 38B), conduct by such an employee in reliance or purported reliance on a designation under section 38B shall be taken to be conduct in the course of the employee's employment