“Reversing the Tide.” Bard Prison Initiative. September 11, 2024. https://bpi.bard.edu/news- stories/stories/reversing-the- tide/#:~:text=Recidivism%20rates% 20for%20prisoners%20who,to%20c omplete%20an%20associate's%20d egree. Banning Checkpoint Stops to Reduce Racial Profiling and Enhance Privacy By Avery Prince, asp256@cornell.edu New York State should place a ban on checkpoint stops to protect the Fourth Amendment rights of drivers and prevent police discrimination against minority groups. Background Police set up checkpoint stops at predetermined locations where drivers who pass through are briefly stopped and questioned.1 Officers may stop any vehicle passing through the checkpoint but must follow systematic and impartial procedures, such as stopping every third vehicle, to ensure objectivity.2 These stops must be highly visible and are often publicized through billboards, radio announcements, and newspaper articles. While checkpoint stops are often brief, some result in searches or further questioning from the police, raising concerns about breaches of individual rights and privacy. The Fourth Amendment protects citizens against unreasonable search and seizure, which had its application to checkpoint stops debated in Michigan Department of State Police v. Sitz (1990), where the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of checkpoint stops.3 After this decision, checkpoint stops were determined unconstitutional in the Michigan, effectively banning their use within the state.3 Checkpoint stops set in specific areas can also lead to a disproportionate racial makeup of drivers stopped, as shown by the Department of Justice (DOJ) investigation into North Carolina’s Alamance County Sheriff’s Office.4 This investigation found that officers repeatedly selected predominantly Latino neighborhoods to set up checkpoint stops and were four to ten times more likely to stop Latino drivers than non-Latino drivers.4 Officers conducting these stops pulled over many Latino drivers without a specific cause, such as reasonable suspicion or a traffic violation, leading officers to question drivers and sometimes search vehicles after stopping them. Similarly, researchers found that New York Police Department (NYPD) checkpoints accounted for 12.1% of stops involving Native drivers, 10.9% involving Asian American and Pacific Islander drivers, 8.4% involving Black drivers, and 8.4% of stops involving Latino drivers. In contrast, only 6.5% of stops involved White drivers.5 Policy Idea New York State should issue a ban on checkpoint stops. Once the ban is implemented, sheriffs would have six months to stop using checkpoints completely. Under the ban, sheriff’s departments and police officers would be required to have a specific cause to make a stop, such as reasonable suspicion or traffic violations like speeding or a broken tail light. The New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services would work with sheriffs and police officers to reallocate resources that were previously used for checkpoints to other methods including saturation patrols and other related measures.6 The New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services would also train sheriffs and police officers to report key information about each stop, including the reason the driver was pulled over. Policy Analysis A ban on checkpoints would reduce racial discrepancies in policing by eliminating a policing method that often targets Latino and Black communities.7,8 Based on the research of several cities in California, checkpoints are often