risk assessment duty. As part of business continuity management (BCM), Category 1 responders will need to risk-assess their emergency planning arrangements and their ability to deliver their critical functions during those emergencies for which the risks are assessed to be significant. Henceforth, in this chapter, ÔhazardsÕ and ÔthreatsÕ are events which may result in an emergency, as defined above. Modification of plans 4.4. Category 1 responders are required to consider whether plans should be modified in light of the risk assessment. 4 Plan for response to an emergency 4.5. Category 1 responders need only perform a risk assessment in relation to emergencies which would or might affect the geographical area for which they are responsible.5 This includes risk sources both within and outside an LRF border including critical national infrastructure (CNI). Minister of the Crown 4.6. The Regulations enable a Minister of the Crown to issue Category 1 responders with guidance on the risk of a particular emergency. This guidance will usually take the form of likelihood and impact assessments. The Minister may provide that Category 1 responders must adopt that assessment as their own. In general, this is the approach that will be used for the assessment of risks associated with threats; central government will provide statements of the likelihood and impacts of broad threat 4 s. 2(1)(e) 5 regulation 13 categories within the Local Risk Assessment Guidance (LRAG) 6 and the National Risk Register (NRR).7 Planning figures for the generic consequences of these threats categories are provided in the National Resilience Planning Assumptions (NRPAs).8 In these cases, a responder must not assess the likelihood of that emergency occurring itself; it must rely on the Ministerial assessment. 4.7. Alternatively, the Minister may provide that Category 1 responders must Òhave regardÓ to the Ministerial assessment. In such cases, responders must conduct a subsequent risk assessment of their own. They must take the Ministerial assessment into account, but if there are particular reasons to depart from that assessment (e.g. because there are peculiar local features which have not been taken into account in the Ministerial assessment), a responder may do so. This is how generic local likelihood assessments of hazards - in the form of the LRAG - will be provided to Category 1 responders in the Local Resilience Forums (LRFs) by the government departments and agencies that are best placed to make those assessments (e.g. the Environment Agency for coastal flooding, and the Health and Safety Executive for industrial accidents). Frequency 4.8. The Act also states that the risk assessment should be updated Òfrom time to timeÓ. 9 This must be interpreted in light of the purpose of the risk assessment duty and the duty on responders to perform their duties under the Act in a Òreasonable fashionÓ. Thus, Category 1 responders should assess risk as often as is necessary, taking into account the annually updated Local Risk Assessment Guidance (LRAG), to ensure that they are in a reasonable position to maintain and 6 The LRAG is issued by the