the notice lapses under this section, or the cash is released under a power conferred by this Chapter. If no objection is made within the period for objecting, and the notice has not lapsed, the cash is forfeited (subject to section 297E). If an objection is made within the period for objecting, the notice lapses. If an application is made for the forfeiture of the whole or any part of the cash under section 298, the notice lapses. If the cash or any part of it is released under a power conferred by this Chapter, the notice lapses or (as the case may be) lapses in relation to that part. An objection may be made by anyone, whether a recipient of the notice or not. An objection means a written objection sent to the address specified in the notice; and an objection is made when it is received at the address. An objection does not prevent forfeiture of the cash under section 298. Nothing in this section affects the validity of an order under section 295(2). 297D Detention following lapse of notice This section applies if— a forfeiture notice is given in respect of any cash, the notice lapses under section 297C(4), and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 89 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the period for which detention of the cash was authorised under section 295(2) has expired. The cash may be detained for a further period of up to 48 hours (calculated in accordance with section 295(1B)). But if within that period the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, a constable or an accredited financial investigator decides that neither of the applications mentioned in subsection (4) ought to be made, the cash must be released. The applications are— an application for a further order under section 295(2); an application for forfeiture of the cash under section 298. “ If within that period an application is made for a further order under section 295(2) the cash may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. ” 297E Application to set aside forfeiture This section applies if any cash is forfeited in pursuance of a forfeiture notice. A person aggrieved by the forfeiture may apply to a magistrates' court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland for an order setting aside the forfeiture of the cash or any part of it. The application must be made before the end of the period of 30 days starting with the day on which the period for objecting ended. But