assisting a designated or accredited person [F462or an accredited inspector] in the execution of his duty, is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale, or to both. (3) Any person who, with intent to deceiveÑ (a) impersonates a designated person [F464, an accredited person or an accredited inspector] , (b) makes any statement or does any act calculated falsely to suggest that he is a designated person [F465, that he is an accredited person or that he is an accredited inspector] , or (c) makes any statement or does any act calculated falsely to suggest that he has powers as a designated or accredited person [F466or as an accredited inspector] that exceed the powers he actually has, is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or to both. (4) In this section references to the execution by a designated person [F467, accredited person or accredited inspector] of his duty are references to his exercising any power or performing any duty which is his by virtue of his designation or accreditation. [F468(5) References in this section to a designated person are toÑ (a) a designated person within the meaning given by section 47(1), and (a) 106 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) a person in relation to whom a designation under section 38B is for the time being in force.] 47 Interpretation of Chapter 1 (1) In this ChapterÑ [F469Òaccredited inspectorÓ means a weights and measures inspector in relation to whom an accreditation under section 41A is for the time being in force;] Òaccredited personÓ means a person in relation to whom an accreditation under section 41 is for the time being in force; Òcommunity safety functionsÓ means any functions the carrying out of which would be facilitated by the ability to exercise one or more of the powers mentioned in Schedule 5; ÒconductÓ includes omissions and statements; Òdesignated personÓ means a person in relation to whom a designation under section 38 or 39 is for the time being in force; F470. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .