criteria, will be placed on a waiting list until a place becomes available. Likewise employees joining the organisation with a current first aid at work certificate cannot be guaranteed a first aider role where no vacancy exists and will be placed on a waiting list pending a vacancy. Every effort will be made to allocate staff to vacancies on a Ôfirst comeÕ basis however where a vacancy urgently needs to be filled those with a current first aid at work certificate may be given priority. First Aid Training Police Officers, Police Community Support Officers and Special Constables All police officers, special constables and police community support officers are trained to NPIA First aid module 2 (equivalent to the HSE Emergency First Aid at Work) as part of their initial Officer Safety Training (OST). Ongoing first aid refresher training is provided as part of the Officer Safety Training refresher courses. Force Tactical Medics (TFU and PSU) All Tactical Medics receive the enhanced first aid training (NPIA Module 4) in addition to the standard NPIA First Aid Learning Programme module 2 first aid training and refresher training provided to all police officers. They also attend a one day Immediate Life Support Course as a refresher every year. Firearms Officers All Firearms Officers receive the enhanced first aid training (NPIA Module 5) in addition to the standard NPIA Module 2 first aid training and refresher training provided to all police officers. They also attend one day refresher training every year. Custody Sergeants / Detention Officers All custody staff receive a specific custody first aid module (NPIA module 3) in addition to the standard NPIA Module 2 first aid training and refresher training provided to all police officers. Officer Safety Trainers and Physical Training Instructors All Officer Safety Trainers and Physical Training Instructors are trained to HSE First aid at Work standard as a requirement of their role. Recording and Monitoring of Trained First Aid Staff The Learning and Development Department will ensure that details of: • staff who are first aid trained • first aid trained provided • dates of training • expiry dates of certification are recorded and kept up to date on the appropriate Force computer system. First Aid Containers Workplace First Aid Containers A standard first aid container, supplied with a sufficient quantity of suitable first aid materials will be provided for every workplace. Large or multi floor sites may require more than one container. The container should be immediately identifiable, readily accessible and appropriately sited. A suitable first aid notice will be displayed in every workplace explaining where the first aid container is located and who the first aiders are. Workplace First Aid Container ContentsÐ Green plastic box or bag with first aid markings • 1 guidance card • 20 individual sterile adhesive plasters • 2 sterile eye pads with attachment • 4 triangular bandages (individually wrapped and preferably sterile) • 6 safety pins • 6 sterile medium sized wound dressings • 2 sterile large wound dressings • 2