is not recorded where it is not reasonably practicable to do so. This could be due to failure of the equipment or lack of a suitable interview room or recorder 187. if the person conducting the interview has reasonable grounds for considering that the interview should not be delayed until the failure has been rectified or a suitable room or recorder becomes available. 214. In such cases the interview should be recorded in writing. In all cases, the person conducting the interview should make a note in specific terms of the reasons for not recording. 215. The written record should be made and completed during the interview, unless this would not be practicable or would interfere with the conduct of the interview, and should constitute either a verbatim record of what has been said or, failing this, an account of the interview which adequately and accurately summarises it. 216. If a written record is not made during the interview it should be made as soon as practicable after its completion. 217. Written interview records should be timed and signed by the maker. 218. If a written record is not completed during the interview the reason should be recorded in the record of interview. 219. Unless it is impracticable, the interviewee should be given the opportunity to read the record of interview and to sign it as correct or to indicate how they consider it inaccurate. If the interviewee cannot read or refuses to read the record or sign it, the person conducting the interview should read it to them and ask whether they would like to sign it as correct or make their mark or to indicate how they consider it inaccurate. The appropriate officer should certify on the interview record itself what has occurred. 220. If the interviewee is unable for any reason to sign the note they may authorise any person present at the interview to sign it on their behalf. 221. If the appropriate adult or the intervieweeÕs solicitor is present during the interview, they should also be given an opportunity to read and sign the interview record or any written statement taken down during the interview. 222. A written record should be made of any comments made by the interviewee, including unsolicited comments, which are outside the context of an interview but which might be relevant. Any such record should be timed and signed by the maker. When practicable, the interviewee should be given the opportunity to read that record and to sign it as correct or to indicate how they consider it inaccurate. 223. If the interviewee cannot read or refuses to read the written record of comments or sign it, the appropriate officer should read it to them and ask whether they would like to sign it as correct or make their mark or to indicate how they consider it inaccurate. The person conducting the interview should certify on the written record itself what has occurred. 187. 224. When an interviewee agrees to read