not made at the time then the appropriate person should do so as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter and also set out the reasons for the delay in making the record. There may be situations when it is not practicable to obtain all of the information necessary to complete a record, but the appropriate person should make every reasonable effort to do so, and if necessary, complete a partial record. The record should include: • the address of the premises searched (and if relevant and possible the part of those premises searched); • Where a vehicle is searched, the location of that vehicle; • the date, time and duration of the search; • the warrant under which the search was made (a copy of the warrant should be appended to the record or kept in a place identified in the record); • the name of the appropriate person, subject to the provisions in POCA relating to pseudonyms of members of staff of a relevant Director; • the names and dates of birth of any people on the premises if they are known34; • the names and details of any witnesses; 33 Section 356(5). 34 When considering whether to request and make a record of someoneÕs personal details, the appropriate person should be aware of the need for proportionality to avoid any unjustifiable interference with a personÕs right to private and family life under article 8 of the ECHR.. • any grounds for refusing the ownerÕs, occupierÕs or the person who is entitled to grant accessÕs request to have someone present during the search as set out in paragraph 9735; • either a list of any material seized or a note of where such a list is kept and, if not covered by a warrant, the grounds for their seizure; • details of any damage to property or injury to person caused during the search, and the circumstances in which it was caused; • confirmation that the premises were left secured and by what means; and • any other relevant information. 106. The search and seizure warrant must be endorsed by the appropriate person to show: • whether any material was seized; • the date and time at which it was executed; • subject to the provisions relating to pseudonyms of members of the staff of the relevant Director, the name of the appropriate person who executed it; and • whether a copy of the warrant, together with a copy of the Notice of Powers and Rights, was handed to the owner, occupier or person entitled to grant access; or whether it was endorsed and left on the premises together with the copy notice and, if so, where. Search register 107. The record of the search should be maintained in a suitable form, i.e. the record should be easily accessible, retrievable and subject to reasonable rules for storage, in particular in relation to the length of time before the record is destroyed. 108. Unless it is impracticable to do so,