The Secretary of State may, in connection with the exercise by the Secretary of State of any function relating to the police or policing, require a representative body to give the Secretary of State advice on any matter. (2) A requirement under subsection (1) may specify the period within which the advice is to be given. (3) A representative body must comply with a requirement under subsection (1). (4) In a case whereÑ (a) the Secretary of State makes such a request, and (b) the representative body gives the advice (and, where applicable, does so within the period specified), the Secretary of State must have regard to the advice in that exercise of that function. (5) In this section Òrepresentative bodyÓ means any body which appears to the Secretary of State to represent the professional views of members of one or more police forces. 81 Abolition of certain powers of Secretary of State In the Police Act 1996, omitÑ (a) section 38 (performance targets for police strategic priorities); (b) section 39 (codes of practice for police authorities); (c) section 43 (reports from police authorities to Secretary of State). (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 77 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 82 Suspension and removal of senior police officers (1) The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. (2) Section 42 (removal of chief constables etc) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (11). (3) For the title substitute Ò Metropolitan police: suspension or removal of Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner Ó. (4) For subsections (1) to (1B) substituteÑ Ò(1) The Secretary of State may require the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to exercise the power under section 48 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (the Ò2011 ActÓ) to call upon the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, to retire or resign. (1A) The Secretary of State may also require the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to exercise the power under section 48 of the 2011 Act to suspend the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, if the Secretary of State considers that it is necessary for the maintenance of public confidence in the metropolitan police force for that police officer to be suspended.Ó. (5) In subsection (2), for the words before paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(2) Before requiring the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to exercise its power to call upon the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, to retire or resign, the Secretary of State shallÑÓ. (6) In subsection (2A), for the