can assist in alleviating the witnessÕs anxiety and fears. As the case progresses, the witness may receive additional help and support from the Witness Service (which includes Victim Support). This is run by volunteers and offers: information on what takes place at court emotional support and confidential advice a familiarisation visit to the court courtroom support for the witness Police officers who are witnesses are not immune to similar fears and anxieties, especially when they have witnessed traumatic or unusual events. Force welfare departments can provide advice and guidance to officers in these circumstances. For further information see: Victim Support (2011) Left in the Dark: Why Victims of Crime Need to Be Kept Informed Getting support as a victim of crime Easy read victims' guides Victim personal statement A victim personal statement explains, in a victims own words, how a crime has affected them, whether physically, emotionally, financially or in any other way. It can help service providers consider what additional support a victim and/or their family may require. A victim has the Right under the VictimÕs Code to make a Victim Personal Statement. See Right 7 for further detail. Sources of support In some circumstances, this support may be provided by verbal reassurances from a named investigator, family members or close friends. In more serious investigations, support may also be provided by deploying specially trained officers, such as a: family liaison officer (FLO) sexual offence liaison officer/specially trained officer domestic violence officer and/or coordinator neighbourhood policing officer and/or police community support officer There are also a number of organisations that provide valuable services to witnesses, including: Victim Support schemes Ð including the witness service, victim focus scheme and victim support homicide service. sexual assault referral centres social services health service race equality councils gay and lesbian support groups religious organisations or groups Embrace child victims of crime For further information see: Provision of Therapy for Child Witnesses Prior to a Criminal Trial Compensation Witness anonymity The Coroners and Justice Act 2009 covers persons for whom anonymity is needed to protect their safety (including where intimidation is feared) or the safety of others, or to prevent serious damage to property, or in order to prevent real harm to public interest. It re-enacts the provisions of the Criminal Evidence (Witness Anonymity) Act 2008. The Act allows the courts to continue to grant anonymity to witnesses (where this is consistent with a defendantÕs right to a fair trial and where certain conditions are met) through witness anonymity orders (WAOs). Further information is provided in CPS (2009) The DirectorÕs Guidance on Witness Anonymity. It also allows the courts to grant investigation anonymity orders (IAOs) to persons from the early stages of the criminal justice process (where certain conditions are met). IAOs and WAOs serve different purposes at different stages of the criminal justice process. Investigation anonymity orders Encouraging potential witnesses to come forward and provide a statement with a view to giving evidence at trial is widely acknowledged to be one of the