outcomes of shared appreciation mortgage holders with the outcomes of other first-time homebuyers in metropolitan areas.7 The results showed that shared appreciation mortgage purchasers had Òsignificantly less mortgage debtÓ and were Òless likely to have a home equity line of credit.Ó7 Furthermore, the study observed no significant difference between shared appreciation and non-shared mortgage holders when analyzing 90- to 180-day delinquencies.7 This demonstrates that shared appreciation mortgage holders were maintaining homeownership at a similar rate to those with non- shared appreciation mortgages, highlighting the longevity of the programÕs effectiveness. Highlights • Homeownership rates have declined for young adults due to strict lending practices following the Great Recession and high home prices over the past decade.1 • Shared appreciation mortgages are structured as deferred, interest-free loans repaid upon sale or refinancing, with homeowners sharing a percentage of any appreciation.5 • Local and state housing authorities should utilize Community Development Block Grant funds to subsidize community financial institutions in providing shared appreciation mortgages to borrowers. • Housing authorities should ensure that strict oversight is kept over financial institutions to ensure predatory lending practices do not occur. Implementation Local and state housing authorities should use Community Development Block Grant funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to ÒsponsorÓ certain financial institutions in providing shared appreciation mortgages. Local and state governments should prioritize collaborating with local community banks and credit unions for loan distribution, as local financial institutions are often more attuned to the unique needs of residents compared to larger financial institutions.8 Nevertheless, strict oversight is essential: local and state housing authorities must develop clear regulatory frameworks and monitoring practices to prevent predatory lending and ensure responsible loan distribution. This may include regular financial reports on the programÕs efficacy. Furthermore, if the necessary funds are available, the government should contract an outside firm to evaluate the programÕs effectiveness. Local and state housing authorities should ensure their shared appreciation mortgages rely on diverse funding sources. While federal block grants, such as the Community Development Block Grant, can be the primary source of subsidies for these mortgages, governments should work with financial institutions to finance these loans via alternative means, such as through mortgage-backed securities or government bonds. Housing authorities can also consider reaching out to philanthropic organizations or private investors who may be interested in the housing market. Clear eligibility requirements are crucial to ensure the program reaches its target demographic. For example, the shared appreciation mortgage program in Boulder, Colorado, mandates that enrollees have a family income at 80% of the areaÕs median, enrollees must work within the cityÕs formal limits, and enrollees must participate in a financial literacy class for buying a home.9 Programs can also create rules limiting the location, price range, and type of home that can be purchased with a shared appreciation mortgage. For example, Arlington, VirginiaÕs program does not allow homes to be bought with a shared appreciation mortgage if its price exceeds $500,000.9 This helps to finetune shared appreciation mortgage programs to align with