single homeless people across England and Wales. University of Wales, Crisis: 2014. 81 Surviving Economic Abuse. ’Economic abuse is your past, present and future’: A report on the practical barriers women face in rebuilding their lives after domestic abuse: 2018. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Impact on child victims Domestic abuse has a significant impact on children and young people of all ages (up to 18 years old). Section 3 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (‘the 2021 Act’) recognises children as victims of domestic abuse for the purposes of the Act if the child sees, hears, or experiences the effects of the abuse, and is related to, or falls under “parental responsibility” of, the victim and/or perpetrator of the domestic abuse. A child might therefore be considered a victim of domestic abuse under the 2021 Act where one parent is abusing another parent, or where a parent is abusing, or being abused by, a partner or relative. There is limited data on the prevalence of children and young people experiencing domestic abuse being perpetrated by or directed towards a relative. Estimates suggest that between March 2017 to 2019, 7% of children aged ten to 15 years old were living in households where an adult reported experiencing domestic abuse in the previous year.82 For the year ending March 2018, victims of partner abuse were asked whether any children in the house heard or saw what happened during the most recent victimisation. In 41% of cases where adults aged 16 to 59 reported having experienced partner abuse, there was at least one child under the age of 16 living in the household. Where children were living in the household, one in five were reported to have either seen or heard what had happened.83 The presence of domestic abuse has been identified as a risk factor for child physical abuse, with children who were exposed to domestic violence being more likely to be physically abused and neglected.84 In their 2020 annual report, the Child Safeguarding Practice Review Panel found that domestic abuse was featured in 43% of incidents involving serious harm and 41% of fatal incidents.85 For the most high-risk cases of domestic abuse that are referred locally to Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conferences (MARAC), there were an estimated 13 children for every ten cases (2019 to 2020), further highlighting the prevalence of children and young people affected by domestic abuse.86 It should be noted that evidence suggests many children who experience domestic abuse are not identified and may therefore miss out on support. Children are not a homogenous group, and there is a range of factors that may determine the nature of their experience - including age, sex, disability, race and socio- economic context. Professionals should develop an individual response for every child and young person affected, including for siblings.87 82 ONS. Childhood vulnerability to victimisation in England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): data year ending March 2017 to year ending March 2019. 83 ONS. Partner abuse in