name records data is retained for up to 5 years. Advance passenger information may be retained for 10 years. Arrest and detention records may be held for 6 years. We continue to keep retention periods under review to ensure they meet our role of securing the UK border and ensuring we can support those who are seeking to enter or remain in the UK. A blanket moratorium to prevent the destruction of all Home O?ce business information, including all operational records and case files, was introduced in 2015 as a result of the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA). Although the requirement to preserve information for IICSA no longer exists, the mechanisms to prevent the destruction of information will remain until work to replace with targeted moratoria has concluded. It does not apply where there is a statutory requirement to delete data. How to get a copy of your personal information You can request y our personal information. Under the UK GDPR you also have the right to object to and ask to restrict our use of your personal information, and to ask us to rectify or delete your personal information. However, there may be a number of legal or other o?cial reasons why we need to continue to keep or use your data. If you want to exercise these rights please email us at: subjectaccessrequest@homeo?ce.gov.uk Postal applications may be made at: Subject Access Request Unit Lunar House, 40 Wellesley Road Croydon CR9 2BY How to complain If you are not satisfied with the service that you have received, please contact the department within the Home O?ce which has been handling your case. You also have the right to complain to the Information CommissionerÕs O?ce about the way we handle your personal data or respond to your requests for access to your personal data or the exercise of your other rights under the UK GDPR or the UK Data Protection Act 2018. You can contact the Information CommissionerÕs O?ce by telephone on 0303 123 1113. Website: Information CommissionerÕs O?ce Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 2009 CHAPTER