1959 (Òthe 1959 ActÓ) makes it an offence for a common prostitute to loiter or solicit in a street or public place for the purpose of prostitution. The offence currently applies to both adults and children and young persons aged 10 years or over. 53. Section 68(7) amends section 1 of the 1959 Act so that the offence of loitering or soliciting for the purposes of prostitution applies only to persons aged 18 and over. It, in effect, decriminalises under-18s selling sex in the street and in doing so again recognises children as victims in such circumstances rather than consenting participants (buying sex from an under-18 in any circumstances would remain illegal). The offence 54. This section creates a new offence of possession of a paedophile manual, which is any item that contains advice or guidance about abusing children sexually. For these purposes an ããitemÓ includes anything in which information of any description is recorded (and could therefore include, for example, an electronic audio/video file). 55. There are already a number of criminal offences that seek to prevent the possession, creation and distribution of indecent images of children, and the dissemination of obscene material. However, existing offences do not criminalise mere possession of material containing advice and guidance about grooming and abusing a child sexually. The new offence plugs the gap in the law by criminalising this behaviour. 1. Defence 56. Possible defences include that the individual concerned had a legitimate reason for being in possession of the material, or that he had not himself seen the material; and did not know, nor had any cause to suspect it to be a paedophile manual. A further defence would be that the person had received the material unsolicited and did not keep it for an unreasonable time. 57. Further, in recognition of the sensitivity of this type of offence, the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions (in England and Wales), or the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland (in Northern Ireland) is required before a prosecution can be brought. Forfeiture 58. The offence allows for the most commonly used and broad power of forfeiture, which is contained in section 143 of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000. Section 143 provides a general power of forfeiture allowing the courts to make an order depriving an offender of his or her rights to articles used, or intended to be used, in the commission or facilitating of an offence and conferring power on the police to take possession of the property. In addition, section 5 of and the Schedule to the Protection of Children Act 1978 confers on the police the power to forfeit any indecent photograph or pseudo-photograph of a child, and any property which it is not reasonably practicable to separate from that property following any lawful seizure. These powers will also apply to paedophile manuals. 1. Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 59. Under the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 (ããthe FGM Act??) it is an offence for