in line with possession of such articles in the community. This will allow longer sentences to be given for the more serious offences and may have general benefits in relation to public confidence in the fairness of the justice system. Criminalisation will also ensure that more serious weapon possession offences are punished through the Criminal Justice System (ÒCJSÓ) rather than the adjudication system, which is sometimes less appropriate for punishing more serious offences. Punishing some incidents of weapon possession through the CJS will also ensure that these incidents appear on the offendersÕ criminal records, allowing the police to more adequately assess the risk of these offenders should they go on to reoffend. This information can also be used in any future sentencing decisions, where relevant. The new offence may also have general benefits as regards the safety of prisoners and staff in prison, although the magnitude of this is uncertain as the evidence on deterrence is mixed. Key assumptions/sensitivities/risks Discount rate (%) N/A We use internal NOMS operational data and published data from three existing offences to estimate: the volume of cases for the new offence referred to the police; the likely number of subsequent prosecutions; the proportion of cases tried in the magistratesÕ Court vs. the Crown Court; the proportion of defendants found guilty and the average custodial sentence length given. We assume a constant number of referrals/prosecutions over time. We assume that all convicted offenders will be given a custodial sentence, which will be served consecutively to their existing sentence. The main risks are that there are more referrals/prosecutions and that more are tried in the Crown Court where costs (including legal aid costs) tend to be higher. There is also the risk, that offenders are given longer custodial sentences. See the assumptions and risks section below for full details. BUSINESS ASSESSMENT (Option 1) Direct impact on business (Equivalent Annual) £m: In scope of OITO? Measure qualifies as Costs: £0m Benefits: £0m Net: £0m No Zero net cost Evidence Base (for summary sheets) Introduction 1. It is currently a criminal offence under the Prison Act 1952 to convey a range of items into or out of prisons, or to pass them to prisoners, or leave them in a place where they could come into the possession of prisoners. The Prison Act sets out three lists of items at reducing levels of seriousness with corresponding maximum penalties: Prohibited items are classified as List A, List B or List C items, as set out below: * List A items Ð controlled drugs, explosives, firearms or ammunition and any other offensive weapon Ð Maximum penalty: 10 yearsÕ imprisonment or unlimited fine * List B items - alcohol, mobile telephones, cameras, sound recording devices (or constituent part of the latter three items) Ð Maximum penalty: 2 yearsÕ imprisonment or unlimited fine. * List C items - tobacco, money, clothing, food, drink, letters, paper, books, tools, information technology equipment. Ð Maximum penalty: level 3 fine (currently, £1,000). 2. It is not currently a