a structural survey, unless you suspect that the structure is damaged or any structural fire protection is missing or damaged, but rather an informed look around to see if there are any easy paths through which smoke and fire may spread and what you can do to stop that. In general, older buildings will have more void areas, possibly hidden from view, which will allow smoke and fire to spread away from its source. Whatever your type of building, you may need to consider typical situations that may assist the spread of fire and smoke such as: • vertical shafts, e.g. lifts, open stairways, dumb waiters or holes for moving stock around; • false ceilings, especially if they are not fire- stopped above walls; • voids behind wall panelling; • unsealed holes in walls and ceilings where pipe work, cables or other services have been installed; and • doors, particularly to stairways, which are ill-fitting or routinely left open. 1.9 Particular hazards in corridors and stairways used as escape routes Items that are a source of fuel, pose an ignition risk, or are combustible and likely to increase the fire loading or spread of fire, should not be located on any corridor or, stairway or circulation space that will be used as an escape route. Such items include: • portable heaters, e.g. bottled gas (LPG) or electric radiant heaters and electric convectors or boilers; • gas cylinders for supplying heaters; • cooking appliances; and • unenclosed gas pipes, meters, and other fittings. However, where more than one escape route is available and depending on the findings of your risk assessment, items such as those below may be acceptable if the minimum exit widths are maintained and the item presents a relatively low fire risk: • non-combustible lockers; • vending machines; • small items of electrical equipment (e.g. photocopiers); and • small coat racks and/or small quantities of upholstered furniture which meets BS 7176 or the Furniture and Furnishings (Fire) (Safety) Regulations 1988. 1.10 Insulated core panels Many buildings have insulated core panels as exterior cladding or for internal structures (Figure 17) and partitions. The food industry, in particular, uses insulated core panels because they are easy to clean and facilitate consistent temperature control within the premises. The simple construction of these panels enables alterations and for additional internal partitions to be erected with minimum disruption to business. Figure 17: Insulated core panels Ð internal They normally consist of a central insulated core, sandwiched between an inner and outer metal skin. There is no air gap. The external surface is then normally coated with a PVC covering to improve weather resistance or the aesthetic appeal of the panel. The central core can be made of various insulating materials, ranging from virtually non-combustible through to highly combustible. Differing fire hazards are associated with common types of insulation, when the panels are subjected to certain temperatures. Typical examples are: • Mineral rock/modified phenolic will produce surface char and little smoke or gaseous combustion