of that Act (variation of sexual offences prevention order or foreign travel order by court in England and Wales), and (k) section 136ZI of that Act (variation of sexual risk order made in Scotland by court in England and Wales). (6) If a list has been published, the person who prepared it must keep it under review and may, from time to time, prepare a revised list (but see subsections (7) and (8)). (7) If the function under subsection (6) is for the time being exercisable by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State may direct a relevant person to exercise that function. (8) If the function under subsection (6) is for the time being exercisable by a relevant person, the Secretary of State may direct that the function is to be exercisable by another relevant person or by the Secretary of State. (9) A list published under this section may at any time be withdrawn by the Secretary of State. (10) Subsections (2) to (9) apply to a revised list as they apply to a list prepared under subsection (1). (11) In this sectionÑ ÒchildÓ means a person under 18; Òrelevant personÓ means a person whose statutory functions relate toÑ (a) the prevention or detection of crime, or (b) other law enforcement purposes; ÒUnited Kingdom nationalÓ meansÑ (a) a British citizen, a British overseas territories citizen, a British National (Overseas) or a British Overseas citizen, (b) a person who under the British Nationality Act 1981 is a British subject, or (c) a British protected person within the meaning of that Act; ÒUnited Kingdom residentÓ means an individual who is resident in the United Kingdom. 173 Requirement for courts and certain persons to have regard to the list of countries (1) In section 346 of the Sentencing Code (exercise of power to make sexual harm prevention order)Ñ (a) the existing text becomes subsection (1), and (a) 202 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) after that subsection insertÑ Ò(2) If a list has been published under section 172 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (list of countries where children are at a high risk of sexual abuse or sexual exploitation) and has not been withdrawn, the court must have regard to the list in consideringÑ (a) whether a sexual harm prevention order is necessary for the purpose of protecting children generally, or any particular children, from sexual harm from the offender outside