Mental Health on ÔA need to belong: what leads girls to join gangsÕ which surveyed young people who had been arrested, found that girls with links to gangs were four times more likely than other girls entering the Youth Justice System to report poor relationships with their families and peers.4 Gang association in girls was also found to be linked to parental imprisonment, substance misuse or poor mental health; victimisation such as neglect, sexual or physical abuse, and witnessing or experiencing domestic violence; a history of going missing from home, poor educational performance and exclusion from school. Also, over a quarter of gang- involved young women were identified by workers as having a suspected diagnosable mental health problem, many also had self-harmed and had eating, sleeping or behavioural problems. 4.2. Issues to consider when applying for a gang injunction against a female respondent Applicants must always ensure that the injunction is tailored to the specific circumstances of the respondent and is understood as part of a broader strategy. In the case of gang-associated women and girls, the heightened risk they face owing to their gender must be properly considered. Although by no means exhaustive, the list below outlines specific issues that applicants should consider when dealing with a female respondent: • Applicants may be likely to apply for an injunction against a female respondent for ÔencouragingÕ or ÔassistingÕ gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing, rather than for ÔengagingÕ in such violence directly. Female respondents may not, therefore, immediately recognise that they are doing anything wrong because they themselves may not be committing acts of gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. They may also be being coerced by 3 Beckett, H et al. ItÕs wrongÉ but you get used to it: A qualitative study of gang-associated sexual violence towards, and exploitation of, young people in England.Ó November 2013, http://www.beds.ac.uk/ data/assets/pdf_file/0005/293234/Gangs-Report-final.pdf. This study was commissioned by the Office of the ChildrenÕs Commissioner for England as part of its Inquiry into CSE in groups and gangs. 4 Available at http://www.centreformentalhealth.org.uk/a-need-to-belong 12 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing a partner, friend, or relative to engage or assist in such violence. Before these women and girls are faced with an injunction, it is important that efforts are made to educate them about the harm that their involvement in gangs is causing, including risk to themselves via such association, and to raise awareness of or refer them to appropriate support services in their local area. • A woman or girl involved with a gang may have close personal or familial relationships with gang members. This will need to be taken into account when applicants propose injunction prohibitions and requirements, to ensure that the injunction can meet its aims without disproportionately infringing upon the rights of the respondent. When there are close personal or familial relationships between individuals against whom a prohibition of non-association has been ordered, there is a high likelihood of breach. In such situations, the prohibition will need to