was seized or who have an interest in the material or their representative can be present. 111. All reasonable steps should be taken to accommodate an interested personÕs request to be present, provided the request is reasonable and subject to the need to prevent harm to, interference with, or unreasonable delay to the investigatory process. If an examination proceeds in the absence of an interested person who asked to attend or their representative, the appropriate person who exercised the search and seizure warrant must give that person a written notice of why the examination was carried out in those circumstances. If it is necessary for security reasons or to maintain confidentiality, appropriate persons may exclude interested persons from decryption or other processes which facilitate the examination but do not form part of it. 112. It is the responsibility of the appropriate person to ensure that, where appropriate, property is returned in accordance with sections 53 to 55 of the CJPA. Material which is not retainable (i.e. because it is legally privileged material, excluded material or falls outside the terms of the warrant) must be separated from the rest of the seized property and returned as soon as reasonably practicable after the examination of all the seized property has been completed. Delay is only warranted if very clear and compelling reasons 1. exist; for example, the unavailability of the person to whom the material is to be returned or the need to agree a convenient time to return a very large volume of material. Legally privileged or excluded material which cannot be retained must be returned as soon as reasonably practicable and without waiting for the whole examination to be completed. As set out in section 58 of the CJPA, material must be returned to the person from whom it was seized, except where it is clear that some other person has a better right to it. 113. Where an appropriate person involved in the investigation has reasonable grounds to believe that a person with a relevant interest in property seized under section 50 of the CJPA intends to make an application under section 59 for the return of any legally privileged or excluded material, the appropriate officer must be informed and the material seized must be kept secure in accordance with section 61. 114. The responsibility for ensuring property is properly secured rests ultimately with the appropriate person and the appropriate officer, even if there is a separate person delegated with this specific task. Securing involves making sure that the property is not examined, copied or put to any other use except with the consent of the applicant or in accordance with the directions of the appropriate judicial authority. Any such consent or directions must be recorded in writing and signed by both the applicant or judicial authority and the appropriate person. 115. Where an appropriate person exercises a power of seizure conferred by section 50 of the CJPA, that appropriate person must at the earliest opportunity and unless it