for rent will give residents the opportunity to purchase a 10% (or more) stake in their home and to purchase further shares in future. • Launched a pilot of Voluntary Right to Buy in the Midlands, giving thousands of housing association residents the opportunity to own their home. We are firmly committed to ensuring that new social housing supply is well-designed and beautiful. Local councils and housing associations have long delivered some beautiful and innovative affordable homes, epitomised by the award of the countryÕs top architecture and design award - the Stirling Prize Ð to the Goldsmith Street development by Norwich Council last year37. We heard from residents of the importance of building more affordable homes, and the importance of good design in preventing poor perceptions and stigma. So we want to encourage more Goldsmith Street developments and support better design everywhere, building on the long tradition created by the Victorian housing philanthropists that have given us model designs such as the Rowntree village at New Earswick, which is now pioneering new energy efficient homes. We have: • Amended the National Planning Policy Framework and published a new national design guide to emphasise the importance of beauty and good design. • Emphasised through our new National Design Guide the importance of building beautiful and well-designed social homes. Building more affordable homes 141. Since 2010, over 486,600 new affordable homes have been built, including 346,100 for rent, of which 142,400 have been for social rent.38 But we know that we must do more. In September 2020 we announced the details of our new £11.5bn Affordable Homes Programme39, which represents the highest single funding commitment to affordable housing in a decade. The new Affordable Homes Programme will deliver up to 180,000 homes, with half the homes available for Social and Affordable Rent, and the remainder for affordable home ownership through our new shared ownership model. To support our ambition to level up the country, affordable housing providers will be able to develop homes for Social Rent anywhere in England. 37 https://www.architecture.com/awards-and-competitions-landing-page/awards/riba-stirling-prize 38 Live Table 1000 and Live Table 1012 Ð covers period from 2010-11 and includes provisional data from 2019-20 from Live Table 1012 https://www. gov.uk/government/statistical-data-sets/live-tables-on-affordable-housing-supply 39 https://www.gov.uk/government/news/jenrick-unveils-huge-12-billion-boost-for-affordable-homes The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 65 142. The social housing Green Paper explored what difference providing long-term certainty on funding for new affordable housing would make to the ambitions of housing associations and other private registered providers. The new Affordable Homes Programme includes £2bn for long-term partnerships delivering homes up to 2028/29, giving housing associations the long-term certainty they have asked for in order to build more homes. This new investment builds on the existing £9bn Affordable Homes Programme which will deliver around 250,000 new affordable homes by 2023. 143. The social housing Green Paper also trailed the role of guarantees in supporting housing associations to build more homes. At Spring Statement 2019 a new £3bn Affordable Homes Guarantee Scheme was announced, building on the success of the