and that nothing which could cause an obstruction, e.g. display material, is fixed near the vents. It is important that any smoke can flow easily into the reservoirs and that nothing which could cause an obstruction, e.g. large advertising displays, is fixed near the vents. In shopping complexes the front of individual shops often forms part of the smoke control design. If your building has smoke vents fitted, or any other form of smoke control, then you may need to seek advice from someone who is competent in such systems. Further information on smoke control can be found from CIBSE Guide E64 or from the BRE.65 Figure 18: Smoke vents 50 1.12 Arson Recent studies indicate that, across all premises types, over 2,100 deliberately set fires, resulting in two deaths and 55 injuries, occur every week. In shops it is estimated that 44% of all fires are deliberately set.*51 All premises can be targeted either deliberately or just because they offer easy access. Be aware of other small, deliberately set fires in the locality, which can indicate an increased risk to your premises. Be suspicious of any small ÔaccidentalÕ fires on the premises and investigate them fully and record your findings. Fires started deliberately can be particularly dangerous because they generally develop much faster and may be intentionally started in escape routes. Of all the risk-reduction measures, the most benefit may come from efforts to reduce the threat from arson. Measures to reduce arson may include the following: • ensure the outside of the premises is well lit and, if practical, secure the perimeter of the premises; • thoroughly secure all entry points to the premises, including windows and the roof, but make sure that this does not compromise peopleÕs ability to use the escape routes; • make sure you regularly remove all combustible rubbish; • do not place rubbish skips adjacent to the building and secure waste bins in a compound separated from the building; • do not park vehicles or store goods or materials in the open next to windows or doors opening into buildings; • encourage staff to report people acting suspiciously; • remove automatic entry rights from staff who have been dismissed; • ensure that your security alarm/fire- detection system is monitored and acted on; • secure flammable liquids so that intruders cannot use them; • secure all storage areas and unused areas of the building that do not form part of an escape route against unauthorised access, ensure access to keys to those areas is restricted; and • fit secure metal letterboxes on the inside of letter flaps to contain any burning materials that may be pushed through. Further guidance on reducing the risk of arson has been published by the Arson Prevention Bureau.51** 1.13 Help for people with special needs Of all the people who may be especially at risk you will need to pay particular attention to people who may have special needs, including those with a disability. The Disability Rights Commission estimates