bespoke working arrangements between local authorities, health and the police, we expect to see a step change in the quality of inter-agency work to safeguard children. The new arrangements will provide additional powers to secure effective participation from key agencies and agree plans to strengthen information sharing. We know that the best multi-agency arrangements are those which enshrine consistent and effective information sharing arrangements. These improvements to the system of multi-agency working at a local level will be coupled with new arrangements for reviewing serious child safeguarding cases at both the local and national level, as well as new child death review arrangements. 8 36. In support, a public consultation was launched last autumn on the related secondary legislation and revised statutory guidance (Working Together to Safeguard Children) which closed on 31 December 2017. We are preparing for formal commencement of the new arrangements, and publication of the updated guidance later in 2018. 37. Tackling the barriers to information sharing, including considering legislative improvements to support more effective information sharing for safeguarding purposes between practitioners. We will also look again at the GovernmentÕs information sharing practice guidance to examine what more can be done to break down common barriers to sharing information. We will also look to strengthen the forthcoming update of the NHS Confidentiality Code to make it clear when information about vulnerable children and young people should be shared. 38. Supporting the Child Protection Information Sharing project. This NHS Digital-led IT system links information on looked after children and children on child protection plans between local authorities and unscheduled health settings (such as emergency departments or walk-in centres), in order to help practitioners make decisions about how to keep children safe. We are investing in an accelerator fund to support local authorities and health settings to implement the system. 39. Expanding and strengthening the information sharing requirements in Working Together to Safeguard Children. As part of our revisions we have strengthened and consolidated existing guidance for practitioners on sharing information, including the guidance for practitioners on referring concerns to local authority childrenÕs social care. The guidance, incorporated from practice guidance now into statutory guidance, makes clear that where there are concerns about the safety and welfare of children all practitioners should share information without hesitation or concern for their individual or organisational reputation. Working Together is now also clear that action should be taken by employers against practitioners whose conduct and/or practice falls below acceptable standards. To improve practice and decision-making, we are: 40. Improving the skills and confidence of practitioners so that they can better safeguard and promote the welfare of children. A national assessment and accreditation system for social work will introduce a new practice-focused assessment to establish the knowledge and skills that child and family social workers need. Amongst other social work workforce reforms set out in our Putting Children First paper3, we are establishing through provisions in the Children and Social Work Act 2017, a new specialist regulator for social workers in England. Over