responders and other relevant parties are encouraged to put forward suggestions for improvements to the guidance. These will be fed back to the originating departments who will, where possible, reflect these suggestions in future versions of the guidance. Step 3: Risk analysis Threats Assessing the likelihood of threats 4.41. Category 1 responders should adopt the central government assessment, set out in the LRAG, of the likelihood of threats as categorised in the National Risk Register (NRR) (See Box 4.5). Guidance on publication of the threat assessment within the community risk register is detailed in section 4.57 PAGE 23 Assessing the impact of threats 4.42. For some categories of threat, LRFs may also weight the impact of a successful attack against local targets within their area. Information from the LRAG, the National Risk Register, National Resilience Planning Assumptions, Counter Terrorism Security Advisor (CTSAs 23) (Box 4.5 ) and local crowded places protection programmes can be used to inform the impact assessment. 24 Assessing the likelihood of hazards 4.43. The RAWG lead assessors should consider the likelihood of the hazards occurring within the next five years (the same timescale adopted by the UK assessment). The LRAG from central government should provide a basis for this work but the local knowledge available in the RAWG and other local organisations (including Category 2 responders) should allow the RAWG to elaborate the assessment, and even to change it, if necessary. 4.44. When assessing the likelihood of a hazard, it is necessary to refer to the description of an outcome of an incident. Without defining the outcome, it is more difficult to assess likelihood. For example, it is difficult to assess the likelihood of flooding in the next five years without defining the size of the flood incident to be assessed (small scale floods are more likely than larger scale floods). The outcome can be defined in various ways. For flooding, it may be appropriate to talk in terms of the area flooded. For many incidents, it may be necessary to use numbers of fatalities. Although both measures - area flooded and fatalities - are consequences of the hazards, they are immediate or primary consequences that can be used as proxy measures to describe the outcome of the hazard. 23 CTSAs provide counter terrorism security advice to support LRFs and businesses. 24 https://vsat.nactso.gov.uk/SiteCollectionDocuments/AreasOfRisk/working-together-crowded-places.pdf PAGE 24 Box 4.5: Other sources of information to aid local risk assessment The National Risk Register (NRR) The National Risk Register (NRR) was first published in 2008 as part of the National Security Strategy which promised a publicly available assessment of the likelihood and potential impact of the range of threats and hazards the UK could face. Although intended to encourage public debate on security and help organisations, communities and individuals to prepare better for emergencies, the document is also important to LRFs in informing the local assessment of risks, particularly threat related risks. Indeed, the LRAG makes explicit reference to the NRR as an important tool in the risk assessment process.