Contacting, or attempting to contact, a person by any means; Publishing any statement or other material — relating or purporting to relate to a person, or purporting to originate from a person; Monitoring the use by a person of the internet, email or any other form of electronic communication; Loitering in any place (whether public or private); Interfering with any property in the possession of a person; and Watching or spying on a person. The police and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) have also adopted the following description, which appears in the statutory guidance on Stalking Protection Orders, issued under the Stalking Protection Act 2019: stalking is a pattern of unwanted, fixated and obsessive behaviour which is intrusive. It can include harassment that amounts to stalking or stalking that causes fear of violence or serious alarm or distress to the victim. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Stalking behaviours may vary but are often motivated by obsession and their behaviour shares a consistent set of characteristics involving Fixated, Obsessive, Unwanted and/or Repeated (FOUR) behaviours, online and/or offline. Victims of domestic abuse may be vulnerable to stalkers, particularly when a relationship has ended. There is no ‘typical’ stalking perpetrator or stalking victim. This crime disproportionately affects women and girls, but it is important to recognise that men and boys are victims too, and that both men and women can be perpetrators. CSEW data for the year ending March 2020 found that since the age of 16, 9% of women and 3% of men aged 16 to 74 had experienced domestic stalking.34 Stalking affects people of all ages, and victims come from a wide range of backgrounds – it is not restricted to public figures and celebrities. More information on stalking can be found in Annex A of the statutory guidance on Stalking Protection Orders. Stalking behaviour may on the surface appear ‘harmless’, particularly if it is considered in isolation rather than as part of a wider pattern of potentially abusive and harmful behaviour. The context of the behaviour, including the motivations behind the behaviour and the impact on the victims should be considered. Economic abuse Economic abuse refers to behaviour that has a substantial adverse effect35 on an individual’s ability to acquire, use or maintain money or other property, or to obtain goods or services.36 This can include an individual’s ability to acquire food or clothes, or access transportation or utilities. These behaviours can include an attempt to control through restriction, exploitation and/or sabotage. Economic abuse can also amount to the offence of controlling or coercive behaviour, under section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015, where it takes place repeatedly or continuously, the victim and the perpetrator are “personally connected” and the behaviour has a serious effect on the victim. This means that the behaviour causes the victim to fear violence will be used against them on two or more occasions, or it has a substantial adverse effect on the victim’s usual day to day activities and the perpetrator knows,