The requesting court or tribunal may seek an advisory opinion only in the context of a case pending before it. 3. The requesting court or tribunal shall give reasons for its request and shall provide the relevant legal and factual background of the pending case. ARTICLE 2 1. A panel of five judges of the Grand Chamber shall decide whether to accept the request for an advisory opinion, having regard to Article 1. The panel shall give reasons for any refusal to accept the request. 2. If the panel accepts the request, the Grand Chamber shall deliver the advisory opinion. 3. The panel and the Grand Chamber, as referred to in the preceding paragraphs, shall include ex officio the judge elected in respect of the High Contracting Party to which the requesting court or tribunal pertains. If there is none or if that judge is unable to sit, a person chosen by the President of the Court from a list submitted in advance by that Party shall sit in the capacity of judge. 1. ARTICLE 3 The Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights and the High Contracting Party to which the requesting court or tribunal pertains shall have the right to submit written comments and take part in any hearing. The President of the Court may, in the interest of the proper administration of justice, invite any other High Contracting Party or person also to submit written comments or take part in any hearing. ARTICLE 4 1. Reasons shall be given for advisory opinions. 2. If the advisory opinion does not represent, in whole or in part, the unanimous opinion of the judges, any judge shall be entitled to deliver a separate opinion. 3. Advisory opinions shall be communicated to the requesting court or tribunal and to the High Contracting Party to which that court or tribunal pertains. 4. Advisory opinions shall be published. ARTICLE 5 Advisory opinions shall not be binding. ARTICLE 6 As between the High Contracting Parties the provisions of Articles 1 to 5 of this Protocol shall be regarded as additional articles to the Convention, and all the provisions of the Convention shall apply accordingly. ARTICLE 7 1. This Protocol shall be open for signature by the High Contracting Parties to the Convention, which may express their consent to be bound by: (a) signature without reservation as to ratification, acceptance or approval; or (b) signature subject to ratification, acceptance or approval, followed by ratification, acceptance or approval. 2. The instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval shall be deposited with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe. ARTICLE 8 1. This Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the expiration of a period of three months after the date on which ten High Contracting Parties to the Convention have expressed their consent to be bound by the Protocol in accordance with the provisions of Article 7. 2. In respect of any High Contracting Party to the Convention which subsequently