guilty plea at the initial hearing). HMCTS average costs per sitting day: HMCTS court costs used may be an underestimate as they include only judicial and staff costs. Other key costs which inevitably impact on the cost of additional cases in the courts have not been considered; for example juror costs. HMCTS costs (crown): Timings data for types of case (eg, indictable only, triable either way) were applied to Crown Court costs per sitting day. This was added to the cost of the initial hearing in the magistratesÕ court, as all criminal cases start in the magistratesÕ courts. Crown Court cost is £1,500 per sitting day in 2013/14 prices, assuming a sitting day is five hours. The HMCTS costs are based on average judicial and staff costs, found at HMCTS Annual Report and Accounts 2012- 13. Timings data for types of cases: * The average time figures which provide the information for the timings do not include any down time. This would lead to an underestimate in the court costing. * Timings do not take into account associated admin time related with listing a case for court hearings. This could mean that costings are an underestimate. * The data which informed the timings data excludes cases where a bench warrant was issued, no plea recorded, indictment to lie on file, found unfit to plead, and other results. * Committals for sentence exclude committals after breach, Ôbring backsÕ and deferred sentences. HMCTS average costs per sitting day: * HMCTS court costs used may be an underestimate as they include only judicial and staff costs. Other key costs which inevitably impact on the cost of additional cases in the courts have not been considered; for example juror costs. * Legal Aid Costs: Cases in the magistrates court * We assume an eligibility rate for legal aid in the magistratesÕ court of 100%. * The average cost per case is £485, and that there is one defendant per case. This is based on the latest available legal aid statistics (Jan-Mar 2014), and is calculated by dividing total case value by total case volume. See: https://www.gov.uk/government/publicati ons/legal-aid-statistics-april-2013-to- Magistrates court * Variance in the legal aid eligibility rate assumed for cases in the magistratesÕ courts would impact the costings. * More than one defendant prosecuted per case and therefore more solicitors and barristers per case than assumed thus understating the actual cost. Crown Court: * Assuming 100% eligibility for legal aid in the Crown Court carries several other risks. march-2014 (Main tables, table 2.3). Cases in the Crown Court * The eligibility rate for legal aid is 100%. * The average cost per defendant is around £900 in 2013/14 prices (based on offence category H: Miscellaneous offences). * We assume one defendant per case. One defendant instructs one solicitor who submits one bill. As such, we use the cost per solicitor bill from the 2013/14 data as a proxy for the cost per defendant. Source: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/leg al-aid-statistics-april-2013-to-march-2014 Firstly, an individual may refuse legal aid. Secondly,