end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) a disclosure which is prohibited by [F82 any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016]. (5) Subject to that, a disclosure under this paragraph does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). [F83(6) In this paragraph, Òthe data protection legislationÓ has the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 3 of that Act).] PART 4 GENERAL Joint review procedures or co-option arrangements 8 (1) The relevant bodies in two or more local government areasÑ (a) may jointly make review procedures applicable to those areas; (b) must secure that such jointly-made review procedures are in place if co- option arrangements applicable to those areas have been jointly made under sub-paragraph (2). (2) The responsible authorities in two or more local government areasÑ (a) may jointly make co-option arrangements applicable to those areas; (b) must secure that such jointly-made co-option arrangements are in place if review procedures applicable to those areas have been jointly made under sub-paragraph (1). (3) In a case where review procedures or co-option arrangements are made jointly in accordance with this paragraph, a reference to any of the following in section 104, section 105 or this Schedule is to be read accordinglyÑ (a) the relevant bodies (in the case of review procedures) or the responsible authorities (in the case of co-option arrangements); (b) the local government area or the relevant police area (in either case). (a) 188 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Different review procedures or co-option arrangements for different parts of an area etc 9 (1) Review procedures may make different provision in relation to different parts of a local government area. (2) Review procedures or co-option arrangements made jointly in accordance with paragraph 8 may make different provision in relation toÑ (a) different local government areas to which the procedures or arrangements are applicable, or (b) different parts of such areas. SCHEDULE 5 Section 113 AMENDMENTS OF PARTS 2 AND 3 OF THE SEXUAL OFFENCES ACT 2003 Introduction 1 Part 2 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (notification and orders) is amended as set out in paragraphs 2 to 6. Sexual harm prevention orders 2 After section 103 there is insertedÑ ÒSexual harm prevention orders (England and