in for purposes of competition or display; ÒreligionÓ includesÑ (a) a religion which involves belief in more than one god, and (b) a religion which does not involve belief in a god. (3) This section does not apply where a person (A) is in a position of trust in relation to another person (B) by virtue of circumstances within section 21. (4) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend subsections (1) and (2) to add or remove an activity in which a person may be coached, taught, trained, supervised or instructed.Ó (3) In section 138(2) (orders and regulations) after Òsection 21,Ó insert Ò22A,Ó. 48 Voyeurism: breast-feeding (1) Section 67A of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (voyeurism: additional offences) is amended as follows. (2) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) A person (A) commits an offence ifÑ (a) A operates equipment, (b) A does so with the intention of enabling A or another person (C), for a purpose mentioned in subsection (3), to observe another (B) while B is breast-feeding a child, and (c) A does soÑ (i) without BÕs consent, and (ii) without reasonably believing that B consents. (2B) A person (A) commits an offence ifÑ (a) A records an image of another (B) while B is breast-feeding a child, (b) A does so with the intention that A or another person (C) will look at the image for a purpose mentioned in subsection (3), and (c) A does soÑ (i) without BÕs consent, and (ii) without reasonably believing that B consents.Ó (i) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 51 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) In subsection (3), for Òand (2)Ó substitute Òto (2B)Ó. (4) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3A) In this section a reference to B breast-feeding a child includes B re-arranging BÕs clothingÑ (a) in the course of preparing to breast-feed the child, or (b) having just finished breast-feeding the child. (3B) It is irrelevant for the purposes of subsections (2A) and (2B)Ñ (a) whether or not B is in a public place while B is breast-feeding the child, (b) whether or not BÕs breasts are exposed while B is breast-feeding the child, and (c) what part of BÕs bodyÑ (i) is, or is intended by A to be, visible in the recorded image, or (ii) is intended by A to be observed.Ó Domestic abuse 49 Time limit for prosecution of common assault or battery in domestic abuse cases After section 39 of the Criminal Justice Act