this paragraph. (7) Sub-paragraph (3) applies in relation to the variation of an electronic monitoring requirement under sub-paragraph (6) as it applies in relation to the inclusion of a requirement. ÒResponsible officerÓ 7 (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, the Òresponsible officerÓ, in relation to a supervision order, meansÑ (a) in a case where the order imposes a curfew requirement and an electronic monitoring requirement, but does not impose an activity or supervision requirement, the person who under paragraph 6(4) is responsible for the electronic monitoring; (b) in any other case, the member of the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order who is for the time being responsible for discharging the functions conferred by this Schedule on the responsible officer. (2) Where a supervision order has been made, it is the duty of the responsible officerÑ (a) to make any arrangements that are necessary in connection with the requirements contained in the order; (b) to promote the defaulter's compliance with those requirements. (3) The responsible officer must ensure, so far as practicable, that any instructions given by the officer under a supervision order are such as to avoid the things referred to in paragraph 2(4). (4) A defaulter in respect of whom a supervision order is made mustÑ (a) keep in touch with the responsible officer, in accordance with any instructions given by the responsible officer from time to time; (b) notify the responsible officer of any change of address. These obligations have effect as requirements of the order. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 177 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Amendment of operative period 8 (1) The court may, on the application of the original applicant, amend a supervision order by substituting a new period for the one specified in the order for the time being under paragraph 2(5) (subject to paragraph 2(6)). (2) A court amending a supervision order under sub-paragraph (1) may make whatever other amendments to the order the court considers appropriate in relation to a requirement imposed by the order. Amendment on change of area of residence 9 (1) This paragraph applies where, on an application made in relation to a supervision order by the original applicant or the defaulter, the court is satisfied that the defaulter proposes to live, or is living, in the area of a youth offending team other than the team for the time being specified in the order. (2) If the