specialist munitions 4.1 Selection and acquisition of weapons 4.1.1 Chief officers are responsible for the selection and acquisition of firearms and ammunition. The selection of weapons and ammunition must be based on the operational requirement identified by the threat and risk assessment process set out in 3.2. The chief officer must ensure that the weapons selected are evaluated against a documented operational requirement in accordance with this code. This evaluation should be centrally coordinated as per section 4.2. 4.1.2 Chief officers must have regard to APP-AP, National Police Firearms Training Curriculum (NPFTC) and Government guidance as it relates to the selection of firearms, including their calibre, ammunition and specialist munitions. 4.1.3 The selection and acquisition process should take account of procurement best practice principles.. However this should not compromise the need to minimise the risk of serious or permanent injury or death (refer to section 1.3). Cross-force collaboration should take place whenever possible to ensure cost savings. 4.1.4 Guidance for the selection of ammunition can be found in the APP-AP. 4.2 Development of new firearms, munitions and specialist munitions 4.2.1 Chief officers should monitor emerging operational requirements in their forces, and the availability of new weapon systems, which may improve the safety of operations involving weapons. It is important that the continuing development of weapon systems, including their related operating procedures, should be centrally coordinated. This is to ensure that emerging requirements of the police service may be properly identified and met, that weapon systems may be adequately tested and evaluated for police use, and that good practice may be promulgated and adopted within the service. 4.2.2 Where a force identifies an operational requirement that is not met by an existing weapon system then they must consult NPCC Armed Policing Lead who can request technical information on the system. Dstl, under direction of the Home Office, provides guidance on the evaluation of weapons and munitions. NPCC centrally coordinates evaluation data. 6Formerly Home Office CAST (Centre for Applied Science and Technology) prior to their merger with Dstl in April 2018. 4.2.3 When chief officers identify a requirement to introduce any new type of firearm, ammunition or specialist munition they must ensure that the operational requirement is documented and the new weapon system is adequately tested against these requirements before it is introduced. 4.2.4 For any ammunition to be used operationally by the police it must be recommended by Dstl, having been assessed against the documented operational requirement and have been: ? evaluated by Dstl in respect of its characteristics and ability to meet the defined operational requirement OR ? have identical or superior characteristics to ammunition which has been evaluated and recommended by Dstl or other Home Office approved body. 4.3 Availability of approved firearms, ammunitions and specialist munitions 4.3.1 Chief officers of police must ensure that their officers who are authorised to use firearms and specialist munitions are equipped and trained in accordance with this code. 4.3.2 The training for and operational use of such weapons must follow any specific