the following is applicableÑ (a) the day on which the closure notice was cancelled under section 78; (b) the day on which a closure order was refused; (c) the day on which the closure order ceased to have effect. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3)(b) the day on which a closure order was refused isÑ (a) the day on which the magistrates' court decided not to make a closure order (except where paragraph (b) applies); (b) the day on which the Crown Court dismissed an appeal against a decision not to make a closure order. (5) On an application under this section the court may order the payment of compensation out of central funds if it is satisfiedÑ (a) that the applicant is not associated with the use of the premises, or the behaviour on the premises, on the basis of which the closure notice was issued or the closure order made, (b) if the applicant is the owner or occupier of the premises, that the applicant took reasonable steps to prevent that use or behaviour, (c) that the applicant has incurred financial loss in consequence of the notice or order, and (d) that having regard to all the circumstances it is appropriate to order payment of compensation in respect of that loss. (6) In this section Òcentral fundsÓ has the same meaning as in enactments providing for the payment of costs. 91 Guidance (1) The Secretary of State may issueÑ (a) guidance to chief officers of police about the exercise, by officers under their direction or control, of those officers' functions under this Chapter; (b) guidance to local authorities about the exercise of their functions under this Chapter and those of their representatives (within the meaning of section 79). (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 65 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published. 92 Interpretation of Chapter 3 (1) In this ChapterÑ Òcancellation noticeÓ has the meaning given by section 78(2); Òcriminal behaviourÓ means behaviour that constitutes a criminal offence; Òextension noticeÓ has the meaning given by section 77(5); Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council for an area for which there is no district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of