of the Police Act 1996 (or as defined in any subsequent legislation). 1.2.4 It applies particularly to chief officers in the discharge of their duties. 1.2.5 It is available for adoption by non-Home Office police forces and agencies1 in England and Wales and by other jurisdictions within the United Kingdom. 1.2.6 The Code should be used in conjunction with the Authorised Professional Practice for Armed Policing2 (APP-AP) issued by the College of Policing and other relevant guidance. 1.2.7 In discharging any function to which a code of practice issued under section 39A relates, a chief officer of police must have regard to the code. 1.3 Use of force by police officers 1.3.1 The British model of Ôpolicing by consentÕ is based on the principle that the power of the police comes from the common consent of the public, as opposed to the power of the state. The police service in England and Wales has long been generally unarmed. The use of firearms by the police should always be a last resort, considered only where there is a serious risk to public or police safety. However, where an operational need arises, authorised firearms officers should be available to be deployed. 1Non-Home Office police forces may include Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI), Police Scotland, British Transport Police (BTP), Ministry of Defence Police and Civil Nuclear Constabulary (CNC). Agencies may include the National Crime Agency and HM Prison and Probation Service. 2https://www.app.college.police.uk/app-content/armed-policing/ 1.3.2 When police are required to use force to achieve a lawful objective (eg making a lawful arrest, acting in self-defence or protecting others) all force used must be reasonable in the circumstances. If the force used is not reasonable and proportionate, the officer is open to criminal or misconduct proceedings. It may also constitute a violation of the human rights of the person against whom the force was used. United NationsÕ basic principles on the use of force and firearms by law enforcement officials 1.3.3 According to the UN basic principles on the use of force and firearms by law enforcement officials: ÒGovernments and law enforcement agencies shall adopt and implement rules and regulations on the use of force and firearms against persons by law enforcement officials. In developing such rules and regulations, governments and law enforcement agencies shall keep the ethical issues associated with the use of force and firearms constantly under review.Ó ÒGovernments and law enforcement agencies should equip law enforcement officials with various types of weapons and ammunition to allow for a differentiated use of force and firearms. These should include the development of non-lethal incapacitating weapons for use in appropriate situations.Ó ÒThe development and deployment of non-lethal incapacitating weapons should be carefully evaluated in order to minimise the risk of endangering uninvolved persons, and the use of such weapons should be carefully controlled.Ó ÒLaw enforcement officials, in carrying out their duty, shall, as far as possible, apply non-violent means before resorting to the use of force and firearms. They may use force and firearms only