any visit made under the arrangements to a suspected terrorist detainee, and that a copy of any report submitted under paragraph (a) is given to the person appointed under section 36(1) of the Terrorism Act 2006 (independent reviewer of terrorism legislation).] The arrangements must secure that the persons appointed under the arrangements are independent of both— the [F482local policing body]; and the chief officer of police of the police force maintained by [F483that body]. The arrangements may confer on independent custody visitors such powers as the [F484local policing body] considers necessary to enable them to carry out their functions under the arrangements and may, in particular, confer on them powers— to require access to be given to each police station; to examine records relating to the detention of persons there; [F485(ba) in relation to suspected terrorist detainees, to listen to the audio recordings and view the video recordings (with or without sound) of interviews with those detainees which have taken place during their detention there and which were conducted by a constable;] to meet detainees there for the purposes of a discussion about their treatment and conditions while detained; and to inspect the facilities there including in particular, cell accommodation, washing and toilet facilities and the facilities for the provision of food. [F486(3A) The arrangements may include provision for access to the whole or part of an audio or video recording of an interview of the kind mentioned in subsection (3)(ba) to be denied to independent custody visitors if— it appears to an officer of or above the rank of inspector that there are grounds for denying access at the time it is requested; the grounds are grounds specified for the purposes of paragraph (a) in the arrangements; and the procedural requirements imposed by the arrangements in relation to a denial of access to such recordings are complied with. (3B) Grounds are not to be specified in any arrangements for the purposes of subsection (3A)(a) unless they are grounds for the time being set out for the purposes of this subsection in the code of practice issued by the Secretary of State under subsection (6).] The arrangements may include provision for access to a detainee to be denied to independent custody visitors if— it appears to an officer of or above the rank of inspector that there are grounds for denying access at the time it is requested; the grounds are grounds specified for the purposes of paragraph (a) in the arrangements; and the procedural requirements imposed by the arrangements in relation to a denial of access are complied with. 110 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force