are validated by exercise and review and that they are kept up-to-date. o Stage 6: Embedding BCM in the organisationﾃ不 culture: Business continuity must become part of the way an organisation is managed to be effective. This stage provides the overarching element that ensures that opportunities are used at the various stages of the BCM process. o Delivering BCM arrangements Stage 1: BCM programme management 6.46. In order to be successful, BCM must be regarded as an integral part of a Category 1 responderﾃ不 normal management processes. 6.47. Achieving top-level buy-in is vital to developing robust BCM arrangements. Engaging senior officers is crucial to the success of any major programme because of the influence they have over resource allocation and the culture of an organisation. However, the commitment of the top level is particularly important in relation to BCM because: o it requires the leverage they exert across the organisation in order to be effective; o it requires decisions about attitudes to risk and service prioritisation that can only be taken at the top level; and o the top team is responsible for ensuring that effective governance arrangements are in place. Leadership 6.48. Experience has shown that there is merit in giving a member of the executive management board overall responsibility for the BCM process by being appointed as the champion within the organisation. This will ensure that the profile of BCM issues is increased and decisions are made at the appropriate level. 6.1. 6.49. BCM is an ongoing process and it is important to gain the support and endorsement of the board at the end of each stage of the cycle. Critically, it should be the responsibility of senior management to provide the assurance that BCM arrangements are robust and meet the requirements of the Act. BCM co-ordinator 6.50. Governance is about accountability, responsibility and control. A person with the appropriate seniority and authority should be identified as accountable for BCM policy, implementation and operation. 6.51. Implementation planning should include arranging appropriate training for staff and exercising the capability; this stage is best carried out using a project management method to ensure that the implementation is effectively managed. 6.52. Ongoing management of your BCM arrangements will contribute to business continuity becoming embedded within the organisation. Regular review, exercise and updating plans will ensure this happens. A review must take place of arrangements after change in the organisation; such as operating procedures, environment personnel, technology, and after an incident or exercise. If the change is significant to the organisation then a review of the Business Impact Analysis is also advised. Stage 2: Understanding the organisation 6.53. An accurate assessment of the Category 1 responderﾃ不 organisation and its business is critical, as it will provide the basis upon which all subsequent BCM policies and processes are based. 6.1. 6.54. An understanding of the organisation comes from: o the organisationﾃ不 objectives, obligations, statutory duties and operating environment; o the activities, assets and resources that support the delivery of key products and services;