do, anything in response to the recommendation, the reasons for that. (4) The Commissioner must, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving the response, publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (5) But the CommissionerÑ (a) must withhold from publication any information in the response which would identify an individual (other than the chief constable), (b) may withhold the whole or part of the response from publication if the Commissioner considers that it is in the public interest to do so. (6) Section 35(5), and any regulations made under that section, apply in relation to the duties imposed by subsection (1)(a) as they apply in relation to the duties imposed by section 35(3)(a).Ó. (4) In section 36 (duty of Commissioner not to proceed with certain complaint handling reviews), in subsection (4)(d), after Ò(c)Ó insert Òand section 40ZA(1)Ó. (5) In section 39 (power of Commissioner to discontinue reconsideration), in subsection (3)(e), after Ò(d)Ó insert Òand section 40ZA(1)Ó. (6) In section 41 (appropriate authority in relation to a complaint), in subsection (1), for Ò40Ó substitute Ò40ZBÓ. (7) In section 46A (protection from actions for defamation), in subsection (1)(a)Ñ (a) in sub-paragraph (i), after Òhandling reviewÓ insert Ò, in considering a complaint under section 40ZAÓ, (b) in sub-paragraph (ii), after ÒreviewÓ insert Ò, considerationÓ, (c) in sub-paragraph (iii), after ÒreviewÓ insert Ò, considerationÓ. 16 Review of arrangements for investigation of whistleblowing complaints (1) In section 40A of the 2006 ActÑ (a) in subsection (1)(a)Ñ (i) the words from Òthe CommissionerÓ to Òcomplaints;Ó become sub- paragraph (i), (ii) after that sub-paragraph, insertÑ Ò(ii) the Authority and the chief constable for the investigation of information provided in a whistleblowing complaint;Ó, (b) after subsection (1), insertÑ Ò(1A) In subsection (1)(a)(ii), Òwhistleblowing complaintÓ means a protected disclosure within the meaning of section 43A of the Employment Rights Act 1996 made to the Authority or, as the case may be, the chief constable.Ó. 18 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (2) The title of that section becomes ÒArrangements for handling relevant complaints and investigation of whistleblowing complaintsÓ. 17 Investigations involving constables from outwith Scotland (1) The 2006 Act is amended as follows. (2) After section 41F, insertÑ ÒInvestigations in relation to constables not serving with the Police Service 41G Investigations into matters involving constables of forces other than the Police Service (1) This section applies in relation to an individual whoÑ (a) is a member ofÑ (i) a police force maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996, (ii) the metropolitan police force, (iii) the City of London police force, or (iv) the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and (b) is not engaged on temporary service with the Police Service of Scotland in accordance with section 16 of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012.