47 will be generally acceptable as long as the following apply: • The basement should accommodate no more than 60 people. • The first floor should accommodate no more than 60 people. • The farthest point in the basement to the door to the stairway is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2, page 68). • The stairway from the basement to ground floor level is enclosed by fire-resisting construction and leads to a final exit. • The farthest point on the first floor to the final exit is within the overall suggested travel distance. • Figure 47: Three-storey premises, including basement Larger three-storey premises, including basement In larger premises with a basement, ground and first floor, served by a single stairway, the layout shown in Figure 48 will be generally acceptable as long as the following apply: • The basement should accommodate no more than 60 people. • The first floor should accommodate no more than 60 people. • To overcome the restriction of travel distance the stairway has been completely enclosed in 30 minute fire-resisting construction and all doors onto the stairway are self-closing fire doors. • The furthest point on all of the floors to the storey exit is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2 page 68). • Where the building incorporates a basement, any stairway from the basement is separated by a protected lobby or corridor between that basement and the protected stairway. Figure 48: Larger three-storey premises, including basement 92 Office premises, ground and up to three upper storeys In office premises only, with a ground floor and up to three upper storeys served by a single stairway, it is important to understand that you are unlikely to be able to meet the suggested travel distance to a final exit (see Table 2 page 68). In these circumstances it is necessary to protect the stairway by a fire- resisting enclosure as shown (Figure 49). If the building you occupy has floors which are occupied by different companies to your own, you need to consider, as part of your fire risk assessment, the possibility that a fire may occur in another part of the building over which you may have no control and which may affect the protected stairway if allowed to develop unchecked. If your fire risk assessment shows that this may be the case and people using any floor would be unaware of a developing fire, you may require additional fire-protection measures, e.g. an automatic fire-detection and warning system. If this is required you will need to consult and co-operate with other occupiers and building managers. The layout shown in Figure 49 will be generally acceptable as long as the following apply: • The upper floors or any basement should each accommodate no more than 60 people. • The furthest point on all of your floors to the storey exit is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2 page 68). • Where the building incorporates a basement,