7.1. weeks. The media have ways of quickly reaching many different audiences with specific needs - the deaf, the blind, and those who do not speak English, for example. Radio, in particular, is the most resilient form of mass communication, available even if power and phone lines are down, via battery or wind-up portable radios and car radios. 7.122. At the same time as providing useful advice and information to the public, the media are likely to operate in reporting mode. They may well produce round-the-clock rolling news coverage if the emergency is serious enough. It is important that Category 1 responders should have plans to play their part in providing authoritative information and spokespeople for interview, to ensure that the public gets a fair picture of how they are handling the situation, and to counter any inaccurate information, such as from informal sources like social networking websites. The needs of foreign broadcasters who work to different time zones/scales should also be considered. 7.123. Planning should recognise that the media will seize upon any inconsistencies in presentation or message, either between responders at the local level, or between local and national responses. It is vital that Category 1 responders are equipped to liaise effectively with each other and with regional and UK bodies, otherwise the operation may appear chaotic. 7.124. If the media do not get the information they want from Category 1 responders, they are likely to go elsewhere for footage and commentary. This may lead to a loss of messaging control for Category 1 responders, and put them in a position of having to defend themselves against unfounded criticism or inaccurate analysis. Category 1 responders should be aware that the handling of the emergency, as well as the emergency itself, will all be part of the story. No matter how positive relations are with the media ahead of an event, responders must expect to be criticised if events seem to be going badly. They should plan accordingly. 7.1. 7.125. 7.126. 7.127. 7.128. All Category 1 responders should be familiar with the media organisations and outlets in their own area and should develop good relations with them. Discussion with the media ahead of an event helps ensure that all parties can operate more effectively on the day, by preparing useful standard background material in advance, planning practical arrangements and building trust and confidence on all sides. This can be achieved through geographically based multi-forum groups (such as media emergency forums), which bring together the media and emergency planning communications specialists. In many areas, particularly those where there are long-standing known hazards, such as nuclear power stations or extensive industrial complexes, there are also local groupings with members from Category 1 and 2 responders, other organisations not covered by the Act, as well as the media. These are quite often chaired by local police representatives. The BBCÕs local radio service is recognised as an emergency broadcaster for the UK and its editors can be contacted for advice and to agree