deceased has been estranged from the whole or part of their family prior to their death or may have relationships with people who are unknown to other members of the family. Where a situation exists that the deceased personÕs family cannot be reconciled in order to be assisted by one FLO, the SIM may decide to treat elements of one family separately and appoint more than one FLO to separate elements of the same family. During the identification process, the FLO and/or HM coroner or procurator fiscalÕs officer should make the bereaved aware of the condition of the deceased. They should then ascertain the familyÕs wishes regarding the release of the deceased person or human remains. The FLO or HM coroner or procurator fiscalÕs officer should also discuss with the bereaved what is likely to happen if further human remains are recovered and identified during the investigation. The bereaved should be asked about their wishes for those human remains and whether or not they may consent to any communal arrangements. The familyÕs wishes should be relayed to HM coroner or procurator fiscal. Fragmented and commingled human remains Where fragmented and commingled human remains cause additional challenges, families should be consulted as to their preferred release and repatriation options. Some families may choose to wait for the end of an operation before any repatriation or funeral. Other families may have different wishes, such as whether or not they are informed regarding any further identification of additional remains. Unclaimed deceased HM coroner or procurator fiscal decides on the procedures in cases of deceased persons who remain unclaimed. If a deceased person is unclaimed, local authorities arrange for burial or cremation in accordance with their statutory obligation imposed by the Public Health (Control of Disease) Act 1984. Such a disposal should be in accordance with any identified faith requirements. In circumstances where the next of kin is identified, but does not wish to claim the deceased, they must still be advised of the time, date and location of a burial or cremation. Evidence Fragments of evidence may be recovered at the mortuary or discovered during radiography or during a post- mortem examination. In terrorist incidents, trained exhibits officers from the counter terrorism unit are attached to the mortuary in order to provide specialist skills for processes such as the forensic examination, retrieval, recording and storage of samples and property. Counter Terrorism policing is responsible for the safe keeping of all exhibits recovered following a terrorist incident. Property Caution should be used before cleaning, restoring or disposal of property without first consulting family members through the FLC and FLO. Certain faiths require that all parts of a deceased person are buried or cremated. This may include bloodstained clothing. In addition to ascertaining the wishes of families, the SIM or SIO should seek advice on the health and safety implications of returning unclean items to relatives. A photograph of each item should be retained before the item is returned to family members. Following a mass