A person elected to the office of police and crime commissioner for any police area may not act in that office unless the person hasÑ (a) made a declaration of acceptance of the office in a form specified in an order made by the Secretary of State F64..., and (b) delivered the declaration to the appropriate officer, in each case, when not ineligible by virtue of subsection (5). (2) If the person fails to make and deliver a declaration in accordance with subsection (1) within the period of two months beginning with the day after the election, the office of police and crime commissioner for that area becomes vacant at the end of the period. (3) Any declaration made under this section must be made beforeÑ (a) the appropriate officer; (b) a justice of the peace or magistrate in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man, or (c) a commissioner appointed to administer oaths in the Senior Courts. (4) Any person before whom a declaration is authorised to be made under this section may take the declaration. (5) A person is ineligible to make or give a declaration of acceptance of office under this section in respect of the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area at any time when the person is a member ofÑ (a) the House of Commons; (b) the Scottish Parliament; (c) the National Assembly for Wales; (d) the Northern Ireland Assembly; (e) the European Parliament. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 69 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (6) No salary, and no payment towards the provision of superannuation benefits, is to be paid under this Act to or in respect of a police and crime commissioner until the commissioner has complied with the requirements of subsection (1). (7) Subsection (6) does not affect any entitlement of a police and crime commissioner to payments in respect of the period before the commissioner complies with the requirements of subsection (1) once the commissioner has complied with those requirements. 71 Judicial proceedings as to disqualification or vacancy (1) Any person who claims that a person purporting to be a police and crime commissioner for a police area is, or at any time since being elected has been, disqualifiedÑ (a) from being a police and crime commissioner; or (b) from being police and crime commissioner for the police area, may apply to the High Court for a declaration to that effect, and that accordingly the office of police and crime commissioner for the area is vacant. (2) An application under subsection (1) in respect of any person may be made whether the grounds on which it is made are