Shots conducted in accordance with HO3 and HO4 ballistic protection levels shall be performed in the positions specified on the rifle shot pattern. For testing to the SG1 protection level, a single shot shall be conducted in the centre of the plate. All shots shall be performed at an angle such that the line of flight of the bullet is perpendicular to the flat Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray backing. 6.7.3.4. Post-test measurements After each test shot has been conducted, the rifle plate shall be removed and measurements shall be taken at the marked positions using parts (e) to (f) of the procedure described in Section 6.7.3.2. The armour shall then be re-positioned on the backing material with subsequent shots marked in accordance with parts (b) to (d) of Section 6.7.3.2. The BFS values from each shot location shall be calculated as the difference between the pre- and post-test arithmetic means determined from raw unrounded data from measurements made on the shaped torso backing. 6.7.3.5. Assessments All assessments shall be carried out in accordance with the performance assessment criteria outlined in Section 6.6.1. Perforation shall be assessed from the body side of the armour. BFS values shall be assessed against the limits specified in Table 8. 6.7.3.6. Backing material repair and re-conditioning Following testing, the shaped Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 torso backing materials shall be placed back into the original mould nested in the support container with the front face covered in plastic wrap film. Any cavities in the backing material shall then be back-filled with Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 material that has been conditioned in the same enclosure as the tray; this shall be compressed into the mould and re-conditioned. 6.7.4. Records The following information shall be recorded after each shot has been conducted and included in the test report: • Held or perforated. • Shot velocity measured at 2 ± 0.1 m from front face of panel at the point of aim, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • If held: * position data from each measurement location, measured in millimetres to one decimal place; * mean BFS of each shot, recorded in millimetres to one decimal place; * BFS profile: o hemispherical; o pencilling Ð if this occurs, measurements and photographs shall be taken and presented with the test report to the CAST. • Details of any fragmentation/spall (if applicable). After all shots have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Mean velocity from all shots in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Mean BFS of all shots in test series, recorded in millimetres to one decimal place. 6.8. Critical perforation analysis 6.8.1. Introduction CPA shall be performed on HO1 and HO2 unformed armour following certification testing where the armour has met the minimum acceptable criteria at the given protection levels. The tests aim to identify the velocity associated to a given statistical probability of body armour perforation. Such values shall be used to