event of an apprentice requiring urgent medical treatment, including any emergency operation, when parents, guardians or carers are unable to physically give consent. If the guardian of an apprentice is designated as the local authority social services department, but the apprentice has been in long term care of foster parents or become very close to their foster family then, for minor issues, The Force Apprentice/Student Learner Lead should consider whether it is more appropriate to contact the foster parent in the first instance. Any serious issues will need to be discussed with social services, via the Public Protection Department (PPD). The fact that a child has reached 16 years of age, is living independently, or is in further education, does not change his or her status or entitlement to services or protection under the Children Act 2004. Student. The term ÔstudentÕ is for any officer or police staff member that has not yet been confirmed in rank or post and is studying towards an award or accreditation, including those on an apprenticeship. (Those who are confirmed in rank or post but completing an apprenticeship will be classified as a student for the purposes of this policy and for the duration of their apprenticeship.) Vulnerable Adult. The term Ôvulnerable adultÕ means a person, aged 18 or over, who is or may be in need of community care services by reason of disability, age or illness; and is or may be unable to take care or unable to protect him or herself against significant harm or exploitation. Physical abuse may involve hitting, shaking, throwing, poisoning, burning or scalding, drowning, suffocating, or otherwise causing physical harm. Physical harm may also be caused when a parent or carer fabricates the symptoms of, or deliberately induces, illness in a child. Emotional abuse may involve conveying to young people that they are worthless or unloved, inadequate. It may involve serious bullying (including cyberbullying), causing young people frequently to feel frightened or in danger, or the exploitation or corruption of children or vulnerable adults. Some level of emotional abuse is involved in all types of abuse though it may occur alone. Sexual abuse involves forcing or enticing a young or vulnerable person to take part in sexual activities, not necessarily involving a high level of violence. The activities may involve physical contact, including assault by penetration (for example, rape or oral sex) or non-penetrative acts such as masturbation, kissing, rubbing and touching outside of clothing. They may also include non- contact activities, such as looking at, or in the production of, sexual images or watching sexual activities, or grooming a child or vulnerable person in preparation for abuse (including via the internet). Sexual abuse is not solely perpetrated by adult males. Women can also commit acts of sexual abuse, as can other children and young people. Neglect is the persistent failure to meet a childÕs or vulnerable adultÕs basic physical and/or psychological needs, likely to result in the serious impairment of their health or development. Neglect may