as victims of domestic abuse may be unable to recognise where they have been coerced into providing consent. Non-consensual or harmful non-fatal strangulation can arise in a sexual context. Section 70 of the 2021 Act makes a change to the Serious Crime Act 2015 to provide that a person commits the offence of strangulation or suffocation if they intentionally strangle another person or do any other act that affects another person’s ability to breathe. These actions constitute battery. Whilst it is a defence for the person accused to show that the other person consented, this does not apply where that other person suffers serious harm as a result of the strangulation or any other act, and the person accused intended to cause that other person harm or were reckless as to whether that other person would suffer serious harm. Victims of domestic abuse can also be the subject of reproductive coercion, which can involve: restricting a partner’s access to birth control; refusing to use a birth control method; deception regarding the use of birth control including falsely claiming to be using contraception; and forcing a partner to get an abortion, IVF or other related procedure; or denying access to such procedures. Reproductive coercion can take less overt forms – for instance, a perpetrator may not actively force the victim to have an abortion, but the general cycle of abuse may leave her feeling she has no choice. Women from ethnic minority groups may be more likely to experience reproductive coercion, including forced abortion for ‘honour’-based 31 Causing death is already an offence. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance practices, however, there is at present limited research.32 Further information on coercion is included in the 'Controlling or coercive behaviour' section. Controlling or coercive behaviour Controlling or coercive behaviour can amount to an offence under section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. The offence carries a maximum penalty of five years imprisonment. It is only applicable where: The victim and perpetrator are “personally connected” at the time the behaviour takes place; The behaviour has had a serious effect on the victim, meaning that it has caused the victim to fear violence will be used against them on two or more occasions, or it has had a substantial adverse effect on the victim’s usual day to day activities; and The behaviour takes place repeatedly or continuously. The perpetrator must have known that their behaviour would have a serious effect on the victim, or the behaviour must have been such that he or she ought to have known it would have that effect. Section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 sets out in full the offence of controlling or coercive behaviour. Section 68 of the 2021 Act will amend the definition of “personally connected” in section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. It will remove the “living together” requirement. This means that the offence will apply to partners, ex-partners, or family members, regardless of whether the victim and perpetrator live together.