in the LRF area? o What level of capability is in place already and what are the limitations? o Where are the gaps in local capability? To develop effective plans and deliver suitable warning and informing arrangements, it is important to assess the existing capabilities and limitations for communicating with the public against the risks that have been identified in the LRF area. By carrying out this analysis the LRF will be able to establish a baseline set of existing control measures to compare against the risks identified in the CRR which can then be built upon further into this cycle. After mapping out existing capability, the task group should make a considered judgement as to the gaps in the control measures for warning and informing the public against the risks identified in the CRR Ð this will be re-assessed following Step 5. Step 5 o Identify the target audiences for each risk in the CRR. Where are they located? o Identify vulnerable groups. Has the gap analysis changed as a result? At this stage the task group should have completed the following: o Consideration and agreement of emergency management risk context; o Selection of Lead Responders against all risks identified in the CRR; and o A gap analysis of all existing and proposed warning, informing, and education arrangements in the LRF area. So, whatÕs next? The LRF will now need to identify the target audiences against each risk in the CRR. Who are they? Where are they? Will the chosen method of communication change depending on the time of day or night? What safety action do they need to take for each risk, according to the risk characteristics and timescales outlined in Step 2? What about vulnerable groups and people in the LRF area? Are there any residential care homes or schools? Are there any members of the community with hearing or sight impairments? How will the LRF engage vulnerable people? These groups, and their warning and informing requirements, need to be addressed not only from a site specific perspective, but generically as well. The LRF now need to re-assess the gap analysis by adding the target audiences into the equation. How effective are the existing systems in the light of this re-assessment? Where are the gaps now against each risk in the CRR? Step 6 Consult the public in the LRF area, discuss the partnershipÕs work with neighbouring LRFs and seek out examples of good practice. The task group will now be approaching the stage where it will need to consider making recommendations to the LRF in order to fill the gaps in the warning, informing, and education arrangements to meet with both elements of the communicating with the public duty established in the Civil Contingencies Act (2004). However, before continuing, there are a few more actions that the LRF need to take: a) Consult the public in the LRF area What do the communities want to see put in place? What problems have they faced in previous