bcw054. Bilson, A., Featherstone, B., & Martin, K. E. (In press) How child protectionÕs Ôinvestigative turnÕ impacts on poor and deprived communities Family Law. Harries, M., Cant, R. L., Bilson, A., & Thorpe, D. (2015). Responding to information about children in adversity: Ten years of a differential response model in Western Australia. Child abuse & neglect, 39, 61Ð72. Bilson A., Harries, M., Cant, R. L. & Thorpe, D. (submitted for publication) Accounting for the Increase of Children in Care in Western Australia: What can Client Information Systems Tell Us? Child Abuse and Neglect. 35 Home Crime, justice and the law Your rights and legal support Request CCTV footage of yourself You have the right to request CCTV footage of yourself. You need to make a request to the owner of the CCTV system. You can do this either in writing or verbally. The ownerÕs details are usually written on a sign attached to the camera, unless the owner is obvious (like a shop). Tell them youÕre requesting information held about you under data protection law. The Information CommissionerÕs O?ce (ICO) has guidance about getting copies of your personal data. Provide information to help the owner identify you, for example: a specific date and time proof of your identity a description of yourself The CCTV owner must usually provide the footage free of charge within 1 calendar month. Most CCTV footage is deleted 30 days after itÕs recorded. The CCTV owner might not be allowed to share any footage if: other people can be seen in it theyÕre not able to edit out people to protect their identity The CCTV owner can invite you to a viewing of the footage if: theyÕre unable to provide you with the footage itself you agree to that arrangement They can refuse your request if sharing the footage could put an ongoing criminal investigation at risk. The ICO has guidance about requesting footage: from home CCTV systems relating to a crime Related content Being monitored at work: workers' rights Data protection Contact your council about crime prevention and community safety Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing and local services Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Resolving neighbour disputes Contact your neighbour's landlord If your neighbour is a tenant, you can complain to their landlord. This could be a housing association, the council or a private landlord. Previous Talk to your neighbour Next Use a mediation service Related content Contact the police How to report antisocial behaviour Report a noise nuisance to your council Controlling