the antique firearm or obtaining an estimate of its value and disposing of it possibly through the trade or to a museum or reputable collection. If any antique firearm is retained, the chief officer of police should offer it to a museum, for sale via auction or to a recognised collector organisation in order to ensure the preservation of historic assets which do not pose any threat to public safety. 188 Firearms of particular interest Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 24.11 Similarly, if a firearm is handed in by a firearm or shot gun certificate holder, which appears to be a historic asset or of particular interest and worthy of preservation, even though it is not an antique, it should be confirmed that the person wishing to dispose of it is aware of this possibility in case they wish to consider an alternative method of disposal. They may, for example, prefer to dispose of the firearm through a dealer, or agree to hand it over to a reputable collection. If the owner, having considered these alternatives, decides to hand it in to the police, the chief officer of police should consider offering the firearm to a museum or recognised collectors group. If it appears that a firearm may be of value, then the owner should be advised of this, and sufficient opportunity should be afforded to allow them to have the firearm properly valued and disposed of through a dealer (it may be appropriate to issue a section 7 permit in such circumstances). 24.12 Occasionally, handguns covered by section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act will turn up in deceased effects, possibly legally held under the exemptions provided by the 1997 Act. At other times they may have been illegally held. Either way, the police should immediately take the guns into their care, with legally held items being transferred to a section 5 registered firearms dealer or other authorised recipient. It should be borne in mind that the estate of a deceased person retains title to any surrendered firearms and they should be disposed of in accordance with the instructions of the estate. Unless expressly authorised they should not be destroyed by the police. 24.13 Many museums, the Ministry of Defence, the providers of forensic science services and NaBIS have an interest in certain types of firearms, for example, for court demonstration purposes, and chief officers of police should co-operate, in cases where no owner exists or can be traced, by not destroying a firearm of an unusual type until the staff of these authorities have had an opportunity to examine it. They will make arrangements direct with police forces to inspect firearms and those of interest may be handed over to an official against receipt. 24.14 Ammunition and its packaging may also be of interest to museums and collectors. It should therefore be inspected by independent experts from trade and museums in order to establish its heritage significance, interest and value. If it is of heritage significance, interest or value