Major Events (FRaME) part of the Home Office. The decision to declare a mass fatality incident lies jointly with HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal and the Gold Commander. Consult the chief executive of relevant local authorities when reaching a decision and form a mass fatality coordination group (MFCG) as soon as the decision is made to declare a mass fatality incident. Where police respond to a mass fatality incident, the Gold Commander assumes overall command and has ultimate responsibility and accountability for the police response. This includes attending and possibly chair a strategic coordination group (SCG), if established, or considering the need to request that an SCG is set up. The decision to form an mass fatality coordination group (MFCG) may be influenced by a number of factors: the number of deceased (actual or potential) whether the nature of the incident is likely to make identifying the deceased difficult whether any, or many, of the deceased are in difficult to access locations whether there are fragmented human remains whether the incident was as a result of terrorist or criminal activity if any hazards are present at the scene – for example, asbestos, chemicals or radiological debris – that need to be taken into account before recovering the deceased, property or evidence whether suitable and sustainable mortuary capacity is available for as long as is likely to be required Deceased persons This refers to a body that is readily identifiable as a deceased human being and is still intact. If a limb is severed, even if it is lying alongside a deceased torso missing a limb, it is to be retrieved as separate ‘human remains’. Human remains This refers to any fragments or parts that have come from a human body. Human remains can range from limbs to small fragments. Legal control and care of the body Once HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal jurisdiction is engaged, the legal control and care of the body passes to HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal to allow them to carry out their statutory investigative duties. As soon as this is over, usually following any Post Mortem examination and formal identification process, the body is released back to the next of kin or those entitled to receive it. Those involved with grieving families must deal with them in a sensitive manner and be aware of the terminology that they use. For instance, they must never describe the body of their loved one as ‘belonging to HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal’. See J.Jones ‘The patronising disposition of unaccountable power’ A report to ensure the pain and suffering of the Hillsborough families is not repeated. London: TSO. The functions and responsibilities of HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal, along with any legal language, should be carefully explained to families. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies Serious Crime Bill Delegated Powers – Supplementary Memorandum by the Home Office The Government has tabled further amendments to the Serious Crime Bill for Commons Report stage; these include two new