modified plan to the Secretary of State; and (b) cause the plan or modified plan to be published; and the copy of any modified plan sent to the Secretary of State and the publication of any modified plan must show the modifications, or be accompanied by or published with a document which sets them out or describes them. (10) If the Secretary of State considers that there are grounds for thinking thatÑ (a) a police authorityÕs three-year strategy plan, or (b) any proposals by a police authority for such a plan, or for the modification of such a plan, may not be consistent with any National Policing Plan applicable to a financial year wholly or partly comprised in the period to which the strategy plan applies, he shall, before informing the police authority of his conclusions on whether or not it is in fact so inconsistent, consult with the persons mentioned in subsection (11). (11) Those persons areÑ (a) the police authority in question; (b) the chief officer of police of the police force maintained by that authority; (c) persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the interests of police authorities; and (d) persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police. (12) Before a police authorityÑ (1) 138 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) issues a three-year strategy plan that differs in any material respect from the draft submitted to it by the chief officer of police of the force maintained by that authority, or (b) modifies its three-year strategy plan, it shall consult with that chief officer. (13) Any best value performance plan prepared by a police authority under section 6 of the Local Government Act 1999 (c. 27) for any financial year must be consistent with any three-year strategy plan which sets out the authorityÕs current strategies for policing its area during any period which includes the whole or any part of that financial year. (14) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision forÑ (a) the procedure to be followed on the submission to him of any plan or modifications for the purposes of this section; and (b) the periods which are to constitute relevant three-year periods for the purposes of this section; and those regulations may provide for a period of less than three years to be the first period treated as a relevant three-year period for the purposes of this section. (15) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this