a different entrance to the defendant and wait in a separate waiting area before and after your case has been heard. Some court buildings do not currently have separate entrances for victims, however, where informed, Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service staff will make arrangements to ensure that you do not have to see the defendant on arrival. 8.6 During the trial, you may have to wait to give evidence, Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service court staff will give you a contact point at the court (who may be a member of a witness support service) to keep you updated on the progress of the trial and they or the Crown Prosecution Service prosecutor or advocate will tell you how long you will likely need to wait. 8.7 Sometimes you may need to come back to court on another day, if this happens, Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service court staff or the Crown Prosecution Service prosecutor or advocate will tell you why. Help when attending court Having to attend court can be a worrying experience for any victim. However, you will be contacted by the Witness Care Unit before the trial. As well as providing the Rights listed in paragraphs 8.1, 8.2 and 8.4, they can also provide practical guidance and advice to help you. This includes: ? being told about what to expect in court and answer any questions you might have about the court process; ? if the victim is under 18, being given information for young witnesses; ? being offered help with directions to the court and planning and/or arranging travel or accommodation; ? being offered help arranging child care or additional support to allow you to attend court; ? being given information about claiming witness expenses and allowances; ? being referred to the Crown Prosecution Service, who will answer any questions you may have about the sentence which the Witness Care Unit is not able to answer; and ? being offered a referral to services that support victims before, during or after you have attended court. ? Right 9: To be given information about the outcome of the case and any appeals 9.1 At the end of the case, you have the Right to be told the outcome, including where available, a brief summary of reasons for the decision,37 by the Witness Care Unit, within 1 working day of them receiving the information from the court, which will be within 5 working days of the outcome of the case. 9.2 If the defendant is convicted (found guilty), you have the Right to be told the sentence they received, including a short explanation about the meaning and effect of the sentence, by the Witness Care Unit, within 1 working day of them receiving the information from the court, which will be within 5 working days of the outcome of the case. If you have any questions about the sentence which the Witness Care Unit are unable to answer, you have the Right to be referred