must not use lead shot to shoot: • on or over any area below the high-water mark • within sites of special scientific interest designated for their important wetlands Ð (see Schedule 1 of the 1999 Regulations) • all species of ducks, geese and swans • coot • moorhen • golden plover • common snipe Shooting restrictions during severe winter weather 13.43 Between 7 November and 20 February, if freezing weather lasts for seven consecutive days or more, you should only carry out shooting or scaring activities if it is essential. This is to reduce stress on birds, especially wildfowl, such as ducks, geese, rails and waders that are trying to conserve energy when feeding is difficult in frozen conditions. For freezing periods of 14 consecutive days or more, you must check if there is a statutory suspension on killing or taking any bird listed in Schedule 2 Part 1 of the 1981 Act. Read more about the severe weather scheme and when voluntary or statutory suspension applies on the Joint Nature Conservation Committee website. The British Association for Shooting and Conservation will also advertise periods of suspension. During periods of statutory suspension, you can kill or take Canada geese if it is essential. You must try to avoid disturbing any other wildfowl. Dates when other birds may be taken or killed (all dates are inclusive) Coot, Moorhen, and Golden Plover may be taken or killed outside the close season from 1 September to 31 January in England, Wales and Scotland. Common Snipe 12 August Ð 31 January (England & Wales) 12 August Ð 31 January (Scotland) Woodcock 1 October Ð 31 January (England & Wales) 1 September Ð 31 January (Scotland) Under Section 2(3) the shooting of waterfowl and waders listed in Part I and also in Part IA of Schedule 2 on Sundays and Christmas Day is not permitted in Scotland 125 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law or in the following English and Welsh counties and boroughs (or the areas they once covered): • Anglesey • Brecknock • Caernarvon • Carmarthen • Cardigan • Cornwall • Denbigh • Devon • Doncaster • Glamorgan • Great Yarmouth County Borough • Isle of Ely • Leeds County Borough • Merioneth • Norfolk • Pembroke • Somerset • North and West Ridings of Yorkshire. 13.44 Section 5(1)(c) of the 1981 Act prohibits the use of certain methods, including automatic and semi-automatic weapons (automatic weapon and semi-automatic weapon as defined in Section 27 do not include any weapon where the magazine is incapable of holding more than two rounds) for killing or taking any wild bird, except under a licence issued by the relevant wildlife licensing authority for each UK country. 13.45 Section 11(2) prohibits the use of certain methods, including automatic and semi- automatic weapons, for the killing or taking of any animal in Schedule 6, except under a licence issued by the relevant wildlife licensing authority for each UK country. Conservation of Habitats and Species Regulations 2017 13.46 These regulations