to use its monitoring powers to probe perceived systemic failures in the operation of the Act. For example, if a particular class of Category 2 responder is not sharing information about its local sectoral arrangements, Category 1 responders would be likely to bring this to the attention of their representative bodies. Those representative bodies would then pass this concern on to the Government. The Government might then use these powers to request from all Category 1 and 2 responders in that particular sector details of the nature and volume of the information requests they had received under the Act, and how they had responded. The material provided would allow the Government to judge whether the sector was avoiding its obligations, or whether it was being put under unreasonable pressure, or whether there was some form of blockage in the system that could be removed. The Government could then take action, from adjusting the guidance so as to change expectations through to taking action in the courts 1 ÔMinister of the CrownÕ or ÔMinisterÕ refers to the most appropriate Minister in the given situation. 2 S 9(1)(a) 3 S 9(1)(b) PAGE 3 13.2. The Government relies on current good practice in performance management and on established audit and regulatory bodies across the Category 1 and 2 organisations to assess performance. 13.3. However, where the Government has reason in a particular case to require more information about responder compliance with the duties, and to seek an explanation for non-compliance, these monitoring powers may be used. 13.4. The powers will usually be exercised by the Minister with lead responsibility for civil contingencies. However, all proposals to exercise these powers would be developed in close collaboration with relevant lead government departments, and the Devolved Administrations, and agreed between departments and administrations with an interest. The role of Ministers in Scotland and Northern Ireland 13.5. The Act 4 gives Scottish Ministers powers to require: o the provision of information about actions taken by Scottish Category 1 or 2 responders 5 in the performance of its Part 1 duties; and o an explanation as to why the responder has not taken action to comply with its duties under Part 1 of the Act. 13.6. The Act 6 gives the Northern Ireland Department of Justice powers to require: o the provision of information about actions taken by the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) 7 in the performance of its Part 1 duties in relation to its devolved functions ; and 4 S 11 5 Sch1 p 2 & 4 6 S 9 as amended by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 (Devolution of Policing and Justice Functions) Order 2010. 7 The Act assigns responder status to the Chief Constable. o an explanation as to why the responder has not taken action to comply with its duties under Part 1 of the Act in relation to its devolved functions. 13.7. Powers in relation to non-devolved functions of the PSNI would be exercised by a Minister of the Crown.