responsibility We are responsible for doing the right thing, even when the circumstances are difficult. Deciding the right course of action is not always easy, particularly in situations that are uncertain. We embrace the trust placed on us by the public. As part of our decision-making process, we consider our options and think about the impact that our decisions could have on those affected. We are open and transparent, clearly communicating our rationale for the decisions and actions we take. We take ownership of our actions, address the consequences and learn from the experience. We show courage by setting an example We are role models and consistently demonstrate professional behaviour. We support our leaders in creating a positive ethical culture. We seek to build and maintain the confidence of the public we serve, and with our colleagues and partners, through the way that we conduct ourselves. We help to protect ourselves, our colleagues and those around us by maintaining professional boundaries. We show courage by challenging unprofessional behaviour and practice We always challenge behaviours, language and attitudes that undermine our profession. We challenge all prejudice, discriminatory behaviour and any activity that undermines the impartiality of policing. We are courageous in challenging colleagues, irrespective of rank or grade. We support an environment where ethical issues can be raised and addressed. We may have to engage in difficult conversations with colleagues when we hear or see things that are unprofessional. We call out unprofessional behaviour, report incidents of unprofessional conduct, ask for assistance and/or offer support to those involved. We show courage by being honest, open and accountable We demonstrate integrity and understand the need to be truthful in accounting for our decisions and actions. We expect to be judged by the quality of our decision-making, rather than just the outcome. We show courage by encouraging feedback and scrutiny We welcome feedback, scrutiny and challenge on our decisions, including where we make mistakes. We reflect on our actions and their impact so that we can learn and develop. Gallwch wylio'r fideo yma yn Gymraeg (You can watch this video in Welsh) Taking responsibility We are responsible for doing the right thing, even when the circumstances are difficult. Deciding the right course of action is not always easy, particularly in situations that are uncertain. We embrace the trust placed on us by the public. As part of our decision-making process, we consider our options and think about the impact that our decisions could have on those affected. We are open and transparent, clearly communicating our rationale for the decisions and actions we take. We take ownership of our actions, address the consequences and learn from the experience. Setting an example We are role models and consistently demonstrate professional behaviour. We support our leaders in creating a positive ethical culture. We seek to build and maintain the confidence of the public we serve, and with our colleagues and partners, through the way that we conduct ourselves. We help to protect ourselves, our colleagues and