many different audiences. These can be grouped as follows : 7.1. Survivors (Group A) and others affected by the emergency (Group B) 7.106. The needs of these two groups are the main focus of attention in the initial response to an incident and beyond. 7.107. Providing information to Group A is, in effect, an extension of the warning phase. Those at the scene are under direct instruction from the emergency services. Those in charge of operations are best placed to decide what advice or instructions are required, by whom and how quickly. 7.108. Group B urgently need to know what they need to do immediately - this may be a message to stay indoors and shut windows, to evacuate, to follow decontamination instructions, or to report somewhere for medical checks. Planning should address these issues. Group B may also need (and certainly will want) to know why the advice is being given. 7.109. Responders should take into account different response behaviours and tailor their messages appropriately. The majority of people need leadership and direction; some need to be controlled. Messages should focus on encouraging positive actions. Group behaviour can manifest itself positively (helping others) or negatively (endangering others), but the majority of individuals are likely to need some level of support. 7.110. In the earliest moments following an incident, vital operational decisions are often made by the first police officers, emergency workers or even members of the public at the scene. Pre-planning should ensure that decisions about the nature and timing of advice to the public have a prominent place among the urgent matters to be dealt with. If official information is not quickly communicated to the public, there is a greater risk of inaccurate information from informal sources (such as SMS text or social networking messages) becoming widely spread and accepted. 7.111. Responders are unlikely to be able to rely solely on the media to reach the Group B audience. Planning should recognise that targeting will need to be more precise than can be achieved by broadcasters. Procedures should include some form of audit trail of who has or has not been contacted. The media may be used to provide basic safety messages. 7.1. Local people (Group C), friends and relatives (Group D) 7.112. Local media can be particularly helpful in addressing Group C, providing general information about the emergency, information on how the public can help and advice on disruption in the area, e.g. traffic bulletins. It is important for communications planning to ensure that Group C, in particular, can get access to regular progress updates. 7.113. Category 1 responders should work closely with the media, especially local radio, ahead of time to prepare useful standard material. The text of announcements should, where possible, be agreed with broadcasters in advance to avoid unnecessary questions of editorial control under pressure. 7.114. Group D will usually be alerted to an emergency through the national media. The most likely first response is to phone the people they know in the area,