by a person taking part in a one-person protest may result in serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the protest include, in particular, where it may result in persons connected with the organisation not being reasonably able, for a prolonged period of time, to carry on in that vicinity the activities or any one of them. (7) For the purposes of subsection (1)(b)(i), the noise generated by a person carrying on a one-person protest may have a relevant impact on persons in the vicinity of the protest ifÑ (a) it may result in the intimidation or harassment of persons of reasonable firmness with the characteristics of persons likely to be in the vicinity, or (b) it may cause such persons to suffer alarm or distress. (8) In considering for the purposes of subsection (1)(b)(ii) whether the noise generated by a person carrying on a one-person protest may have a significant impact on persons in the vicinity of the protest, the senior police officer must have regard toÑ (a) the likely number of persons of the kind mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (7) who may experience an impact of the kind mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of that subsection, (b) the likely duration of that impact on such persons, and (c) the likely intensity of that impact on such persons. (a) 88 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (9) A direction given by a chief officer of police by virtue of subsection (5)(b) must be given in writing. (10) A person (ÒPÓ) is guilty of an offence ifÑ (a) P organises or carries on a one-person protest, (b) P fails to comply with a condition imposed under this section, and (c) at the time P fails to comply with the condition, P knows or ought to know that the condition has been imposed. (11) It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under subsection (10) to prove that the failure arose from circumstances beyond the personÕs control. (12) A person who incites another to commit an offence under subsection (10) is guilty of an offence. (13) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (10) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale. (14) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (12) is liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks