time when the weapon is made available for sale or as a gift or (as the case may be) when it is sold or given as a gift. 2.23 A person guilty of an offence under this section is, on summary conviction, liable to a term of imprisonment not exceeding 12 months (or, in relation to offences committed before paragraph 24(2) of Schedule 22 to the Sentencing Act 2020 comes into force, 6 months) or to a fine, or to both. On conviction on indictment, the maximum sentence is imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to a fine, or to both. 2.24 See the gov.uk website for further information on deactivation specifications. 10 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Notifying the Home Office of the transfer or possession of a deactivated firearm 2.25 The Firearms Regulations 2019 require the notification to the Home Office, as the relevant national authority, of possession of a deactivated firearm and their transfer Ð but only when the transfer is for a period of more than 14 days. 2.26 Owners of deactivated firearms need to notify the transfer or possession as follows: • Deactivated firearms being transferred for a period of 14 days or more, regardless of when they were acquired, need to be notified and the firearm must meet current deactivation standards before being transferred. • Home Office Circular 010/2019 explains the changes in more detail. • There are two forms on gov.uk to be used for the notification or transfer of deactivated firearms. The required information must then be submitted either by email to: deactivatedfirearmsnotifications@homeoffice.gov.uk or by registered post or recorded delivery to: Deactivated Firearms Notification Home Office Firearms Policy Unit 5th Floor, Fry Building 2 Marsham Street London SW1P 4DF 2.27 It is an offence under regulation 2(1) of The Firearms Regulations 2019 if a person transfers a deactivated firearm to another person and does not give notice of the transfer to the appropriate national authority in accordance with regulation 2(2). A person guilty of an offence under regulation 2(1) is liable to a fine of up to £200. 2.28 Under Regulation 3(1), a person in possession of a deactivated firearm for a period of more than 14 days commits an offence if they fail to give notice of the deactivated firearm to the appropriate national authority unless the deactivated firearm has been transferred to that person and the transfer has already been notified by the person transferring it. In most instances this will avoid the need for the same deactivated firearm to be declared twice. Where a person in possession of a deactivated firearm commits an offence under regulation 3(1), it is a defence for that person to show that they reasonably believed that the transferor had given, or would give, notice of the transfer in accordance with the arrangements set out within regulation 2. A person guilty of an offence under this regulation is liable to a level 1 fine (£200). Readily convertible imitation firearms 2.29 Section 1