in this field and we already have reporting processes directly to the police, through local arrangements with the specialist unit in the force who deal with these cases. Do I have to call 101? No. The legislation requires a report to be made to the police, but it does not mandate the process for making the report. If you have a formal agreement with the relevant team in the police that reports can be made to them directly, then reports may be made this way. In all cases you should ensure that you are given a reference number for the case and keep a record of this. The 101 process is recommended as a simple and clear reporting route for professionals who need to make a report under the duty and who do not routinely have contact with the relevant team within the police. I have a duty of confidence to my patients, doesnﾃ付 requiring a report to the police breach this? No. Complying with the duty does not breach any confidentiality requirement or other restriction on disclosure which might otherwise apply, including any legal requirements. If you are a relevant professional and you become aware of a case where the duty applies, the legislation requires you to make a report to the police. I work in a clinic where patients do not have to provide their personal details. I have identified a case where the duty applies, but I suspect that the details I have for the girl are not accurate. What should I do? If you would not previously have taken any additional action to obtain accurate details, that should not change. You should make the report according to the available information and let the police know that you are not sure whether all of the information that you have is accurate. I have identified a case where the duty applies, and it is not clear from the girlﾃ不 records whether a report has already been made - what should I do? If the girlﾃ不 records are unclear, you should report the case to the police in accordance with the duty and highlight that you believe a report may have been made previously. What should I do if I have come under the duty to report and I think another professional working in my organisation should have made a report previously, but I cannot see any evidence that they ever did anything? You should report the case to the police in accordance with the duty and highlight that you believe a report may have been made previously. As failure to comply with the duty represents a failure of the individual to comply with their professional duties, you may also wish to consider whether to highlight this to the relevant safeguarding lead in your organisation. What should I do if the girlﾃ不 family assure me that the case has been reported to the police under the duty, but I cannot see any evidence of this? If there is no