property, or o has, at any time, held property that was recoverable property or associated property at the time; • the reasonable grounds for believing: o that customer information which may be provided in compliance with the order is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by 36 Section 416(4). itself) to the investigation for the purposes of which the order is sought; and o it is in the public interest for the customer information to be provided, having regard to the benefit likely to accrue to the investigation if the information is obtained. Particular action to be taken before an application for a customer information order is made 126. The appropriate officer must carefully consider his existing evidence and information so as to limit the number or scope of financial institutions. This may include researching NCAÕs intelligence system and the Police National Computer. They must consider what benefit the customer information they may obtain may have, either in itself or as the lead to other avenues of investigation. They must also consider whether the information they wish to gain could not be acquired as effectively and efficiently from material which could be obtained by way of a production order. The appropriate officer should consider the cost both to their employer and the financial institutions in complying with the order. 127. The appropriate officer should particularly consider the proportionality of requesting the customer information, against the believed benefit to the investigation. They must also consider the broader issues of law enforcement such as the benefit to the community of removing the suspected proceeds from circulation. Particular action to be taken when serving notices under a customer information order 128. Section 363(5) requires a financial institution to provide any customer information which it has relating to the person specified in the application if it is given notice in writing by an appropriate officer. Section 363(6) gives the appropriate officer power to require the financial institution to provide the information in a particular manner, and at, or by, a particular time. The appropriate officer is expected to impose a reasonable time limit depending on the nature of the institution and the information which is requested. There will be cases where the best practice is to contact the financial institution before the notice is served to discuss a reasonable time limit. 129. A notice given under a customer information order must include the following: • the name of the financial institution; • the name of the person(s) (or other identifying factor) about whom customer information is sought; • the financial institutionÕs right to refuse to comply with any • requirement made of it unless the appropriate officer has, if asked to do so, produced evidence of their authority; • the period of time within which the customer information must be provided; • the manner in which such information must be provided; • the place at or to which the information is to be provided; • where the appropriate officer believes that