(See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(1ZA) A person commits an offence if, without reasonable excuse, he contravenes a prohibition imposed byÑ (a) a sexual harm prevention order, or (b) an interim sexual harm prevention order, other than a prohibition on foreign travel.Ó 64 In the cross-heading before section 114 of that Act (foreign travel orders: applications and grounds), after ÒordersÓ there is inserted Ò (Scotland and Northern Ireland) Ó. 65 (1) Section 117A of that Act (foreign travel orders: surrender of passports) is amended as follows. (2) For the heading there is substituted Ò Surrender of passports: Northern Ireland Ó. (3) In subsection (2), after Òat a police stationÓ there is inserted Ò in Northern Ireland Ó. (4) In subsection (3), at the end there is inserted Ò(unless the person is subject to an equivalent prohibition under another order)Ó. 66 In section 117B of that Act (surrender of passports: Scotland), at the end of subsection (3) there is inserted Ò(unless the person is subject to an equivalent prohibition under another order)Ó. 67 (1) Section 119 of that Act (foreign travel orders: appeals) is amended as follows. (2) For the heading there is substituted Ò Appeals in relation to foreign travel orders: Northern Ireland Ó. (3) In subsection (1), for Òthe Crown CourtÓ there is substituted Ò a county court Ó. (4) In subsection (2), for Òthe Crown CourtÓ there is substituted Ò the county court Ó. (5) For subsection (3) there is substitutedÑ Ò(3) Any order made by a county court on an appeal under subsection (1)(a) (other than an order directing that an application be re-heard by a court of summary Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 259 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes jurisdiction) is for the purposes of section 118(5) to be treated as if it were an order of the court from which the appeal was brought (and not an order of the county court).Ó 68 (1) Section 122 (offence: breach of foreign travel order) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, at the end there is inserted ÒetcÓ. (3) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for Òexcuse, heÓ there is substituted ÒexcuseÑ (a) heÓ; (b) at the end there is inserted Ò, or (b) he contravenes a prohibition on foreign travel imposed by a sexual harm prevention order.Ó (4) In subsection (1B)(a) the words ÒEngland and Wales andÓ are omitted. 69 In the cross-heading before section 123 of that Act, after ÒordersÓ there is inserted Ò (Northern Ireland) Ó. 70