72. The following requirements are applicable to Armouries of any construction where circumstances warrant an enhanced level of security. Internal Firearms Security: within any armoury there should be provided a system for secure separation of individual person's firearms, where there is more than one user. This may be achieved by: a) individual lockers or cabinets for each person sharing the facility; b) weapons racks with individually locked anchored chain or security cord; c) wire mesh cages or weapon racks with separate lock (for multiple weapons, i.e. clubs sharing same facility). 74. Alarms (where appropriate): the armoury and all areas deemed part of a "secured area" should be protected by an intruder alarm installed to at least British Standard BS 4737-3.30:2015 by a compliant installer. 75. The alarm should be so designed and installed that its components and system will: a) detect any physical attack on the structure of an armoury at the time the attack commences on the outer surfaces a) b) on all other secured areas, provide detection by suitable motion detection devices c) provide signalling by a secured and monitored system to the current NPCC Intruder Alarm Policy d) any safety alarms activated by a person locked inside a secured area must provide audible warning which, if not cancelled within a specific safety time, signals out to the monitoring station; e) provide either fixed or wire free devices ("panic" buttons or pendants) for signalling personal attack on persons on or at the premises; f) provide silent duress coding in the event of a forced disarming of the system; g) give suitable local visual and audible warning that an attack on the premises has been detected. a) ANNEX B CARRIAGE (BY PRIVATE INDIVIDUALS) OF BLACK POWDER & SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION FOR USE IN SMALL ARMS AND MODEL ROCKET MOTORS Guidance on Good Practice drafted by representatives of the Police and the Shooting Sports, in conjunction with HSE 1. The transportation of explosives by private individuals in their own motor vehicles for leisure activities is permitted within certain weight limits. Explosives include black powder (gunpowder), smokeless powders, small arms ammunition for use in small arms, and model rocket motors. It is the responsibility of the individual carrying the explosives to ensure that the prescribed limits are not exceeded. Given the instances of road accidents, care must always be taken to prevent the presence of explosives from increasing the hazard produced by the accident to the driver, passengers and any other persons. 2. To that end, the following are recommended methods of transporting those explosives in a safe and secure manner by road. They do not cover the restrictions placed on the carriage of explosives by rail or by any form of public transport. 3. The person who is in lawful possession of the explosives must ensure that the vehicle, when parked and unattended, is locked and any immobiliser or alarm should be set. If possible the vehicle should be parked within the sight of the responsible person and not left