Serious Crime Act 2007; • the Coroners and Justice Act 2009; • the Crime and Courts Act 2013; • the Finance Act 2013; and • the Serious Crime Act 2015 Introduction 1. This Code is issued by the Attorney General for England and Wales and the Advocate General for Northern Ireland (hereinafter Òthe Attorney GeneralÓ) under section 377A of POCA. The Attorney General must make a Code of Practice under that section as to: (a) the exercise by the relevant Directors of functions they have under Chapter 2 of Part 8 of POCA; and (b) the exercise by any other person, who is the relevant authority by virtue of section 357(9) of POCA in relation to a confiscation investigation, of functions that person has under Chapter 2 of Part 8 of POCA in relation to England, Wales and Northern Ireland as the relevant authority. (a) 2. What that means is that this Code provides guidance as to how, in England, Wales and Northern Ireland the relevant Directors are to use the Part 8 investigatory powers in their role as appropriate officers in civil recovery investigations1, how the relevant Directors are to use their powers to obtain a disclosure order in a civil recovery or a confiscation investigation2, how a person specified by the Secretary of State as a prosecutor under section 357(9) is to use the power to obtain a disclosure order in a confiscation investigation3, and how the relevant Directors use their powers to request assistance in connection with a civil recovery investigation, a detained cash investigation or an exploitation proceeds investigation, in relation to evidence which is overseas4. The powers of investigation are not available for a civil recovery investigation if an interim receiving order or administration order is extant against the relevant property; proceedings for a civil recovery order have been started against the relevant property; or cash is detained under section 295 of POCA5, although they do remain available if a property freezing order has been obtained, but proceedings for a civil recovery order have not started. 3. The Code of Practice replaces earlier codes of practice issued under section 377A of POCA on 1st April 2008 in respect of Northern Ireland and 1st June 2015 in respect of England and Wales. The Code should not be regarded as a complete or authoritative statement of the law. Only the courts can give an authoritative interpretation of the legislation, and the contents of this Code may be affected by subsequent judicial decisions and changes to the relevant legislation. 4. In this Code, references to statutory provisions are to provisions of POCA, unless otherwise stated. 1 See section 378(3)(a). 2 See section 357. 3 See the Proceeds of Crime (Disclosure Orders: Confiscation Investigations) (Specified Person) Order 2014, SI 2014/3207. The Director of the Serious Fraud Office has been specified as a prosecutor for the purposes of section 357(8)(b) (a confiscation investigation carried out by an AFI). 4 See section 375A. 5 See section 341(3). 5. This Code includes