employees irrespective of their rank, grade or position have a core responsibility for health and safety and have a unique and valuable contribution to make. All employees are expected to co-operate fully in the achievement of this policy and understand their legal responsibilities to take reasonable care of the health and safety of themselves and those other persons who may be affected by what they do or fail to do at work. Any identified breaches will be fully investigated, and employees and managers will be held to account for their actions, as appropriate. A copy of this statement will be brought to the attention of all employees and will be reviewed on an annual basis or in light of any significant changes. We give our full backing to this policy and will support all those who endeavour to carry it out. Catherine Roper, Chief Constable for Wiltshire Police 24/05/24 Philip Wilkinson, Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire and Swindon 24/05/24 Template v5 WILTSHIRE POLICE POLICY STOP and SEARCH Date of Publication: October 2022 Version: 7.0 Next Review Date: October 2024 POLICY STATEMENT Wiltshire Police has undertaken to operate under the Home Office ÔBest Use of Stop and SearchÕ Scheme 2014. All stops and searches must be carried out in line with the rules set out in Code A of the Police & Criminal Evidence Act 1984 and in accordance with the College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice. The use of stop and search powers is a valuable and effective policing tactic to prevent crime, gain intelligence, disrupt illegal activity and secure the arrest of locally active criminals. If undertaken in the correct manner such tactics will effectively reduce crime and disorder and will have a positive impact on community relations. The police have a range of statutory powers of stop and search available to them, depending on the circumstances. Most, but not all, of these powers require an officer to have reasonable grounds for suspicion that an unlawful item is being carried. A stop and search is most likely to be fair and effective when: • the search is justified, lawful and stands up to public scrutiny • the officer genuinely suspect that they will find the item searched for and it is objectively reasonable for them to suspect this, given the information available to them1 • the person understands why they have been searched and feels that they have been treated with respect • the search was necessary and was the most proportionate method the police officer could use to establish whether the person has such an item. Four core elements underpin the definition: 1. The decision to stop and/or search a person must be fair. 2. The search must be legal in basis and in application. 3. Interaction with the public during the encounter must be professional. 4. Police use of stop and search powers must be transparent and accountable. The suspicion should relate to the likelihood of the person being in possession of the item, not the