will be one Category 1 responder and one voluntary organisation linked to a specific function, for example, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) and the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI). In other cases, where a voluntary organisation performs a range of functions, it would need to be associated with more than one Category 1 responder and represented on all the relevant functional groups. In all cases, local civil protection personnel should be fully aware of the level of voluntary sector support available and the arrangements for its provision in a co-ordinated manner. Model 4: Bilateral links on the basis of capabilities 14.15. A related method is to distinguish between the operational role of voluntary organisations when they directly help in the response to an emergency, and their support role, for example when they provide refreshments for the emergency services. An LRF-level multi-agency plan should list which services are offered across the range of voluntary organisations. A key principle of the plan is to avoid double-counting by indicating which Category 1 responder has first call on (or priority need for) any particular voluntary contribution and to define a co-ordinated call-out system. 14.1. Box 14.1 Lincolnshire case study on co-ordinating the voluntary response (including Ôconvergent volunteersÕ) during emergencies Toplan forthepotentialresource challenges ofcoastal flooding, emergency planners needed a clear understanding of the capability and capacity of the voluntary sector to help statutory agencies respond and recover during a large scale, wide area and prolonged emergency. A two-day conference was held for the voluntary sector, which included discussions around a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) and its implications. The conference also provided an opportunity to invite larger voluntary sector organisations to assist with joint training initiatives and, for example, assure the ability of the British Red Cross (BRC) to operate at the levels required. The voluntary sector was promoted in a positive and helpful way, increasing senior managersÕ and emergency respondersÕ awareness and understanding of their capability. Voluntary sector organisations appreciated the fact that their contributions were valued and respected. The conference led to the formal development of a collectively agreed MOU in Lincolnshire, allowing: • co-ordination of the voluntary sector response in the county on behalf of the LRF (including convergent volunteers) by British Red Cross; • voluntary sector representatives to work alongside the unified rescue cell as part of the command support functions that are established during an emergency response; • assessment of volunteer and convergent volunteer capabilities; • identification of a focal point for LRF requests for deployment; and • Individual voluntary sector organisations are then brought into the detail of planning through bilateral relationships with Category 1 responders on the basis of their capabilities and functions, ensuring full interconnectedness between the voluntary and statutory sectors. Voluntary sector organisations also take part in some other LRF subgroups, are offered training and take part in exercises. ÒBy establishing a voluntary sector subgroup of the LRF, we ensure that the statutory responders have access to a clear picture of the voluntary sectorÕs capabilities in