Defence Police as he may from time to time require; and to exercise such other functions as may be conferred on it by or under this Act; and the Secretary of State may make regulations concerning the membership and the procedure of the Committee.” After section 6 of that Act there shall be inserted— “6A Powers to make regulations Any power of the Secretary of State under this Act to make regulations shall include power to make different provision for different purposes.” Functions of inspectors of constabulary Before section 5 of the Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 (c. 4) there shall be inserted— “4B Functions of inspectors of constabulary The inspectors of constabulary shall inspect, and report to the Secretary of State on, the efficiency and effectiveness of the Ministry of Defence Police. The Secretary of State may at any time require the inspectors of constabulary to carry out an inspection under this section of the Ministry of Defence Police and to report to him on that inspection. A requirement under subsection (2) may include a requirement for the inspection to be confined to a particular part of the Ministry of Defence Police, to particular matters or to particular activities of the Ministry of Defence Police. The inspectors of constabulary shall carry out such other duties for the purposes of furthering the efficiency and effectiveness of the Ministry of Defence Police as the Secretary of State may from time to time direct. Before carrying out any inspection by virtue of subsection (1) in Scotland, the inspectors of constabulary shall consult the Scottish inspectors with respect to the scope and conduct of the proposed inspection. In this section— “the inspectors of constabulary” means Her Majesty’s Inspectors of Constabulary appointed under section 54 of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16); “the Scottish inspectors” means the inspectors of constabulary appointed under section 33 of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77). Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 – The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 131 4C Publication of reports Subject to subsection (2) below, the Secretary of State shall arrange for any report received by him under section 4B above to be published in such manner as appears to him to be appropriate. The Secretary of State may exclude from publication under subsection (1) above any part of a report if, in his opinion, the publication of that part— would be against the interests of national security; or might jeopardise the safety of any person. The Secretary