stage. • Line managers are expected to discuss these with the individual at the earliest opportunity and agreements should be reached as to the necessity of any support plan, targets; timescales set and follow up action required. This should be clearly documented and added to the ePDR system. • Where improvements are forthcoming, this should be recognised, acknowledged to the individual and the matter closed. • These discussions should always take place privately. 2.3 Relationship with the Issue Resolution Procedure (i) There may be occasions where an issue that initially appears to be suitable for the Issue Resolution Procedure, leads to an emergence of potential disciplinary issues. In such cases, the Manager will consult the HR department. (ii) Except in cases of gross misconduct, which will be dealt with immediately under this disciplinary procedure, any misconduct activity may not necessarily commence until the issue resolution process has been resolved. Following conclusion of this process, a decision will be made as to the appropriateness of a misconduct assessment being undertaken and as a result, any disciplinary action taken. (iii) It is acknowledged that an aggrieved member of staff instigating the issue resolution process may not wish to make misconduct allegations against another member of staff. However, whilst their views will be taken into consideration, there may be circumstances where the disciplinary process may need to be instigated such as where the allegation is deemed too serious, or there are compelling issues of public or organisational interest. Table of Contents 2.4 Escalating to the Formal Procedure If subsequent informal action fails to achieve the desired improvements, then the individual should be notified that any continued lack of improvement will mean that the matter will be escalated to be considered under the formal discipline procedure. If no improvement is then forthcoming, the supervisor or line manger should refer the matter on to their immediate line manager for consideration under the formal procedure. 3. PROBATIONARY PERIOD Individuals, who are subject to the disciplinary process during their probationary period, should refer to the Probationary Policy and Procedure for Police Staff. 4. FORMAL PROCEDURE 4.1 Initiating the Formal Procedure The formal discipline procedure should be used where informal action has failed to achieve the desired improvement in conduct OR where a matter is more serious such that informal action would be inappropriate. In ALL cases the line manager must consult with HR to consider if a formal investigation is necessary. No formal action should be taken until this process is completed. This will ensure consistency of approach and application of this procedure. Other Considerations 4.2 Inability to Participate in the Formal Procedure due to Ill-Health In circumstances where an individual is unable to participate within the formal procedure due to ill-health, wherever possible, the Organisation will make the necessary reasonable adjustments in order for the process to continue. Wherever reasonably practicable, the individual will be given the opportunity to physically attend and be accompanied at the disciplinary investigation/hearing in order to respond to the allegations made