the matter, and (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 69 PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) is not an offence that is triable only summarily by virtue of section 22 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 (either-way offences where value involved is small). (10) The Secretary of State may by order amend Schedule 2A as it applies in relation to dwelling-houses in England byÑ (a) adding an indictable offence; (b) removing an offence. (11) The Welsh Ministers may by order amend Schedule 2A as it applies in relation to dwelling-houses in Wales byÑ (a) adding an indictable offence; (b) removing an offence. (12) An order under subsection (10) or (11)Ñ (a) is to be made by statutory instrument; (b) may make different provision for different purposes; (c) may include incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional or saving provision. (13) A statutory instrument containing an order under subsection (10) or (11) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution ofÑ (a) each House of Parliament (in the case of an order of the Secretary of State), or (b) the National Assembly for Wales (in the case of an order of the Welsh Ministers).Ó (2) After Schedule 2 to that Act there is inserted the Schedule set out in Schedule 3 to this Act. 95 Notice requirements for new ground After section 83 of the Housing Act 1985 (proceedings for possession or termination: notice requirements) there is insertedÑ Ò83ZA Notice requirements in relation to proceedings for possession on absolute ground for anti-social behaviour (1) This section applies in relation to proceedings for possession of a dwelling- house under section 84A (absolute ground for possession for anti-social behaviour), including proceedings where possession is also sought on one or more of the grounds set out in Schedule 2. (2) The court must not entertain the proceedings unless the landlord has served on the tenant a notice under this section. (1) 70 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024.