and at force-wide level establishing partnership agreements facilitating constructive engagement, including at local criminal justice board level Health and safety Under the Health and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974, an organisation (including a police force) has a duty and liability as an employer that extends to employees (police officers and staff) and those who are not strictly employees but who provide a service to it, such as agency or contract staff. This employer’s duty includes: providing and maintaining a safe place of work and equipment providing competent employees establishing and enforcing a safe system of work All duties are personal and cannot be delegated. Designation of a police station It is the responsibility of the chief officer to designate a police station for the purposes of PACE. Custody suites must be fit for purpose before a police station is designated under section 35 of PACE. Forces must continue to maintain them at that standard. HMICFRS and HMIP specify that new custody suites must provide spaces that allow private booking-in areas for charging detainees for sensitive offences, or booking in vulnerable people. Human resources and training Appropriate training and resources can help to minimise problems arising while people are detained by the police. Police resources There is no standard model for staffing levels or resource composition in custody. Forces should establish a staffing model which considers: demand levels, such as at peak times of day, month and year, including seasonal variations the number of people detained each year the number of detainees anticipated in future years the efficiency of the custody process geographical area resourcing of special events the physical structure and design of the custody suite staff training succession planning operational resilience Custody resources The following resources must be available when required: custody officers detention staff (police officers/staff/contract staff) adequate inspector and superintendent cover to meet the requirements of PACE an appropriate gender balance among staff to ensure female detainees have appropriate access to female custody staff HCPs legal advice referral scheme workers interpreters via telephone/videophone or in person appropriate adults Using private contracts for some roles within custody may help to make the most efficient use of designated staff (see contractual arrangements for contract staff). Those working in custody must have clearly defined roles and responsibilities regardless of the title of the role. Each employee should fully understand their role and responsibilities. Each force should have a specific profile for the role of the: custody officer detention officer detention assistant escort officer The IOPC’s jurisdiction in relation to contractors is set out in The Independent Police Complaints Commission (Complaints and Misconduct) (Contractors) Regulations 2015. These regulations apply to any new matters coming to the attention of the appropriate authority on or after 8 April 2015 and apply to all contractors who enter into a contract with the chief officer or PCC. Custody officer It is a statutory requirement under PACE section 36 that a chief officer (or other officer as directed by the chief officer) appoints a custody