under section 1 (see section 5) about the exercise of their functions under this Part. (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published. 20 Interpretation etc (1) In this PartÑ Òanti-social behaviourÓ has the meaning given by section 2; ÒharmÓ includes serious ill-treatment or abuse, whether physical or not; Òhousing accommodationÓ includesÑ (a) flats, lodging-houses and hostels; (b) any yard, garden, outhouses and appurtenances belonging to the accommodation or usually enjoyed with it; (c) any common areas used in connection with the accommodation; Òhousing providerÓ meansÑ (a) a housing trust, within the meaning given by section 2 of the Housing Associations Act 1985, that is a charity; (b) a housing action trust established under section 62 of the Housing Act 1988; (c) in relation to England, a non-profit private registered provider of social housing; (d) in relation to Wales, a Welsh body registered as a social landlord under section 3 of the Housing Act 1996; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 13 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (e) any body (other than a local authority or a body within paragraphs (a) to (d)) that is a landlord under a secure tenancy within the meaning given by section 79 of the Housing Act 1985; Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council; ÒrespondentÓ has the meaning given by section 1(1). (2) A person's age is treated for the purposes of this Part as being that which it appears to the court to be after considering any available evidence. 21 Saving and transitional provision (1) In this section Òexisting orderÓ means any of the following injunctions and ordersÑ (a) an anti-social behaviour injunction under section 153A of the Housing Act 1996; (b) an injunction under section 153B of that Act (injunction against unlawful use of premises); (c) an injunction in which anything is included by virtue of section 153D(3) or (4) of that Act (power to include provision banning person from premises or area, or to include power of arrest, in injunction against breach of tenancy agreement); (d) an order under section 1 or 1B of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (anti- social behaviour orders etc); (e)