have been, or may be, given under Schedule 2 to the Immigration Act 1971 or section 10 of the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999, or (b) an offender against whom a deportation order under section 5 of the Immigration Act 1971 is in force. 104 Variation of conditions An authorised person or prosecution authority may, with the consent of the offender, vary the conditions attached to a diversionary caution byÑ (a) varying or omitting any of the conditions; (a) 118 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) adding a condition. 105 Effect of diversionary caution (1) Where a diversionary caution is given, criminal proceedings may be instituted against the offender for the offence in respect of which the caution was given if, but only if, the offender fails without reasonable excuse to comply with any of the conditions attached to the caution. (2) The document mentioned in section 99(2)(e) is admissible in such proceedings. (3) Where such proceedings are instituted, the diversionary caution ceases to have effect. 106 Arrest for failure to comply (1) If a constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the offender has failed without reasonable excuse to comply with any of the conditions attached to a diversionary caution, the constable may arrest the offender without warrant. (2) A person arrested under this section must beÑ (a) charged with the offence in question, or (b) released without charge. (3) A person released without charge under subsection (2)(b) must beÑ (a) released on bail ifÑ (i) the release is to enable a decision to be made as to whether the offender should be charged with the offence, and (ii) the pre-conditions for bail are satisfied, or (b) in any other case, released without bail (with or without any variation in the conditions attached to the caution). (4) Subsection (2) also applies in the case ofÑ (a) a person who, having been released on bail under subsection (3)(a), returns to a police station to answer bail or is otherwise in police detention at a police station; (b) a person who, having been released on bail under section 30A of the 1984 Act (bail elsewhere than at police station) as applied by section 107 below, attends at a police station to answer bail or is otherwise in police detention at a police station; (c) a person who is arrested under section 30D or 46A of the 1984 Act (power of arrest for failure to answer to police bail) as applied