in WalesÓ. The purpose of this document is to give professionals subject to the duty and their employers an understanding of the legal requirements it places on them, a suggested process to follow, and an overview of the action which may be taken if they fail to comply with the duty. It also aims to give the police an understanding of the duty and the next steps upon receiving a report. In addition to complying with the duty, professionals should continue to have regard to their wider safeguarding responsibilities, which require consideration and action to be taken whenever there is any identified or known risk to a child, whether in relation to FGM or another matter. The process map at annex A shows where the duty fits within existing child safeguarding responsibilities. A detailed Q and A is available at annex B. This document should be considered in conjunction with relevant guidance on FGM and safeguarding, including Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate, and the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. While the duty is limited to the specified professionals described above, non-regulated practitioners also have a responsibility to take appropriate safeguarding action in relation to any identified or suspected case of FGM, in line with wider safeguarding frameworks. More information is available in Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate. The duty applies in England and Wales only. 4 Section 5B(11) of the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 defines a Òsocial care workerÓ as a person registered in a register maintained by the Care Council for Wales under section 56 of the Care Standards Act 2000. 2. Making a report 2.1 When a report must be made The FGM mandatory reporting duty is a legal duty provided for in the FGM Act 2003 (as amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015). The legislation requires regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales to make a report to the police where, in the course of their professional duties, they either: • are informed by a girl under 18 that an act of FGM has been carried out on her; or • observe physical signs which appear to show that an act of FGM has been carried out on a girl under 18 and they have no reason to believe that the act was necessary for the girlÕs physical or mental health or for purposes connected with labour or birth (see section 2.1a for further information). For the purposes of the duty, the relevant age is the girlÕs age at the time of the disclosure/identification of FGM (i.e. it does not apply where a woman aged 18 or over discloses she had FGM when she was under 18). Complying with the duty does not breach any confidentiality requirement or other restriction on disclosure which might otherwise apply. The duty is a personal duty which requires the individual