are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Power to modify functions and structure of PITO F536. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Metropolitan Police Authority housing In section 4(e) of the Housing Act 1985 (c. 68) (which defines local authorities for the purposes of the provisions of that Act, including those relating to secure tenancies), the words “the Metropolitan Police Authority” shall be omitted. In paragraph 12(2)(g) of Schedule 1 to the Housing Act 1988 (c. 50) (local authority tenancies that cannot be assured tenancies), the words “and the Metropolitan Police Authority” shall be omitted. Nothing in subsection (1) or in any repeal made by this Act for the purposes of that subsection shall affect— the operation of Part 5 of the Housing Act 1985 (c. 68) (the right to buy) in relation to any case in which a person who had acquired a right to buy under that Part before the day on which this Act is passed either— had served a notice under section 122 of that Act (tenant’s notice claiming right to buy) on the Metropolitan Police Authority before that day; or serves such a notice on that Authority in the period of three months beginning with that day; or the extent to which, in any other case, any period falling before the day on which this Act is passed falls at any subsequent time to be treated as a period qualifying under any of the provisions of Schedule 4 to that Act. A tenancy which becomes an assured tenancy by virtue of this section shall be an assured shorthold tenancy unless (whenever it was entered into) it— falls within any of paragraphs 1 to 3 of Schedule 2A to the Housing Act 1988 (c. 50); or was an assured tenancy, but not an assured shorthold tenancy, immediately before it became a secure tenancy. Provision of goods and services by police authorities For section 18 of the 1996 Act (supply of goods and services) there shall be substituted— “18 Supply of goods and services Subsections (1) to (3) of section 1 of the Local Authorities (Goods and Services) Act 1970 (c. 39) (supply of goods and services by local authorities)— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of