improve citizen awareness.29 Highlights Despite the Police Order of 2002, reform efforts in Pakistan's police force have been hindered by poor implementation. A legacy of colonial practices, combined with modern security challenges, has fueled corruption, abuse, and violence, leading to deep mistrust and fear among the public. Overhauling training and recruitment standards that emphasize community service, professionalism, and advanced investigative skills would start building a new culture around policing with each successive cohort of junior officers. Civilian Oversight Bodies (COBs) would allow the civilian population to express grievances and file official complaints. These reports would be investigated by civilians independent of the police force and would act as an investigative body to determine fault and enforce punishments. A national database would create a transparent avenue for the public to review the performance of their local police force and hold police and political leaders accountable for hiring or retaining poor-performing officers. Implementation The focus must start at the recruitment and training stage to shift police culture. Recruitment efforts, developed at the provincial level leadership, should highlight civilian protection, professionalism, and high standards while downplaying crime-fighting and counterterrorism.30 Expanding job marketing can also attract a broader range of quality candidates and improve selectivity. Police training centers should reformulate training standards to reduce stress and address key issues of “thana culture.” For example, de-escalation techniques would help officers avoid unnecessary violence, while community engagement training would foster professionalism and strengthen trust between police and communities. Both strategies should emphasize the importance of effective policing and community relations.31 Police training programs should give junior officers opportunities to develop investigative skills, reducing the reliance on higher-ranking officers to implement modern policing practices from the top down.32 Efforts should also be made to expand training partnerships with foreign police forces, such as the NYPD and Karachi Police, and broaden their scope to community policing.33 Additionally, officers should be encouraged to apply for international programs like the UK’s Chevening Scholarship, which offers valuable opportunities for officers to pursue advanced studies in forensic investigation, policing, or criminology.34 These efforts,, alongside creating new exchange initiatives, can help cultivate a cohort of professionally educated officers. Strong enforcement mechanisms will hold police officers accountable and reinforce the culture shift. Civilian oversight boards (COBs) at the tehsil, or county, level should have independent review powers, full- time staff, investigative access, and the authority to issue punishments. To ensure impartiality and avoid the perception of bias or corruption, COB members should be elected locally and prohibited from having close family ties to law enforcement or political parties. Investigative and sanctioning authority is essential for accurate case reviews and appropriate punishments. To prevent challenges to COB authority, police leadership should face administrative or criminal consequences for failing to comply with COB decisions and respect their investigative authority. Additionally, COB positions should offer competitive wages relative to local income to reduce the risk of bribery.35 Lastly, the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) should create a database that tracks all police officers and members of the Civil