ownership. A signed statement of intent by the owner to the local police firearms licensing department should be sufficient to effect the necessary change of status when required. A variation fee would become payable where an ÔantiqueÕ is brought onto certificate to allow it to be fired, unless a Ôone for oneÕ variation is sought. In the latter case, it should be borne in mind that mostly only mass-produced muzzle-loading arms had standardised bore sizes. Therefore, a variation for a craft-made muzzle-loader may require finding a suitable example before the calibre can be ascertained. As this may take some time, some latitude may be given over the time taken for such Ôone for oneÕ variations. 61 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Air weapons 8.16 In England and Wales, air weapons that are not Ôspecially dangerousÕ as defined in the Firearms (Dangerous Air Weapons) Rules 1969, are not subject to certificate control. However, section 3 of the 1968 Act requires anyone who sells or transfers such air weapons by way of trade or business to register with the police as a firearms dealer. Old air weapons that meet the definition of an antique firearm are exempt from control and therefore it is not necessary to register as a dealer in order to sell or transfer such weapons. Appendix 5 contains guidance on the most common types of air weapon manufactured before 1939. 8.17 As set out in section 58(2E) of the 1968 Act, the definition of antique firearm does not apply to air weapons in Scotland, where responsibility for air weapons is devolved to the Scottish Government. Provisions of the 1968 Act which apply to antique firearms 8.18 The following provisions of the 1968 Act apply to firearms which are otherwise exempt as antiques: section 19 Ð offence of carrying a firearm in a public place without lawful authority or reasonable excuse; section 20 Ð offence of trespassing with a firearm; section 21 Ð persons prohibited from possessing firearms; Schedule 3 Ð jurisdiction and procedure on application for removal of prohibition under section 21; and any other provision of the 1968 Act, so far as it applies to an offence under sections 19, 20 and 21. 62 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 9: Historic handguns 9.1 Section 5 of the 1968 Act prohibits any firearm which either has a barrel less than 30cm in length or is less than 60cm in length overall. Prohibited weapons can only be possessed with the authority of the Secretary of State. However, section 7 of the 1997 Act provides an exemption for ownership of certain classes of historic handguns by private individuals providing certain conditions are met. 9.2 This chapter provides guidance on how section 7 might be applied in practice. Decisions about whether the terms of section 7 have been met and the discretion to grant or refuse a firearm certificate rests with chief officers of police, as set out in the 1968 Act. The interpretation of the law remains a matter for