and guidance has been implemented to provide structure and clarity in the use of social media and internet messaging forums by officers, staff and volunteers of Wiltshire Police. Social media and internet messaging services are constantly evolving. For the purposes of this policy Social Media and internet messaging refers to the means of interactions among people in which they create, share, and/or exchange information and ideas in virtual communities and on networks and internet messaging services. This includes, but is not limited to; Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Snapchat, Periscope, LinkedIn, blogs WhatsApp and Line and will apply to any new social media internet messaging services that may be developed. Reference to social media and social networking in this policy should be taken to include internet messaging services and any internet based communication channels. Wiltshire Police Social Media Accounts: Effective communication can have a significant impact on the achievement of operational or corporate objectives, in particular community engagement. It has a direct impact on our reputation as a Force and our relationships with staff, stakeholders, customers and the public. Before using a Wiltshire Police social media account for communication purposes, the employee should ensure that it is the most appropriate channel for the message/dialogue. If in doubt, please contact the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department (CCE). Using social media is a very positive tool, however, it can potentially create a number of risks to both the users and the wider reputation of the organisation. For this reason only Wiltshire Police authorised social media accounts set up by the CCE will be used for the sharing/communication of Wiltshire Police Information. A list of the current approved social media platforms can be obtained from the CCE. Personal social media accounts MUST not be used for the sharing/communication of Wiltshire Police Information. Preserving the confidentiality of personal and operational information is critical to all online engagement. Breaching security or disclosing official, personal or operational information without authorisation is considered a serious disciplinary offence and may be a breach of the Data Protection Act 2018 and/or Official Secrets Act 1989. Wiltshire Police has imposed the following rules and responsibilities for anyone using a Wiltshire Police social media account: • All new accounts must be authorised by the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department and set up in line with guidelines • The Corporate Communications and Engagement Department reserves the right to deny an application for a Wiltshire Police social media account or access to an existing one and carries the final decision over whether an application is accepted • Force Facebook pages must be administered only through a dedicated account set up for this purpose and not by officerÕs or staff members personal Facebook accounts • Accounts set up specifically to administer a Wiltshire Police Facebook page must not be used for any other reason. • Wiltshire Police Facebook users must only post on the Facebook page they are an editor for and must not accept or make friend requests to other Facebook users. • Wiltshire