it be dealt with via an alternative allocation/disposal method. What are the callerÕs expectations/availability, what avenues are available to best meet them? * A scheduled incident may include any of the above priority incidents. THRIVE will be used to determine whether a response within 8 hours is appropriate and the THRIVE rational will be recorded and will reflect that: • Threat, Harm and Risk has been assessed and does not require a prompt (immediate/priority) attendance to mitigate or reduce it • Investigation has no Golden HourÕ principles to be followed with no loss of evidence • Caller/victim is not a vulnerable person or repeat victim who requires prompt attendance • There are no engagement opportunities that would require a prompt attendance No deployment necessary • A low-level crime is reported that does not require Incident Control to dispatch a police resource and can be allocated as per the Crime Allocations Policy • The incident has been referred to another agency or police force • The call to the police was inappropriate and telephone words of advice have been given A guide to dealing with social media related incidents can be found at Appendix 4. Grading and Deployment Decisions All grading and deployment decisions should be assessed using the National Decision-Making Model (Appendix 1) incorporating the THRIVE+ principles (Appendix 2). Grading decisions will be based on the threat, harm, risk, investigative opportunities, any vulnerability a call handler identifies and to reasonably meet the expectations of the caller. By applying these principles call handlers will be able to determine: • If the deployment of resources is necessary and proportionate • If deployment is deemed necessary, what priority grading is appropriate • If deployment is not necessary, what other means of recording/investigation is required, if any Deployments are typically necessary in order to: • Eliminate threats to the public • Ensure vulnerable people are protected and safeguarded • Manage and reduce the risk of harm to the public • Identify and secure evidence • Detect crime • Maximise opportunities to increase community confidence • Repeat victims Repeat victimisation can be a factor that indicates someone may be vulnerable. Wiltshire Police needs to identify repeat victims as early as possible. Doing so should support the identification of patterns of abuse and the associated vulnerability. This is particularly important in cases where a single incident may not appear to be serious, but where previous reports show a pattern of behaviour (for example, anti-social behaviour, coercive control or stalking and harassment). Although an individual report may well be the only time that police have been contacted it may not be the only offence/ASB incident that has been committed against the individual, their family or organisation. Should a repeat victim be identified this must be annotated on the log or NICHE occurrence. Prevention and Intervention Initial contact between victims and witnesses with the police service should be regarded as the start of the investigative process. The call is an opportunity to obtain accurate and relevant information, collect