irrespective of the location of a fire. Approved Document B (ADB)24 Guidance issued by Government in support of the fire safety aspects of the building regulations. As low as reasonably practicable Is a concept where risks should continue to be reduced until you reach a point where the cost and effort to reduce the risk further would be grossly disproportionate to the benefit achieved. Automatic fire detection system A means of automatically detecting the products of a fire and sending a signal to a fire warning system. See ÔFire warningÕ. Basement A storey with a floor which at some point is more than 1,200mm below the highest level of ground adjacent to the outside walls, unless, and for escape purposes only, such area has adequate, independent and separate means of escape. Child Anyone who is not over compulsory school age, i.e. before or just after their 16th birthday. Class 0, 1 or 3 surface spread of flame Classes of surface spread of flame for materials needed to line the walls and ceilings of escape routes. See Appendix B for further information. Combustible material A substance that can be burned. Compartment wall and/or floor A fire-resisting wall or floor that separates one fire compartment from another. 128 Term Definition Competent person A person with enough training and experience or knowledge and other qualities to enable them properly to assist in undertaking the preventive and protective measures. Dangerous substance 1. A substance which because of its physico-chemical or chemical properties and the way it is used or is present at the workplace creates a risk. 2. A substance subject to the Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmosphere Regulations 2002 (DSEAR). Dead end Area from which escape is possible in one direction only. Direct distance The shortest distance from any point within the floor area to the nearest storey exit, or fire-resisting route, ignoring walls, partitions and fixings. Domestic premises Premises occupied as a private dwelling, excluding those areas used in common by the occupants of more than one such dwelling. Emergency escape lighting Lighting provided to illuminate escape routes that will function if the normal lighting fails. Enforcing authority The fire and rescue authority or any other authority specified in Article 25 of the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 20051. Escape route Route forming that part of the means of escape from any point in the premises to a final exit. Evacuation lift A lift that may be used for the evacuation of people with disabilities, or others, in a fire. External escape stair Stair providing an escape route, external to the building. Fail-safe Locking an output device with the application of power and having the device unlock when the power is removed. Also known as fail unlock, reverse action or power locked. False alarm A fire signal, usually from a fire warning system, resulting from a cause other than fire. Final exit An exit from a building where people can continue to disperse in safety and where they are no longer at