(3) of section 63E there is substitutedÑ Ò(1) In any case where the court has power to make a forced marriage protection order, the court may accept an undertaking from the respondent instead of making the order. (2) But a court may not accept an undertaking under subsection (1) if it appears to the courtÑ (a) that the respondent has used or threatened violence against the person to be protected, and (b) that, for the person's protection, it is necessary to make a forced marriage protection order so that any breach of it by the respondent may be punishable under section 63CA.Ó (4) In section 63J(2), for Òthe orderÓ there is substituted Ò a forced marriage protection order Ó. (5) The following are repealedÑ (a) section 63G(6) and (7); (b) section 63H; (c) section 63I; (d) section 63J(1); (e) in section 63K(1) the words Òunder section 63I(3) orÓ; (f) section 63L(4)(a). (a) 100 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 10 Ð Forced marriage CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) This section applies only in relation to conduct occurring on or after the day on which it comes into force. (7) In relation to an offence committed before [F602 May 2022], the reference to 12 months in section 63CA(5)(b) of the Family Law Act 1996 (inserted by subsection (2) above) is to be read as a reference to six months. 121 Offence of forced marriage: England and Wales (1) A person commits an offence under the law of England and Wales if he or sheÑ (a) uses violence, threats or any other form of coercion for the purpose of causing another person to enter into a marriage, and (b) believes, or ought reasonably to believe, that the conduct may cause the other person to enter into the marriage without free and full consent. (2) In relation to a victim who lacks capacity to consent to marriage, the offence under subsection (1) is capable of being committed by any conduct carried out for the purpose of causing the victim to enter into a marriage (whether or not the conduct amounts to violence, threats or any other form coercion). (3) A person commits an offence under the law of England and Wales if he or sheÑ (a) practises any form of deception with the intention of causing another person to leave the United Kingdom, and (b) intends the other person to be subjected to conduct outside the United Kingdom that is an offence under