or contain glass panel(s). Glass panels and windows should be protected by internal security grilles as specified in Annex A or by ornamental iron grilles of bar or rod, not less than 10mm diameter or 8mm x 12mm cross section. 4.5 The use of grilles or bars may not be required where the premises are fitted with security glazing to comply with EN 356:2000 or the most up to date standard, and installed to BS 5357 2007 or the most up to date standard. 4.6 Dependent upon the risk, grilles and bars may be either permanently fixed or removable when the premises are open. 4.7 Security shutters to LPS1175 SR 3 or equivalent, may be substituted, as applicable. 4.8 Rifles and shotguns on display should be locked in racks either by: a) security cable, or b) welded link heavy duty chain, or c) steel rod or bar not less than 10mm diameter. The above to be secured by either padlocks or other fixed locking system. 4.9 Wall mounted or built in glazed display cases within a dealers premises should be: a) locked to prevent access without supervision; b) if fitted with ordinary glazing, have retaining devices for the firearms contained to frustrate smash and grab style attacks. a) 4.10 Section 5 small firearms when stored, must be kept in a locked cabinet or safe to an equivalent to BS7558 (1992). 4.11 Any display case for section 5 small firearms must provide security equal to BS7558 and the glazing should be to EN 356:2000 or the most up to date version. 4.12 Storage for firearms not on display should be either by: a) Cabinet(s) constructed and fitted to the minimum of BS7558 (1992); or b) Gun room or armoury to the requirements in Annex A, dependent upon the volume of stock within the business, and the level of risk involved. 4.13 Section 1 ammunition must be stored in suitably secure manner as per Part 2 of this manual above. Separate from firearms. This could be provided by a separately secure cabinet or a weldmesh/expanded metal security cage with separate locking, located within an existing protected area. 4.14 Propellants and powders, particularly gunpowder, must be kept in accordance with the requirements for the level of storage registered or licensed for the premises under the provisions of the relevant Explosives Act and Regulations. The Explosives Liaison Officer must be consulted when specifying security for this part of the premises. 4.15 CCTV is expected for shop fronted dealers for both the prevention and detection of crime. In addition to this, there are a range of options that might be considered to identify persons wishing to gain access, such as doors within view of windows, 360 degree door viewers, or an access control system. Dealers Operating from Dwellings 4.16 The arrangements at the dwelling should normally provide for the business to be carried out in a part of the premises which is either wholly or partly set aside for that purpose. 4.17 In order to