for reserved matters and through the Conservation (Natural Habitats) Regulations 1994 (SI 1994/2716) (as amended in Scotland). 13.38 It is an offence under section 9(1) of the 1981 Act to intentionally kill, injure or take any species listed in Schedule 5. Section 9(4) states that the intentional or reckless damage, destruction or obstruction of any structure the animal uses for shelter or protection, or disturbing the animal while it is occupying such a structure, is also an offence. 123 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 13.39 In brief, the exceptions to the offences in relation to birds and animals include: i. humane destruction of sick or injured birds or animals where there is no reasonable chance of recovery and, in England and Wales, where there is no satisfactory alternative. Further guidance on this exception can be sought from DEFRA; ii. taking injured birds or animals for the purpose of rehabilitation iii. where the act was the incidental result of a lawful operation and could not reasonably have been avoided, in circumstances where the person concerned could not reasonably have foreseen that the unlawful act would be an incidental result of carrying out the lawful operation: iv. if it can be shown that action was necessary for the purpose of preventing serious damage to livestock, foodstuffs for livestock, crops, vegetables, fruit, growing timber or any other form of property or to fisheries under the ÔfarmerÕs defenceÕ; or v. under a licence issued by the relevant licensing authority. Taking and killing under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 13.40 Species listed in Schedule 2, Part I of the 1981 Act may be killed or taken outside the close season. 13.41 Species include: • Canada Goose • Coot • Common Snipe • Gadwall • Goldeneye • Golden plover • Greylag Goose • Mallard • Moorhen • Pink-footed Goose • Pintail • Pochard • Shoveler • Teal • Tufted Duck • White-fronted Goose (England and Wales only, except (in England) Greenland White-fronted Goose) • Wigeon • Woodcock Wild ducks and wild geese (inland) may be taken or killed from 1 September to 31 January; and those in or over any area below the high-water mark of ordinary 124 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law spring tides may be taken or killed from 1 September to 20 February. See sections 2(4)(c) and (d) of the 1981 Act. Note: In England and Wales the high-water mark is Òthe area of sea shore which is more often than not covered by the flux and reflux of the four ordinary tides occurring midway between springs and neapsÓ. For Scotland it is Òthe area between high and low water marks of ordinary spring tidesÓ. Prohibited use of lead shot 13.42 You must not use lead shot to shoot: • on or over any area below the high-water mark • within sites of special scientific interest designated for their important wetlands Ð (see Schedule 1 of the 1999 Regulations) • all species of ducks, geese and swans • coot • moorhen •