The Criminal Justice Act 1988 (c. 33). Section 153. Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Document Generated: 2025-01-23 167 24/03/2025 Custody management and planning https://www.college.police.uk/app/detention-and-custody/custody-management-and-planning Page Custody management and planning This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 9 October 2024 Written by College of Policing Detention and custody mins read Legal framework The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) and the associated Codes of Practice set out the legislation and standards for dealing with people who come into contact with the police. PACE Codes C and G set out the expectations and powers placed on the police during and throughout a police investigation. They also set out the rights of any individual suspected of committing a criminal offence. The following areas of PACE and the Codes of Practice are particularly relevant. police use of force lawful arrest searches designation of a police station police resources Learning standards and materials relevant to the work of the custody suite are available from the national policing curriculum (NPC) in many areas, including: custody first aid personal safety mental health Forces are required to pay due regard to: National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) (2022) National Strategy for Police Custody HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) Expectations for Police Custody Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) Learning the lessons bulletins Authorised Professional Practice (APP) There is a separate section for detainees arrested for offences related to terrorism. Principles of safer detention There is a strategic focus, supported by the chief officer group, which promotes the safe and decent delivery of custody. Detention is appropriate, authorised and lasts no longer than is necessary. Forces adhere to all rights relating to PACE and the PACE Codes of Practice. While detainees are in custody, officers and staff treat them in a way that is dignified and takes account of their human rights and diverse individual needs. Custody staff are respectful in their day-to-day working and are aware of and responsive to any particular risks and vulnerabilities. Detainees have access to health and social care services appropriate to their physical and mental health needs. They receive emergency medical care where necessary and are provided with appropriate medication or support according to their needs. Any force used within a custody suite is necessary, proportionate and lawful. All custody officers and staff have undergone appropriate and adequate training. Police, contract and healthcare professionals (HCPs) understand their role and their legal responsibilities, and are operationally competent. All areas of the custody suite are clean and safe. Officers and staff keep custody facilities in a good state of repair and ensure that they are fit for purpose and meet fire safety standards. Officers and staff record and monitor all use of force. Forces must ensure that there are appropriate governance and accountability arrangements in place for contracted and commissioned staff. Information sharing in custody Police forces should make use of existing information sharing statements