roof joists (subject to the previous comments) are acceptable. Walls of brick, concrete or masonry are usually the best bonding materials. It is important that the fixing chosen is correct for that material (for example expanding bolts, chemical anchors, toggle bolts etc). With modern building materials, particularly breeze and thermal block walls, the materials are not particularly suited to normal fixing devices. 18.48 When security devices are being fitted, consideration should be given to varying the method of fixing. For example, in buildings with only partition internal walls and modern insulation block lining or random stone walls, it can be acceptable to fix cabinets horizontally, as long as appropriate fixing devices are used. 18.49 This will also assist when fastening into suspended wooden flooring, as it distributes the load more evenly. In this case, coach screws of at least 3/8" (8 mm) diameter and not less than 2.5" (63 mm) long will normally provide a suitable anchorage. Such fixings must be made into joists and not simply to the floor boarding. 18.50 Another consideration should be the size and weight of the larger form of gun cabinet or commercial safe. Due to their weight or size, fixing may be unnecessary in these cases, but they should be located in such a position that would further frustrate removal. Consideration for certificate holders transporting firearms in vehicles 18.51 When carrying firearms in a vehicle, the following steps are considered to accord with the duty to ensure the safe custody of the items. 18.52 Whenever possible, the vehicle should not be left unattended for long periods. Vehicles containing firearms and left unattended for any length of time should ideally have an immobiliser and/or alarm fitted. For commercial vehicles, such as vans additional locking solutions should be fitted to manufacturerÕs standards. Trackers should be considered by those individuals who regularly move large numbers of guns. 18.53 Where possible, they should be parked in an area that provides natural surveillance 18.54 For preference, the firearms should be stored in the locked boot or other secured load carrying area of the vehicle. They should be out of sight from passers-by. 18.55 In the case of estates, hatchbacks and similar vehicles, the certificate holder should ensure that: 165 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law a) where fitted, the lid or cover of the load carrying area should be in place, or the firearms are covered and concealed to prevent their identification; b) if the vehicle is to be left unattended for any length of time, the firearm and ammunition should not be stored together; c) where the boot or load carrying area is the most practical place, ammunition should be secured in an appropriate container ideally, but not necessarily, secured to the vehicle; d) where it is practical, the bolt, magazine or other operating part should be separated from the firearm and either carried on the person, or kept in a locked container, ideally secured to the vehicle, or concealed elsewhere. 18.56 Where firearms and ammunition are being