function of factors both internal and exter- nal to specific law enforcement agencies (De Angelis, Rosenthal, and Buchner 2016; Ferdik, Rojek, and Alpert 2013). Despite calls for research (National Research Council 2004; Walker 2001), the evidence for civilian oversight of police agencies remains limited (Lum et al. 2016). The extreme variability across civilian review boards has proven a difficult hurdle in the examination of the prevalence, effects, and best models for over- sight. Additionally, the question remains of how best to measure the effectiveness of civilian oversight within law enforcement agencies (De Angelis, Rosenthal, and Buchner 2016), although available research studies typically opt to examine rates of sustained complaints. Collectively, this research provides mixed findings regarding the sustained rates of citizen complaints when civilian oversight is pre- sent, with some noting fewer sustained complaints in agencies with some form of civilian oversight (Hickman 2006), while others observe higher rates of sustained complaints when oversight is present (Terrill and Ingram 2015). In the immediate weeks following the officer-involved shooting in Cincinnati, the uC executive team established the Community Advisory Council (CAC) to provide community input and guidance regarding reform efforts of the uCPD. Modeled after the Cincinnati City Manager’s Advisory group (MAg), which has been identified as a model for a successful citizen oversight organization (Eck and Rothman 2006; Wasserman 2014), the CAC became a primary mechanism for community input and collaboration. Representatives include uC students, faculty, staff, and alumni; neighborhood community groups; city civic, faith, and business leaders; and law enforcement officials. The varied membership of the CAC was designed to reflect the diverse makeup of the larger Cincinnati com- munity and to promote diversity of thought, ideas, and information exchange. Although the effectiveness of this council was not quantitatively evaluated, quali- tative assessments suggest a profound enhancement of police community rela- tions. The CAC (renamed the Community Compliance Council) is now beginning a new phase of work, including review of the processes followed for all com- plaints against uCPD officers and use-of-force incidents. Discussion In response to the recent national crisis in police-community relations sparked by controversial police-involved shootings, police executives in the united States are 160 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy routinely encouraged (and in some cases, mandated) to implement reforms, including deploying BWCs, de-escalation training, implicit bias training, early intervention systems, and civilian oversight. Similar to other recent reviews (e.g., Lum et al. 2016), our examination of the available policing research exposes vast gaps in the collective knowledge regarding the effectiveness of reforms most commonly recommended to reduce officer use of force. As police executives seek to answer calls for reform while meeting expectations of evidence-based practice, there is limited scientific research to support them. yet the pressure is intensify- ing for police executives to rapidly implement changes designed to reduce use- of-force incidents, as the public is eager to move “beyond what is legal and start focusing on what is preventable” (Kindy 2015). These recommended reforms, however, likely do more in the way of “damage