statutory agencies working together can help to protect adults and children from further harm, as well as preventing escalation and recurrence of abuse. Public agencies should invest in awareness raising, specialist training and systems change within their services to ensure that victims receive effective and safe responses and that information about their services reach the range of different communities and protected groups in their areas. Where a criminal offence is being investigated, victims of domestic abuse will be treated as victims of crime under the Victims’ Code in England and Wales. The Victims’ Code sets out the services, and the standard for these services, that must be provided 140 SafeLives. Getting it right first time: 2015. 141 See the Different experiences, needs and related considerations section for further information. 142 See the Impact on children section. 143 ONS. Partner abuse in detail – Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2018: Table 4.12. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance to victims of crime by relevant organisations. The rights extend to a parent or guardian of the victim if the victim is under 18 years of age, or a nominated family spokesperson if the victim has a mental impairment or has communication needs including where this has arisen as a result of the offence. Which rights apply is circumstance dependent (such as reporting to the police or identifying a suspect who is subsequently charged) however all victims are entitled ‘to be able to understand and to be understood’, ‘to be referred to services that support victims and have services and support tailored to their needs’ and ‘to make a complaint about their rights not being met’. Further information can be found in the Victims’ Code published by the Ministry of Justice. Government intends to place the key principles of the Victims’ Code into law in the Victims Bill. Annex A presents a non-exhaustive list of agencies that victims of domestic abuse and their families may come into contact with. The information sections below are to assist those organisations exercising public protection duties and frontline professionals so they can identify all the victims of the abuse, including children and young people, and ensure that they receive support and protection tailored to their particular needs. It is essential that agencies identify and respond to all forms of abuse and all victims. Given the complex nature of domestic abuse, a multi-agency response is critical to identifying victims and their families at an early stage and before abuse reaches a crisis point. This is in addition to understanding the necessary precautions and response for crisis and risk management including cohesive understandings of safeguarding needs by all relevant professionals. For details see ‘Chapter 7 – Multi- Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. Risk assessment Professionals who are trained to do so can use tools such as the Domestic Abuse, Stalking and Harassment (DASH) risk assessment to help identify the level of risk an individual is facing and to tailor their support accordingly.144