Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 29 Power to require attendance and information (1) A police and crime panel may require the relevant police and crime commissioner, and members of that commissioner's staff, to attend before the panel (at reasonable notice) to answer any question which appears to the panel to be necessary in order for it to carry out its functions. (2) Nothing in subsection (1) requires a member of the police and crime commissioner's staff to give any evidence, or produce any document, which discloses advice given to the commissioner by that person. (3) A police and crime panel may require the relevant police and crime commissioner to respond in writing (within a reasonable period determined by the panel) to any report or recommendation made by the panel to the commissioner. (4) The police and crime commissioner must comply with any requirement imposed by the panel under subsection (1) or (3). (5) Members of the staff of the police and crime commissioner must comply with any requirement imposed on them under subsection (1). (6) If a police and crime panel requires the relevant police and crime commissioner to attend before the panel, the panel may (at reasonable notice) request the relevant chief constable to attend before the panel on the same occasion to answer any question which appears to the panel to be necessary in order for it to carry out its functions. 30 Suspension of police and crime commissioner (1) A police and crime panel may suspend the relevant police and crime commissioner if it appears to the panel thatÑ (a) the commissioner has been charged in the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man with an offence, and (b) the offence is one which carries a maximum term of imprisonment exceeding two years. (a) 32 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 4 Ð Accountability of elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) The suspension of the police and crime commissioner ceases to have effect upon the occurrence of the earliest of these eventsÑ (a) the charge being dropped; (b) the police and crime commissioner being acquitted of the offence; (c) the police and crime commissioner being convicted of the offence but not being disqualified under section 66 by virtue of the conviction; (d) the termination of the suspension by the police and crime panel. (3) For the purposes of salary, pensions and allowances in respect of times during a period of suspension, the police and crime commissioner is to be treated as not holding that office during that suspension. (4) In this section references to an offence which carries a maximum term of imprisonment exceeding two years are referencesÑ (a)