the zone should consider the terrain and the nature of the incident. Where the deceased persons or human remains are concentrated, the width of the search channel should be reduced. Each channel should have a start and stop position clearly identified. Both edges of the channel should be marked by orange tape. When deceased persons or human remains (including suspected human remains) are located, the team leader should consider asking a doctor or another expert to examine the person or remains. A member of the victim recovery team may then conduct an initial visual check of the deceased. The teamÕs documentation officer or team leader commences the audit trail on the disaster victim recovery form. They should use the approved label with the unique reference number and barcode. This is recorded alongside the deceased or human remains while they are still in situ. Any personal property on or near the deceased or human remains is also recorded in situ to provide context of the find. Where an incident is confined to a limited area, the victim recovery team may be deployed in two pairs or work as a team of four. When working in a pair, one member can undertake the search and recovery while the other acts as a monitor to ensure the health and safety of the officer conducting the retrieval. The team leader may rotate pairs or larger teams in difficult situations or deploy them together as appropriate to the Maritime incidents Retrieving the deceased from the sea can be a challenging and complicated process and will involve the Maritime and Coastguard Agency. Very careful consideration needs to be given before police DVI teams are deployed in any maritime recovery. In the event of a mass fatality incident occurring at sea, the police should send a liaison officer to the Maritime Rescue Coordination Centre, which is in command and control of the offshore element of the response to the incident. The liaison officer should identify locations where the deceased and human remains will be brought ashore. These may include ports, harbours, slipways and airports or helicopter landing sites. Wherever possible, the number of these landing locations should be kept to a minimum. Ideally, a single landing site should be used so that documentation can be completed in line with the DVI process. The documentation should be completed by the police victim recovery team at the designated VHAA. To ensure continuity, national documentation should be used to record details. Police victim recovery teams should be sent to the designated landing location(s) to establish a VHAA. The victim recovery team should assume responsibility for deceased persons and human remains. The VHAA should be located close to a landing site where possible. The vessels undertaking the recovery operations should be instructed to identify, wherever possible, the coordinates of where the deceased person or human remains were recovered. The vessel should land the deceased and human remains at the designated landing location(s). Road traffic collisions Retrieving the deceased from the scene