in the LRF on their behalf; o is aware of the proceedings of the LRF chief officer group, its general working group, sub-groups and task and finish groups and is ready to take forward to the LRF issues raised by local members inside and outside these groups; 56 o is able to explain current structures, policies, priorities and events in the area of civil protection affecting its sector; and o ensures that the other local members of its class which it represents are kept fully informed of issues discussed at the LRF and are invited to submit their comments or attend particular LRF meetings as appropriate. Role of Category 2 responders in co-operation 2.70. Category 2 organisations are brought under the Act because local resilience can only be achieved if their emergency and business continuity plans under their own legislation reflect an understanding of, and integrate with, the plans of Category 1 responders. Category 2 planning may be regional or even national in its scope - these plans nonetheless must still acknowledge the interface with local responders in local level response arrangements and cater to their needs. Category 2 organisations also must co-operate with each other where that will help a Category 1 responder fulfil its duties.57 56 regulation 4(10) 57 regulation 4(3) PAGE 35 2.71. Category 2 responders are expected to help Category 1 responders in all aspects of the duty 5,8 but not to the extent that the demands of the Category 1 responder effectively place a Category 1 responsibility on them Òby the back doorÓ. Accordingly, Category 1 responders are expected to manage their requests for co-operation addressed to Category 2 responders Ð when, for example, requesting attendance at meetings of the LRF or seeking information for business continuity plans Ð in ways which are realistic and fair. At the same time, the Category 1 responders should not be expected to compromise their objectives. 2.72. In order to address the various problems identified for Category 2 responders of meeting the demands made on them, a combination of measures should be implemented in each local resilience area: o to set the expectations of Category 1 responders at a level which is realistic and fair; o to manage Category 1 expectations and requests in the most efficient way; and o to address the obligations on Category 2 responders in ways which recognise the reasonable needs of Category 1 responders under the Act. 2.73. Annex A aims to identify the reasonable expectations which Category 1 responders will have of Category 2 responders. The major areas where co-operation, including information sharing,59 is likely to be sought are identified as follows: o compilation of the community risk register (meetings and information sharing); 58 regulation 4(2), 4(3) 59 regulation 4(4). Co-operation can take many forms. In this list, two only (meetings and information sharing) are identified because they are considered to be the most time-consuming for Category 2 responders. For a fuller description of co-operation, see paragraph 10 above. PAGE 36 o identifying