defaulter, amend the order by substituting a new period for the period specified in the order under this paragraph. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 177 Sub-paragraph (3) applies in relation to the variation of an electronic monitoring requirement under sub-paragraph (7) as it applies in relation to the inclusion of such a requirement. “Responsible officer” (1) For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, the “ responsible officer ”, in relation to a supervision order, means— in a case where the order imposes a curfew requirement and an electronic monitoring requirement, but does not impose an activity or supervision requirement, the person who under paragraph 6(4) is responsible for the electronic monitoring; in any other case, the member of the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order who, as respects the defaulter, is for the time being responsible for discharging the functions conferred by this Schedule on the responsible officer. Where a supervision order has been made, it is the duty of the responsible officer— to make any arrangements that are necessary in connection with the requirements contained in the order, and to promote the defaulter's compliance with those requirements. In giving instructions in pursuance of a supervision order, the responsible officer must ensure, so far as practicable, that any instruction is such as to avoid the matters referred to in paragraph 2(4). A defaulter in respect of whom a supervision order is made must— keep in touch with the responsible officer in accordance with such instructions as the responsible officer may from time to time give to the defaulter, and notify the responsible officer of any change of address. The obligations imposed by sub-paragraph (4) have effect as a requirement of the supervision order. Amendment of operative period (1) [F80A youth] court may, on the application of the injunction applicant or the defaulter, amend a supervision order by substituting a new period for that for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5) (subject to paragraph 2(6)). (2) [F81A youth court may,] on amending a supervision order pursuant to sub- paragraph (1), make such other amendments to the order in relation to any requirement imposed by the order as the court considers appropriate. 178 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: