Head of Department is responsible for updating the ACC on the creation of a new policy. Category 3: Non-operational - must be approved by the relevant Chief Officer Group Lead for the business area creating the policy or a representative body (e.g. the Health and Safety Committee). The Head of Department is responsible for updating the relevant Chief Officer Group Lead on the creation of a new policy. If there is any question concerning the effectiveness of any new or amended policy or procedure (whatever category) then that policy or procedure will be submitted to the Chief Officer Group for final approval. Advice on the correct category and approval route can be obtained from the Force Policy Officer or Continuous Improvement Team. Appendix B: Reviewing a Policy or Procedure. The review of your policy or procedure must address the following: Is the policy or procedure still required? i.e. the reason the policy was adopted no longer exists, the policy was adopted to aid the introduction of new legislation or a new process and that legislation or process is now fully incorporated. Is the policy or procedure achieving its objectives? Is the policy or procedure still consistent with: - the assumptions and objectives that led to the adoption of the policy or procedure best practice the Forces Delivery Plan the Police and Crime Plan Authorised Professional Practice national codes of practice or guidance legislation or case law Has the policy or procedure had any unintended consequences? i.e. hindering operations, processes or tasks - such as the ability of an officer or staff member to do their jobs efficiently. Is the policy or procedure being applied or used effectively? i.e. do the people expected to use the policy or procedure do so. If not, is this because the policy or procedure is not right or is it because the application of the policy or procedure needs to be changed (better communication, training etc.). Have there been any constraints on implementing the policy or procedure at lower organisational levels? have the people expected to use the policy or procedure been able to do so. If not why not (ICT issues, lack of training etc.). Does the policy or procedure interfere with or replicate any other policy or procedure? Do any related policies or procedures need to be revised or withdrawn because of your policy or procedure or any changes you are making? Can the procedure you are reviewing be done in a better more efficient way? In order for policies and procedures to be fully effective it is important that they are evidence-based. When considering the above you must also consider what evidence can be used to show that the policy or procedure is the right one for the Force. You should consider the evidence available from both internal and external sources. You should consider stakeholder and user feedback, any indications from survey results (e.g. the staff survey) and relevant corporate and local performance monitoring data. Once you have collated the evidence you