months and again at the end of the 12 months. If you do not apply for full certification, you will no longer be able to use the certification mark. However, in exceptional cases (such as waiting for funding approval etc.) you may be able to reapply for the desk top certification, subject to the discretion of the Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner. Step 2: Full certification Full certification is aimed at those organisations that are close to or fully compliant with the Code. This certification will be valid for five years, subject to an annual review of your system. As stated above, you will need to complete and submit the Self-Assessment Tool and have the relevant documents available for assessment. The certification body will then contact you to arrange a date for a full audit of your system. The full certification process involves an auditor from one of the above- mentioned organisations visiting your organisationÕs control room to audit the system, cameras and procedures working with a check list against the 12 guiding principles in the Code. So long as you do not have any serious non- compliance issues the auditor will produce a report for the Commissioner recommending full certification. In some cases, you may be asked to make changes or put measures in place to address certain issues before you achieve certification. If you are recommended for certification, you will be issued with a certificate of compliance from the Commissioner and will be entitled to use the CommissionerÕs certification mark throughout the five-year period subject to your annual review. Annual review The Code requires you to complete an annual review. You will need to document this review and submit it to the certification body for a desktop review to ensure that you are still Code compliant. (This will be subject to the same conditions as the Step 1 process). If the certification body identifies any non-compliance issues you will have six weeks to take the appropriate steps to resolve any non-compliance notices that may have been issued. The Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner reserves the right to revoke an organisationsÕ certification, for serious breaches or consistent non- compliance. Towards the end of the five years you will need to re-apply for full certification. Books and journals Case studies Expert Briefings Open Access Publish with us Advanced search To read this content please select one of the options below: Purchase options Rent this content from DeepDyve Rent from DeepDyve Other access You may be able to access this content by logging in via your Emerald profile. Login If you think you should have access to this content, click to contact our support team. Contact us To protect and serve: a review of initiatives to support of police officers to better meet the needs of older adult Kristina Marie Kokorelias (the Department of Occupational Sciences and Occupational Therapy, Temerty Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada; Rehabilitation Sciences Institute, Temerty Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada; Section