of wide-ranging reforms. 52. The consultation closed on 13 October 2016 and we received 768 responses. In addition, we held a roundtable meeting chaired by the then Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Vulnerability, Safeguarding and Countering Extremism, Sarah Newton MP. The event was held in Rotherham and was attended by victim and survivor groups and key voluntary organisations. We are grateful to everyone who took the time to respond to the consultation and to provide their views on these critical issues. 53. The majority of responses (609) were received via an online survey, with 97 survey responses received offline and another 62 submissions coming via email or post. Responses were received from a wide range of sources, representing different interests and perspectives. This included responses from organisations representing practitioners and others in the local government, education, early years and healthcare sectors, as well as responses from the police, childrenÕs charities, survivorsÕ groups and members of the public. A list of organisations which responded can be found at Annex B. Summary of responses and main findings 54. The headline question in the consultation asked which of the following three options was most preferable: • allowing the package of reform measures focused on improving how the whole system responds to child abuse and neglect to be implemented before considering the introduction of additional statutory measures; • the introduction of a duty to act, focused on taking appropriate action in relation to child abuse and neglect, with sanctions for deliberate and reckless failures; or • the introduction of a mandatory reporting duty focused on increasing the reporting of child abuse and neglect. 55. The majority of respondents to the consultation (63%) were in favour of allowing the GovernmentÕs existing programme of reforms time to be implemented. Only a quarter of respondents (25%) favoured introducing a duty to act, with less than half of that number (12%) favouring the introduction of mandatory reporting. 56. The consultation asked for feedback on the key issues within the current child protection system. The areas where respondents thought that improvement was most needed was in better joint working between different local agencies (93%), further work to encourage new and innovative practice (85%) and better training for practitioners (81%). 57. The majority of respondents (51%) agreed that a duty to act would have an adverse impact on the child protection system (e.g. impacting recruitment and retention of staff, and negatively impacting the serious case review process). A quarter of respondents (25%) were attracted to the idea of the duty to act. Two-thirds of respondents (67%) agreed that a duty to act would strengthen accountability in the system. Over half of respondents (57%) agreed that it would be more likely to improve outcomes for children than a duty focused solely on reporting. A 12 number of respondents suggested that further consultation would be required should such a duty be developed in future. 58. Respondents were more concerned about the potential negative impact of introducing a mandatory reporting regime. Over