appeal against the making of an order under that section which was made on the application of a chief officer of police or the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; (c) a chief officer of police within subsection (2) of that section may appeal against the making of an order under that section which was made on the application of the offender; (d) where the offence on the basis of which the serious violence reduction order was made is an offence to which this paragraph applies, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force may appeal against the making of an order under that section which was made on the application of the offender. (3) Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) applies to an offence whichÑ (a) was committed at, or in relation to, a place within section 31(1)(a) to (f) of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003 (jurisdiction of British Transport Police Force), or (b) otherwise related to a railway within the meaning given by section 67 of the Transport and Works Act 1992 or a tramway within the meaning given by that section. (4) An appeal under subsection (2)Ñ (a) is to be made to the Court of Appeal if the application under section 342H was made to the Crown Court; (b) is to be made to the Crown Court in any other case. (5) On an appeal under subsection (2) to the Crown Court, the court may makeÑ (a) such orders as may be necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal, and (b) such incidental and consequential orders as appear to it to be appropriate. 342J Guidance (1) The Secretary of State may issue guidance toÑ (a) constables, (b) chief officers of police, and (c) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force, in relation to serious violence reduction orders. (2) The guidance may in particular includeÑ (1) 188 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) guidance about the exercise by constables, chief officers of police and the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force of their functions under this Chapter, (b) guidance about identifying offenders in respect of whom it may be appropriate for applications for serious violence reduction orders to be made, and (c) guidance about providing assistance to prosecutors in connection with applications for serious violence reduction orders. (3) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (4)