to be in the public interest You must consider any information provided when deciding whether or not to start criminal proceedings against the person if the FPN goes unpaid. 6. Awareness raising You should not view your enforcement regime in isolation. As well as taking enforcement action for breaches of the household waste duty of care, you should also aim to reduce breaches through clear, well-designed communications that inform the public of their duty of care and the consequences of breaching it. Raising awareness of successful enforcement action can also help deter others from committing o?ences. You should communicate to the community your reasons for using the FPN and make it clear that enforcement is about preventing waste crime and protecting the environment. A Defra funded research project testing behavioural insights was used to develop communication materials for the household Waste Duty of Care. These communication materials provide a framework to support activities that raise awareness. 7. Using money from FPNs You may use money from FPNs only for the following purposes, as set out in section 73ZA of the Environmental Protection Act 1990: enforcement against fly-tipping and breaches of household waste duty of care collection and disposal of fly-tipped waste the restoration of land a?ected by fly-tipping 8. Reporting You should report regularly and consistently on your use of the FPN to help the public understand the approach to enforcement. WasteDataFlow includes a category for reporting the number of Duty of Care FPNs issued, starting from the January 2019 reporting round. Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved 24/03/2025 Guidance for ethical and professional behaviour in policing https://www.college.police.uk/ethics/code-of-ethics/guidance Page Guidance for ethical and professional behaviour in policing Code of Ethics guidance to help put the ethical policing principles into day-to-day practice. First published 24 January 2024 Effective policing is built on public trust and confidence. This depends on a policing profession that is ethical and professional in the way that it respects, listens, responds, improves and serves the public. The College of Policing has developed a statutory Code of Practice to complement a non-statutory Code of Ethics. Together, they will support everyone in policing to provide ethical and professional policing services. The Code of Ethics includes ethical policing principles to support decision making, as well as guidance on ethical and professional behaviour. By Ôeveryone in policingÕ, we mean: police officers police staff police community support officers (PCSOs) those with designated powers members of the Special Constabulary police support volunteers and cadets police officers and staff on secondment or overseas deployment designated contract managers, contractors and staff employed