concerned, whilst anything over ten would rarely be lower than level 2. It must be stressed, however, that it is not enough to base an assessment on the number of firearms alone Ð all factors mentioned above and in paragraph 2.20 should be taken into account. Sound moderators, spare barrels, spare cylinders and component parts should not be considered as part of the total. 2.22 A different form of security which equates to that above (such as providing a reinforced gun room or other area), may also be suitable. Advice should be sought from Firearms Licencing. Level 3 2.23 If the risk is assessed as being greater than the previous level due to additional factors such as: • Higher crime rate, • Certain high-profile certificate holders • Any other factors which substantially increase the risk of burglary, a larger number of firearms held Then the following should be considered as well as the previous level of security: a) Dividing the risk, for example by the provision of separate cabinets, perhaps in different locations within the premises, to break down the number of firearms per enclosure. b) Additional target hardening of the storage (cabinet with individual gun locks, or extending to a gun room). c) Protected by an intruder alarm to BS4737 3.30:2015 or equivalent and ideally monitored by a NSI monitoring centre with an appropriate response. 2.24 For these purposes, a ÒlargerÓ number of firearms may be taken as meaning more than twelve guns (again being cognisant as to whether to include the likes of muzzle loading firearms). As with level two, it is not enough to base an assessment on the number of firearms alone Ð other factors in paragraph 2.23 are equally if not more important, and regard must also be had to the type of firearms, their potential danger if misused and their likely attractiveness to criminals as well as the factors mentioned in that paragraph. Sound moderators, spare barrels, spare cylinders and component parts should not be considered as part of the total. Mobile Homes & Static Caravan Units 2.25 The unit should be site fixed or any wheels and towing assemblies removed or disabled to prevent its immediate removal. 2.26 Where there is doubt about the fixture, supplementary anchorage with ground anchors, locking plates or security chains should be used. 2.27 The area between the ground level and underside should either be enclosed with secure cladding, or the area giving access to that part of the chassis securing the cabinet should be protected to prevent unauthorised access to that area. 2.28 A cabinet to BS7558 or better, or a commercial safe ideally to EN1143-1 (Grade 1,2 or 3) should be used in dwellings of this type. Ideally (because of the construction of some mobile homes) cabinets of heavier construction may be warranted or a dual layer system to protect the area of installation. When considering installing heavier cabinets or safes the load bearing capacity of these structures must be considered. 2.29 The cabinet should be