CCU as soon as practicable via the Notifiable Association Notification form after the individual has notified their line manager by email. Notifiable associations should be discussed with Line Managers on a routine basis as part of the PDR process and one-to-ones as part of an ÔIntegrity Health CheckÕ. 9. THIRD PARTY REPORTING Where a member of staff becomes aware of, or suspects, an association or inappropriate relationship between another staff member and an individual, group or organisation, which may be inappropriate, they should report this to CCU either directly or via their supervisor or a staff association / trade union. A report can also be made anonymously through the Crimestoppers Police Integrity Line. 10. ASSESSMENT PROCESS Any report will be received and assessed by the Counter-Corruption Unit. Having conducted an initial assessment, there MAY be a requirement for CCU to conduct an Ethical Interview. This is not a disciplinary interview and Police Officers and staff are encouraged to consult with their respective staff associations or trade union to alleviate any concerns they may have. If deemed appropriate, CCU will complete a Notifiable Association Agreement that will be forwarded electronically to the member of staff concerned. The member of staff will be invited to acknowledge receipt and agree the terms of the said Agreement. Table of Contents 11. AGREEMENT REVIEWS All Notifiable Associations subject to an Agreement should be reviewed on an annual basis or upon notifications of change of circumstance. The PDR process for all staff should also include a discussion with Line Managers about notifiable associations. It is the responsibility of the staff involved to notify their line manager of any change in circumstances and forward any new information to CCU at the earliest opportunity via a Notifiable Association Notification form. 12. RIGHT TO APPEAL Individuals should be informed that they have a right to appeal the decision made by CCU. Appeals against the decision should be submitted in writing within 14 days to the Head of Professional Standards. While an appeal decision is made, the individual should comply in the interim with the CCU decision directions. 13. NON-COMPLIANCE All non-compliance matters should be referred as soon as practicable to CCU. Where advice has been given that such an association must cease yet it persists or the restrictions are not being observed, then the conduct will be considered under the Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 or as a disciplinary matter in respect of police staff in accordance with the Wiltshire Police Staff Discipline Procedure. The Head of Professional Standards will consider the matter and decide on the most appropriate course of action. In the assessment of such breaches aggravating factors and mitigation will be considered and addressed on a case by case basis. Table of Contents DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Professional Standards Policy Owner/Author: Supt Steve Cox / SSO Sarah Husband Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Deputy Chief Constable Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 25.05.2018 2.0 Data Protection section amended to reflect implementation of GDPR and new DPA.