Secretary of State shall by regulations made by statutory instrument establish, or make provision for the establishment of, procedures for cases in which a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may be dealt with by suspension, dismissal, requirement to resign, reduction in rank, reduction in rate of pay, fine, reprimand or caution. The regulations may provide— for decisions which would otherwise fall to be taken by the Secretary of State or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police to be taken instead— by a person or persons appointed in accordance with the regulations; or by the Ministry of Defence Police Committee; and for decisions taken by or on behalf of the Secretary of State or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police to be reviewed by a person or persons appointed by or in accordance with the regulations. In relation to any matter as to which provision may be made by regulations under this section, the regulations may— authorise or require provision to be made by, or confer discretionary powers on, the Secretary of State, the Ministry of Defence Police Committee, the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police or other persons; or authorise or require the delegation by any person of functions conferred on that person by or under the regulations. Any statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 – The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes After section 4 of that Act there shall be inserted— 129 “4A Appeals against dismissal etc. Subject to subsection (2) below, a member of the Ministry of Defence Police who is dismissed, required to resign or reduced in rank by a decision taken— in proceedings under regulations made in accordance with section 3A above, or in proceedings for the purposes of any procedures established in accordance with an agreement or order under section 60 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (c. 32), may appeal to an appeals tribunal. Subsection (1) above does not apply in the case of a person who has a right to apply to some other person for a review of the decision; and in that case that person may appeal to an appeals tribunal from any decision of that other person as a result of which he is dismissed, required to resign or reduced in rank. The Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory