to which the review relates, or (b) any other practice of the Authority or the chief constable. (8) The Commissioner mustÑ (a) give a copy of each report prepared under subsection (6) toÑ (i) the Authority, (ii) the chief constable, (iii) His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland, (iv) the Scottish Ministers, and (v) any other person whom the Commissioner considers appropriate, and (b) publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (9) But the CommissionerÑ (a) must withhold from publication any information in the report which would identify an individual (other than the chief constable), (b) may withhold the whole or part of the report from publication if the Commissioner considers that it is in the public interest to do so. (a) 22 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. 41J Recommendations about complaints handling and other matters (1) The Commissioner may make such recommendations, and give such advice, in relation toÑ (a) the arrangements mentioned in section 40A(1) (arrangements for handling relevant complaints and whistleblowing complaints), (b) the practice of the Authority or the chief constable in relation to other matters, as appear from the carrying out of the CommissionerÕs functions (other than those under section 41I (review of police practices or policies)) to be necessary or desirable. (2) A recommendation made, or advice given, under subsection (1) may beÑ (a) set out in a report prepared by the Commissioner, or (b) made or given in such other manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (3) The Commissioner mustÑ (a) give a copy of each report prepared under subsection (2)(a) toÑ (i) the Authority, (ii) the chief constable, (iii) His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland, (iv) the Scottish Ministers, and (v) any other person whom the Commissioner considers appropriate, and (b) publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (4) But the CommissionerÑ (a) must withhold from publication any information in the report which would identify an individual (other than the chief constable), (b) may withhold the whole or part of the report from publication if the Commissioner considers that it is in the public interest to do so. 41K Responses to recommendations (1) This section applies where the Commissioner makes a recommendation to the Authority or the chief constable (Òthe recipientÓ) in a report prepared underÑ (a) section 41I(6) (review of police practices and policies), or (b) section 41J(2)(a) (recommendations about complaints handling and other matters). (2) The recipient must give the CommissionerÑ (a) a written response to the recommendation (the Òinitial responseÓ), and (b) unless subsection (5) applies, a report on things done during the implementation period by the recipient in response to the recommendation (Òthe implementation reportÓ). (3) The initial response must set outÑ (a) details of what the recipient has done or proposes