Preventing violence in schools and colleges can require a mix of universal, targeted or specialist interventions. School and college leaders should be able to: • develop skills and knowledge to resolve conflict as part of the curriculum; • challenge aggressive behaviour in ways that prevent the recurrence of such behaviour; • understand risks for specific groups, including those that are gender-based, and target interventions; • safeguard, and specifically organise child protection, when needed; • carefully manage individual transitions between educational establishments, especially into Pupil Referral Units (PRUs) or alternative provision; and • work with local partners to prevent anti-social behaviour or crime. Crucial preventive work can be done at this stage to prevent negative behaviour from escalating and becoming entrenched, such as programmes aimed to improve social and emotional skills or programmes which help children understand risk and make safe choices. This guidance, which has been produced as part of the cross-Government work on Ending Gang and Youth Violence3, is intended as a resource upon which schools and colleges can draw. It includes: • advice on the support available to address problems of youth violence or gangs; • a summary of what works in preventing violence; • some considerations when commissioning programmes to improve outcomes for young people; and • a set of resources and practical checklists. The guidance signposts school and college staff to resources: • providing the skills and support to help young people to resist becoming involved in violence; • identifying young people in need of help; and • working with other agencies to tackle violence. • Teachers have a range of powers in relation to discipline. These are there to protect teachers as they tackle problems, including violence, in the school environment. Such powers cover disciplinary actions, the power to restrain violent pupils, and the power to search pupils for prohibited items. There are also some legal issues that teachers should be aware of that relate to gang membership, in particular concerning the potential criminal liability of young people whose presence or actions lead to a crime, even if they did not commit the crime themselves (Ôjoint enterpriseÕ). This highlights the risks for young people of gang involvement, even if they think that they have not directly committed any crimes. An overview of the relevant powers and legislation is attached at Resource A. In order to tackle violence affecting schools or colleges and the community, it is important to: • understand the problems that young people are facing both in school/college and in their local community; • consider possible avenues of support; and • work with local partners (who may have valuable information, resources or expertise). Leaders and senior teams in schools and colleges should also recognise that Ôearly interventionÕ includes anti-bullying and a curriculum that ensures that young people develop the social and emotional skills they need in order to meet their full potential. For example, the curriculum should include teaching conflict resolution skills, understanding risky situations, and violence and abuse should be clearly defined