other form of temporary accommodation. The guidance encourages housing authorities to use their existing powers to support victims to remain safely in their homes if they choose to do so. It makes clear that housing authorities are expected not to apply residency tests for victims who have fled to another district and sets out how they can ensure victims are given appropriate priority for social housing. In line with section 79 of the 2021 Act, the guidance requires local authorities and private registered providers of social housing to ensure that victims of domestic abuse who have a lifetime tenancy, or who have had a lifetime tenancy and have fled the social home to escape domestic abuse, retain their lifetime security of tenure if the landlord grants them a new tenancy for reasons connected with the abuse. 176 Women’s Aid. Survival and Beyond: The Domestic Abuse Report 2017: 2018. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Local Criminal Justice Boards An effective response by the criminal justice system is crucial in supporting victims of domestic abuse and ensuring perpetrators are brought to justice. Local criminal justice boards (LCJBs) are responsible for joining up local criminal justice agencies to achieve common aims and objectives including reducing crime, bringing more offenders to justice, and increasing public confidence. This can include activity to drive forward the adoption of the Domestic Abuse Best Practice Framework. LCJBs could be used by senior officers to monitor criminal justice responses to domestic abuse within agencies that sit on the boards. Policing Domestic abuse related offences represent 18% of all offences recorded by the police.177 A review of domestic homicides and suspected victim suicides during the Covid-19 pandemic found that over half of suspects (58%) were previously known to the police as a suspect for any prior offending.178 This review adopted a wide definition of domestic abuse related deaths which included child deaths in a domestic setting, unexplained or suspicious deaths, and suspected suicides of individuals with a known history of domestic abuse victimisation. Incidents of domestic abuse should not be seen in isolation; by its nature domestic abuse involves repeat victimisation. Officers should consider the history and any patterns of behaviour to understand any incident within its wider context. HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services (HMCIFRS) reports on the police response to domestic abuse have indicated that there are a number of reasons why domestic abuse cases may not result in prosecutions.179 A significant share of domestic abuse cases are withdrawn, with the victim not supporting police action. It is vital to work with victims in a trauma-informed way to support them through an investigation process and to prevent re-traumatisation. Victims may withdraw their support for prosecution if they experience a lack of communication, empathy and support. HMICFRS has noted a huge variation between forces in the proportion of cases discontinued on the grounds that “victim does not support police action”. This varied across forces from less than 10 to over 40 per 100 domestic abuse