necessarily, secured to the vehicle; d) where it is practical, the bolt, magazine or other operating part should be separated from the firearm and either carried on the person, or kept in a locked container, ideally secured to the vehicle, or concealed elsewhere. 18.56 Where firearms and ammunition are being carried on a journey which involves their being kept away from their usual secure storage, the certificate holder should make arrangements to ensure that they are, so far as is possible, secure. Considerations when firearms are being taken to venues involving overnight or longer accommodation include: a) obtaining accommodation that already provides secure facilities; b) separating and retaining possession of integral parts of the firearm Ð eg, the fore-end of a shot gun, bolt of a rifle etc; c) utilising portable security devices Ð ie, security cords etc. 166 Chapter 19: Fees Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 19.1 This chapter sets out the legal authority for charging fees for certificates and other authorisations issued under the Firearms Acts and sets out the exemptions. Legal authority 19.2 There are two distinct types of fee set out in the Firearms Acts. These are: o Under section 43 of the 1968 Act, the Secretary of State has a power to vary the level of fees payable under the Act for licensing applications administered by the police. These fees were last set in 2015 and are subject to change. o Under section 32ZA of the 1968 Act and section 15B of, and paragraph 3A of the Schedule to, the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988, the Secretary of State has a power to set fees payable under the Act for licensing applications administered by the Home Office or Scottish Government. The Firearms (Fees) Regulations 2019 set out the fees for prohibited weapons applications, museum licences and shooting clubs. These fees were last set on 1 October 2019 and are subject to change. Fees for firearms certificates etc issued by the police 19.3 The fees for the different types of certificates etc issued by the police are set out below. Generally, certificates for firearms and shot guns are valid for five years. Those for registered firearms dealers are valid for three years. Activity Total Fee (£) Grant of Firearm Certificate 88 Grant of a Shot gun Certificate 79.50 Renewal of Firearm Certificate 62 Renewal of a Shot gun Certificate 49 Registered Firearms Dealers - Grant or Renewal 200 Replacement of lost or stolen Firearm or Shot gun Certificate 4 Coterminous grant /renewal 90 / 65 Visitor permit (individual / group) 20 / 100 Registered Firearms Dealer Grant for Game Fair etc. 13 Variation (not like for like) 20 Exemption from fees for firearm certificates Variations 19.4 No fee is payable on variation: 167 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law a) if the total number of firearms to which the certificate relates is not increased; b) in respect of amended or variation of conditions; c) in respect of ammunition alone; d) when a firearm certificate is renewed at the