incidental or consequential orders as appear to it to be just. (5) Any order made by the Crown Court on an appeal under subsection (1) (c) or (2) (other than an order directing that an application be re-heard by a magistrates' court) is for the purposes of section 103E(9) or 103F(5) (respectively) to be treated as if it were an order of the court from which the appeal was brought (and not an order of the Crown Court). 103I Offence: breach of SHPO or interim SHPO etc (1) A person who, without reasonable excuse, does anything that the person is prohibited from doing byÑ (a) a sexual harm prevention order, (b) an interim sexual harm prevention order, (c) a sexual offences prevention order, (d) an interim sexual offences prevention order, or (e) a foreign travel order, commits an offence. (2) A person commits an offence if, without reasonable excuse, the person fails to comply with a requirement imposed under section 103D(4). (3) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or a fine or both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years. (4) Where a person is convicted of an offence under this section, it is not open to the court by or before which the person is convicted to make, in respect of the offence, an order for conditional discharge. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 197 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 103J SHPOs and interim SHPOs: guidance (1) The Secretary of State must issue guidance to chief officers of police and to the Director General of the National Crime Agency in relation to the exercise by them of their powers with regard to sexual harm prevention orders and interim sexual harm prevention orders. (2) The Secretary of State may, from time to time, revise the guidance issued under subsection (1). (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published in such manner as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. 103K SHPOs and interim SHPOs: supplementary (1) Rules of courtÑ (a) may provide for a youth court to give permission for an application under section 103A(4) against a person aged 18 or over to be made to the youth court ifÑ (i) an application to the youth court has been made, or is to