Results from the Surveying Prisoner Crime Reduction (SPCR) longitudinal cohort study of prisoners. Ministry of Justice. 76 Williams, K, Papadopoulou, V, Booth, N. Prisoners’ childhood and family backgrounds: Results from the Surveying Prisoner Crime Reduction (SPCR) longitudinal cohort study of prisoners: Ministry of Justice: 2012. 77 Centre for Women’s Justice. Women Who Kill: How the State Criminalises Women We Might Otherwise Be Burying: 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Experience of abuse is a mitigating factor in sentencing and the Ministry of Justice is taking steps to ensure that Pre-Sentence Reports highlight such factors. Livelihood Many victims can be made homeless by domestic abuse. Annual statutory homelessness statistics for 2020 to 2021 show that 12% of households in England recorded ‘domestic abuse’ as their main reason for being homeless or threatened with homelessness.78 Victims who are homeless are vulnerable to being further targeted by perpetrators of both physical and sexual abuse. Survey research conducted across England reported that some homeless women had formed an unwanted sexual partnership to get a roof over their heads or by engaging in sex work to raise money for accommodation.79 Evidence based on 500 interviews with homeless people found that 61% of homeless women and 13% of homeless men have experienced domestic abuse from a partner.80 The risk of homelessness can prevent a victim from leaving a home shared with a perpetrator, a victim may remain living with the perpetrator to avoid homelessness for them and their children. See the 'Housing' section in ‘Chapter 6 – Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’ for further information on homelessness, housing response and safe accommodation. Victims may suffer from the effects of economic abuse resulting in unemployment, diminished employment prospects, debt or coerced debt, or poverty. The impact can lead to devastating and long-term consequences and can severely limit access to finance and financial independence,81 see the section on ‘Economic abuse’. As set out throughout this guidance, victims with multiple and/or complex needs can face additional barriers to identifying abuse, seeking help, or accessing support services. Victims may not recognise the abuse they face as domestic abuse or underrate their experience or the experience of forms of abuse that are not physical. They may be unclear on how to seek help, therefore continued efforts are required to help ensure that resources and services are accessible and that communications about what help is available give consideration to how to reach people within local areas including minority groups and communities. 78 DLUHC. Statutory homelessness in England: financial year 2020-21 - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk). 2021. 79 Reeve, K., Casey, R., Goudie, R. Homeless Women: Still being failed yet striving to survive. Crisis: 2006. 80 Mackie, P, Thomas, I. Nations Apart? Experiences of single homeless people across England and Wales. University of Wales, Crisis: 2014. 81 Surviving Economic Abuse. ’Economic abuse is your past, present and future’: A report on the practical barriers women face in rebuilding their lives after domestic abuse: 2018. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Impact on child victims