undermine any later prosecution c. if evidence is provided that the person issued with a fixed penalty notice is in some way vulnerable and the enforcement of the fixed penalty notice would not be in the public interest d. if evidence is provided that enforcement would, for any other reason, not be considered to be in the public interest 11N.17 An authority may cancel a fixed penalty notice at any point. It can do this even when an undoubted contravention has occurred if the authority deems it to be appropriate in the circumstances of the case. Under general principles of public law, authorities have a duty to act fairly and proportionately and are encouraged to exercise discretion sensibly and reasonably and with due regard to the public interest. 11N.18 Consideration should take into account the authorityÕs own guidelines for dealing with extenuating, or mitigating circumstances. If the evidence or circumstances (including mitigating circumstances) provide grounds for cancelling the fixed penalty notice, then the enforcement authority should do so and let the individual know. If the enforcement authority considers that there are no grounds for cancellation, it should tell the individual and explain its reasons as soon as practicably possible. 11N.19 If the enforcing authority operates a process for disputing liability for an offence for which a fixed penalty notice is issued, it should ensure that, whatever routes are offered for alleged offenders to raise such a dispute, there is an adequate audit trail of the case, showing what decision was taken and why. 11N.20 It is also considered important that anyone who wants to take advantage of a process for disputing their liability to pay a fixed penalty is not disadvantaged by doing so. Where an authority offers a discount for early payment of a fixed penalty notice it should still be offered in the event of an unsuccessful dispute, providing that the dispute is lodged before the close of any relevant early payment window. 11N.21 Authorities should always make it clear that an individual whose attempt to dispute their liability for the offence is rejected may still choose not to pay the fixed penalty and instead choose to defend their case in court. Formal representations and appeals against civil penalty notices for littering from vehicles 11N.22 The process for making representations, and appealing against a civil penalty for littering from a vehicle is set out in the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Civil Penalties: Keepers) (England) Regulations 2018.16 11N.23 The recipient may dispute the issuing of a civil penalty notice at two stages: a. once a civil penalty notice has been served, an individual has up to 28 days to make a formal representation to the authority based on any one or more of the grounds for appeal set out in regulation 14 of the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Civil Penalties: Keepers) (England) Regulations 2018; and b. if a representation is rejected by the enforcing authority, the individual may appeal against the Notice of Rejection to an independent