of other agencies and the need to share information should form part of a Risk Management Plan and staff will need to consider which multi-agency arrangements are likely to be the most effective mechanism for each plan. Where appropriate, perpetrators should be offered the opportunity to engage with an offending behaviour programme and those who are eligible for HMPPS accredited programmes should be referred. Those who are not suitable for an accredited programme will be able to access alternative rehabilitative activities designed to reduce reoffending. Interventions and accredited offending behaviour programmes need to be carefully considered for those with a history of abuse, including whether mixed sex groups are appropriate. Abuse can continue from within prison through phone calls, letters, face to face meetings, or through family members. Prison Offender Managers should assess whether a prisoner presents a continuing risk while in custody and prepare plans to manage and address the risks identified. A perpetrator’s release from prison can also be a risky period for victims and Prison Offender Managers and probation practitioners should ensure that issues arising in custody are fed into release planning. Ensuring that all necessary information has been obtained to inform and assess the suitability of the address and adequate accommodation planning is also key to ensure perpetrators do not immediately return to victims, including children or other vulnerable adults. HMPPS operates a Unwanted Prisoner Contact Service193 that is available for victims or third-party agencies acting on behalf of a victim and with their consent, to stop unwanted contact from a prisoner including to stop domestic abuse perpetrators contacting victims from inside prison, even where the prisoner is serving a sentence for an unrelated offence. Contact with the service is made by telephone or email directly by the concerned individual or third-party agency. The service can also provide victims with approximate release dates and any concerns about release will normally result in a report being sent to the holding establishment. Victim safety in the context of domestic abuse covers both past victims and identified adults or children at risk of becoming victims in the future. Given the prevalence of domestic abuse, HMPPS recognises that some of the people they 193 Get support as a victim of crime – GOV.UK. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance supervise will themselves be victims of domestic abuse. As part of sentence planning and risk management, staff will work together with local agencies, domestic abuse services and specialist services to ensure the most effective way of achieving the safety of those affected by domestic abuse. Victims of perpetrators who have been convicted of a specified sexual or violent offence and sentenced to 12 months or more in custody have a statutory right to participate in the HMPPS Victim Contact Scheme. If victims have opted into the Victim Contact Scheme, the expectations of the Victim Liaison Officer and case managers are set out in the Policy Framework; the role of the Victim Liaison Officer includes informing the victim about key developments in