their representatives facilitating contact with other statutory and voluntary agencies Scene evidence recovery manager DVI managers and personnel should have completed the College of Policing approved DVI courses relevant to their role. The scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) is a police manager who is responsible for the retrieval of deceased persons, human remains, evidence and property from within the inner cordon. They work on behalf of HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal and the SIM. On appointment, the SERM discusses the DVI strategy, policy and process with the SIM. They should attend the scene to liaise with the incident commanders. The SERM ensures that appropriate controls are in place at the scene to restrict access to authorised persons. They are responsible for collating and documenting evidence. The SERM ensures that due respect is paid to the deceased lying within the scene, taking account of circumstances at that time. The uninjured are evacuated from the scene and emergency triage provided to the injured. Following this, the rescue phase can be declared over. The response phase moves into retrieval and investigation. The SERM assumes responsibility for the area contained within the inner cordon from the fire and rescue scene commander. The SERM assesses personnel, equipment and specialist assistance required for site clearance and the timescales involved using established JESIP principles to recover the deceased. For further information see Scene Evidence Recovery Manager Suggested Initial Actions. Responsibilities On appointment, the SERM is responsible for: overall scene management and coordination ensuring scene preservation and security appointing, tasking and coordinating specialists at the scene implementing predetermined strategies for identification and investigation obtaining evidence, including seizing and retaining personal property for identification and/or criminal investigation at the scene(s) completing all appropriate documentation chairing the scene evidence recovery group and ensuring that effective briefings are conducted between multiple agencies using the JESIP Principles. fully documenting all decisions and rationale in a decision log liaising with other stakeholders, including initial responders and category 1 and 2 responders, in compliance with obligations set out in the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 managing the health, safety, welfare and wellbeing of all personnel at the scene identifying the importance of risk assessments, as well as health, safety, welfare and wellbeing strategies of themselves and their colleagues at all phases of DVI operations identifying and coordinating specialist logistical support provided by external contractors managing family/VIP attendance at the scene Police mortuary operations coordinator DVI managers and personnel should have completed the College of Policing approved DVI courses relevant to their role. A police mortuary operations coordinator (PMOC) should be appointed in any mortuary, whether based in existing mortuary facilities or an emergency mortuary. The PMOC is responsible for ensuring compliance with all police DVI procedures at the mortuary for identifying the deceased and investigating the incident. The PMOC will be a suitably trained and qualified police officer or member of police staff. The PMOC manages the police mortuary teams and liaises between the mortuary documentation officer and the supervising or lead pathologist, while ensuring