fears of corruption allegations, breaches of freedom of speech and inadequate supervision. It can be argued that all these changes in policing contributed to an improvement in morale and to an overall reform in terms of laziness, corruption and incompetence in some areas. This newfound motivation for police officers to do their job may also play a part in the dramatic change in crime in New York (Dixon 1999). Besides the above reasons for not attributing too much credit to the New York interpretation of zero tolerance policing, there is another important drawback to the method. ‘Crack down’ policing methods have been used before, and are not always received well by the community in question. The UK experienced widespread disorder in 1980-81, which was sparked by an intensive programme of stop and search by the Metropolitan Police in a predominately black area of London. The US experienced similar problems in the 1960s after a period of intensive policing. Even if disorder does not arise, intensive policing methods can have a very detrimental effect on relationships between the police and the communities they serve if these methods are unwelcome (Dixon 1999). This runs counter to the ethos of both community policing and intelligence-led policing where the public is a partner and key informant for the police (Taylor 2006). It is to a fuller examination of the relationship between zero tolerance policing and community policing that we will now turn. The ‘Broken Windows’ theory was pitched as a type of community policing. By targeting nuisances and disorder that disrupt the ‘quality of life’ of residents, the police could help improve community life, social order and the local environment. This would enable crime control and social problem resolution to be achieved through the same policing method (Brogden and Nijhar 2005). However, zero tolerance is ultimately a law-enforcement approach to policing that usually takes an inflexible view of low-level disorder and incivilities. It is an aggressive policing method done in the name, but not in the spirit of, community policing. If we look at the New York experience in particular, it primarily involved new policing tactics, strategy and technology and not a great deal of community consolation or partnership working (Dixon 1999). If we also consider the negative repercussions zero tolerance policing can have on police-community relations, it is hard to see how this could ever be interpreted as a type of community policing. Despite these problems with zero tolerance policing, it can be an attractive concept for police managers. It can be a method for meeting some performance targets and indicators in a very dramatic and direct way. As we have seen in earlier discussions, demonstrating efficiency and effectiveness is an ongoing pressure for police managers, and one they are highly motivated to meet. It may come as a surprise then that there have been very few attempts to implement zero tolerance policing in the UK. One attempt took place in the King’s Cross area in London in 1996 where the police took