IVF treatment will only receive protection relating to pregnancy once she is indeed pregnant. i.e. at the advanced stage of treatment following transfer of the in vitro fertilised ova into the uterus. It will however, still constitute sex discrimination to treat an individual at advanced stage of IVF treatment less favourably simply because they are receiving that treatment. At the advanced stage of treatment the normal Maternity, Paternity, Shared Parental Leave & Adoption Policy & Procedures will then apply. SECTION 3 ADOPTION - (Including Surrogacy) 3.1 Adoption - Rights You may have many questions to ask, especially if this is your first adoption. These procedures are designed to guide you from first notification, right through to adopting your child and returning to work. The legislation can be complicated, so if, after reading through these procedures you still have some questions, please speak to your line manager or the People Service Centre/HR Advisory team or refer to www.gov.uk/adoption-pay-leave/eligibility Sections within these procedures apply to both Police Officers and Police Staff unless otherwise indicated. Adoption leave and pay rules are slightly different if you are adopting from overseas or if you are having a child through a surrogacy arrangement. Leave and pay are available to individuals who adopt solely or jointly as part of a couple. This includes legal adoption as a result of a surrogacy agreement. If you are adopting jointly, you may choose which partner takes adoption leave. Your partner is then entitled to Adoption Support Leave (detailed under Paternity/Support leave section). The right entitles eligible individuals to take paid leave when the child is newly placed for adoption. To qualify for Statutory Adoption Leave and Statutory Adoption Pay, you must: • Be the childÕs adopter • Be newly matched with a child for adoption by an approved Adoption Agency (ÔmatchedÕ means that the adoption agency gives you details of the child you think is suitable for you to adopt) • Provide documentary evidence of the adoption provided by the Adoption Agency • Have worked continuously for at least 26 weeks before the beginning of the week when youÕre matched with a child • Be dual approved prospective adopters who have a child placed with you under section 22C of the Children Act 1989 with a view to you adopting that child (this is sometimes referred to as fostering for adoption although adoption leave and pay is not available to other types of foster carers). • Be the intended parents in a surrogacy arrangement where you are eligible for and intend to apply for a Parental Order (or where you have already obtained such an order) making you the legal parents of the child that you are having with the help of a surrogate mother. 3.2 Adoption Meetings When you are matched with a child for adoption on or after 5 April 2015, you will be entitled to time off work to attend up to 5 adoption appointments (of up to six and a half hours for each appointment). In