enable the whole of the UK to flourish. 10 AI ROADMAP 1. Research, Development and Innovation AIﾃ不 full potential will only be realised in the UK if the government continues to create the conditions for leading edge research, development and innovation in AI for the public and private sectors, and if it creates the conditions for AI to work in and with multiple disciplines and areas of society and the economy. In common with some other parts of this Roadmap, what can seem like a restatement of general principles that could be taken for granted is, in fact, a challenging requirement for sustained systemic change. The governmentﾃ不 R&D Roadmap13 makes an excellent start in outlining some of the areas of systemic change that will particularly benefit AI. One of the most important commitments is to make the UK a place that is open and inviting to top talent. Demand for AI talent is at an all-time high, and there is more to do to attract and retain the very best to the UKﾃ不 shores. Skills training, both at a research and workforce level, is vital to translate research, development and innovation, and suggestions are detailed in the forthcoming section. The government R&D Roadmap includes valuable commitments to strengthening the interactions between discovery and applied research, innovation, commercialisation and deployment. This is vital: funding either excellent basic or applied research in isolation risks the outputs and the people being easily transferred to other countries, so any competitive advantage can be easily and quickly lost, especially to other countries that have more resources than the UK. The R&D Roadmap also signifies support for entrepreneurs; creating a more place- based approach to research, development and innovation; and the 11 aspiration to be more imaginative in ways of ensuring that research and innovation is directly responsive to the needs and aspirations of society. This last point echoes strongly the views of the AI Councilﾃ不 ecosystem. In addition to building on these broad directions, there are three areas which are more specific to AI and on which the government needs to take significant action. The Alan Turing Institute: local presences and global reach The first is to build on the existing success of The Alan Turing Institute as a national champion for AI research, development and innovation in the UK. In a relatively short period of time the Turing has developed to play a pivotal role in promoting AI research across sectors and in attracting talent by leveraging its growing network. Over the past year, the Turing has attracted 77 new Turing Fellows, bringing the total to 369, and 21 new research associates alongside 116 events across their research portfolio, and a student enrichment scheme intake representing 36% female and 32% from BAME backgrounds.14 It has also reached out to crowdsource best practice for data science and AI research, was pivotal in creating a new discipline in data-centric engineering, and has worked across government to provide policy advice and operational support. Concentrating on these beginnings,