over time. To achieve this, records must be managed throughout their lifecycle, from creation through to disposal. Applicability A record is defined as Òinformation created, received, and maintained as evidence and information by an organisation or person, in pursuance of legal obligations or in the transaction of business.Ó (BS ISO 15489-1: 2001 Ð British Standards around Information, Documentation and Records Management). Although not an exhaustive list, examples of items that can constitute records include: - • documents (including written and typed documents and annotated copies) • computer files (including word processor files, databases, spreadsheets and presentations) • electronic mail messages • notebook records (including One Note and Ôblue booksÕ) • fax messages • brochures and reports • intranet and Internet Web pages • forms • seized evidence • audio and video tapes, including CCTV • microfiche and microfilm • maps and plans • photographs This policy, together with the associated standards, applies to the management of all operational and business records (whether containing personal data or not) in all technical or physical formats or media, collected, received, created, held, shared, disseminated, disclosed, maintained, reviewed, retained or disposed of by staff of Wiltshire Police, the OPCC and 3rd parties in the course of carrying out the functions of the organisation. All police officers, police staff, OPCC staff, service provider staff and those working voluntarily or under contract to Wiltshire Police must be aware of, and are required to comply with, this policy. This policy does not apply to copies of documents published by other organisations that are kept for reference purposes only. Risk Assessments / Health and Safety Considerations There are no risks associated with the implementation of good records management procedures. The risks associated with not following good records management procedures are: a) inability to ensure that records are present, accessible, capable of being interpreted, trusted and maintained through time b) health and Safety / Environmental risks associated with the storage of large amounts paper incorrectly and / or unnecessarily (e.g. trip hazards, blocking exits and risk of fire) c) criminal Justice outcomes being prejudiced d) inability to comply with legislative and Regulatory body expectations (e.g. MoPI, Data Protection, Freedom of Information, VAT rules etc.) This policy aims to minimise the above risks as much as possible. Record Characteristics Records owned and managed by Wiltshire Police and the OPCC provide organisational memory, evidence of actions and decisions and represent a vital asset to support daily functions and operations. Wiltshire Police and OPCC records will be compliant with BS ISO 15489-1:2001 and will be complete, authentic, reliable, secure, usable, have integrity and be accessible. These records will be managed in accordance with good practice and legislative requirements ensuring they remain credible and authoritative throughout their lifecycle. It must be possible to prove that records are what they purport to be, to demonstrate that their integrity is intact and to identify the originator. Where a record is amended, an audit trail will be created. Records will accurately reflect the transactions that they