Transport Police Force under the scheme, of the powers conferred on those persons by their accreditation under that scheme.] (3) The regulations may make provisionÑ (a) as to the purposes for which a railway safety accreditation scheme may be established; (b) as to the procedure to be followed in the establishment of such a scheme; and (c) as to matters for which such a scheme must contain provision. (4) The regulations may make provision as to the descriptions of persons who may be accredited under a railway safety accreditation scheme and as to the procedure and criteria to be applied for the grant of any accreditation under such a scheme. (5) The regulations may make provision as to the powers which may be conferred on a person by an accreditation under such a scheme. (6) Subject to subsection (7), no regulations made by virtue of subsection (5) shall permit a power to be conferred on a person accredited under a railway safety accreditation scheme which could not be conferred on an accredited person under a community safety accreditation scheme. (7) The regulations may provide that the powers which may be conferred on a person by an accreditation under a railway safety accreditation scheme include the powers of a constable F454... to give a penalty notice under Chapter 1 of Part 1 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (fixed penalty notices) in respect of the following offencesÑ (a) an offence under section 55 of the British Transport Commission Act 1949 (c. xxix) (trespassing on a railway); (b) an offence under section 56 of that Act (throwing stones etc. at trains or other things on railways). (8) In relation to a person accredited under a railway safety accreditation scheme, the regulations may apply, with such modifications as may be prescribed by them, any provision of this Chapter which applies in relation to an accredited person. (3) 104 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (9) Before making regulations under this section the Secretary of State shall consult withÑ (a) [F455the National Police Chiefs' Council]; (b) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; [F456(c) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (ca) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (cb) the Common Council of the City of London; and] (d) the [F457British Transport Police Authority] ; (e) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of local authorities;