enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. ÒAdvisory board 46B Advisory board (1) The Commissioner must establish and maintain an advisory board (Òthe BoardÓ). (2) The purpose of the Board is to advise the Commissioner about matters relating to the governance and administration of the office of Commissioner. (3) The members of the Board are to be individuals appointed by the Scottish Ministers. (4) A decision to appoint a member to the Board or to terminate a membership of the Board is to be made independently of the Commissioner. (5) The Commissioner may pay to members of the Board such remuneration and allowances (including expenses) as the Commissioner, with the approval of the Scottish Ministers, determines. (6) The procedure of the Board is to be such as the Commissioner determines.Ó. Final provisions 21 Ancillary provision (1) The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make any incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision they consider appropriate for the purposes of, in connection with or for giving full effect to this Act. (2) Regulations under this section mayÑ (a) make different provision for different purposes, (b) modify any enactment. (3) Regulations under this sectionÑ (a) are subject to the affirmative procedure if they add to, replace, or omit any part of the text of an Act, (b) otherwise, are subject to the negative procedure. 22 Commencement (1) This section and sections 21 and 23 come into force on the day after Royal Assent. (2) The other provisions of this Act come into force on such day as the Scottish Ministers may by regulations appoint. (3) Regulations under this section mayÑ (a) include transitional, transitory or saving provision, (b) make different provision for different purposes. (a) 26 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. 23 Short title The short title of this Act is the Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025. Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 2011 CHAPTER 13 An Act to make provision about the administration and governance of police forces; about the licensing of, and for the imposition of a late night levy in relation to, the sale and supply of alcohol, and for the repeal of provisions about alcohol disorder zones; for the repeal of sections 132 to 138 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005 and for the prohibition of certain activities in Parliament Square; to enable provision in local authority byelaws to include powers of seizure and forfeiture; about the control of dangerous or otherwise harmful drugs; to restrict the issue of arrest