is available at www.justice.gov.uk/legal-aid. If a solicitor is willing to act for the respondent, they will be able to apply for funding on their behalf. The civil legal aid scheme is administered by the Legal Aid Agency. Information about which solicitors undertake legally aided work can be found via the Civil Legal Advice service, by calling 0845 345 4 345, or visiting www.legaladviserfinder.justice.gov.uk. Respondents may also find it helpful to visit the CitizensÕ Advice Bureau, consult local information directories or the Yellow Pages. Another source of information about solicitors is the SolicitorsÕ Regional Directory. The Law Society also provides a database of solicitors, which can be accessed by visiting www.lawsociety.org.uk/ http:///or by calling 0207 242 1222. 35 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 10. Serving the injunction 10.1. Serving the injunction on the respondent Once an injunction has been granted, it must be served personally on the respondent, unless the court orders otherwise. If applicants obtain the injunction at a hearing where the respondent is present, they should consider asking the court to order that the respondent remain on the court premises until he or she is served with the injunction. This should reduce the time spent trying to locate the respondent later on and means that it is less likely that service will become a live issue at a later hearing. It is essential that the respondent understands the nature and precise details of the terms of the injunction and that the terms are explained in ordinary language. In particular, it is good practice at the initial meeting to provide the respondent with a series of pre-planned appointments, detailing times and locations. The respondent should be notified in writing of any amendments to appointment, location or times. It is also good practice to provide a map which clearly shows any exclusion zones. It may be appropriate for the police (either as the applicant or on behalf of a local authority applicant) to drive the respondent around the restricted area, physically pointing out the areas named in their injunction. If the applicant is the local authority, this step should be taken in collaboration with the police, ensuring that adequate security measures are in place. Where a respondent has not been personally served with the injunction at the court, applicants will be responsible for arranging personal service as soon as possible thereafter. In Ôwithout noticeÕ hearings, proof of service of an injunction is important since any proceedings for breach may fail if service is challenged by the respondent and cannot be proved by the applicant. Consultation partners should be informed when an injunction has been served on the respondent. When serving an injunction on a respondent aged 14 to 17, the applicant must comply with any directions given to them under the terms of the court order relating to service in the presence of a responsible adult/appropriate adult. An appropriate adult, for example, may be a parent, guardian, local authority social worker, someone from a voluntary