models and consistently demonstrate professional behaviour. We support our leaders in creating a positive ethical culture. We seek to build and maintain the confidence of the public we serve, and with our colleagues and partners, through the way that we conduct ourselves. We help to protect ourselves, our colleagues and those around us by maintaining professional boundaries. Challenging unprofessional behaviour and practice We always challenge behaviours, language and attitudes that undermine our profession. We challenge all prejudice, discriminatory behaviour and any activity that undermines the impartiality of policing. We are courageous in challenging colleagues, irrespective of rank or grade. We support an environment where ethical issues can be raised and addressed. We may have to engage in difficult conversations with colleagues when we hear or see things that are unprofessional. We call out unprofessional behaviour, report incidents of unprofessional conduct, ask for assistance and/or offer support to those involved. Being honest, open and accountable We demonstrate integrity and understand the need to be truthful in accounting for our decisions and actions. We expect to be judged by the quality of our decision-making, rather than just the outcome. Encouraging feedback and scrutiny We welcome feedback, scrutiny and challenge on our decisions, including where we make mistakes. We reflect on our actions and their impact so that we can learn and develop. Download a poster Code of Ethics – Courage A4 poster (pdf) 46.87 KB Respect and empathy We show respect and empathy by: acting with respect listening to and understanding different perspectives understanding the impact of emotions and welfare responding to individual needs being fair and impartial Ethical policing requires respect and empathy We show respect and empathy by acting with respect We treat everyone with dignity, respect, patience and courtesy where at all possible. We recognise that everyone may respond to the same situation in different ways, so we always seek to consider how others are thinking, feeling or behaving. We show respect and empathy by listening to and understanding different perspectives We ensure that people feel valued and listened to by giving them opportunities to share their views and taking these views into account. We seek to understand people’s experiences, values and beliefs, and we recognise that their perspectives may differ from our own. Through keeping an open mind, we challenge our preconceptions and consider alternative ways of responding. We show respect and empathy by understanding the impact of emotions and welfare We try to recognise the physical, mental and emotional challenges that people may face, and listen to ensure that they feel valued and heard. We are aware of our own emotions and of the impact that we may have on those around us. Through reflection, we assess our biases, assumptions and knowledge gaps, understanding that they may have an impact on our decision-making. We recognise when we and our colleagues have been affected by the demands, stresses and traumas that can exist in policing. We seek help when it is needed and we understand that doing so