Specifically, studies examining self- reported outcomes suggest that de-escalation training in other professions has led to favorable effects on the attitudes, perceptions, and self-reported experiences and behaviors of trained individuals. The impact of de-escalation training on behavioral outcomes, however, has not been established. Although the majority of the studies report favorable effects of de-escalation training (e.g., reduction in number and severity of violent incidents, increased application in use of de-esca- lation techniques), there were also findings that suggest de-escalation training has no effect and, in some cases, unfavorable effects on use-of-force outcomes. Confidence in the validity and generalizability of these findings is threatened by several factors, including the (1) substantial variation across de-escalation training programs under examination; (2) reliance on pretest/posttest research designs with no comparison groups; (3) heavy focus on self-reported, rather than behavioral, outcomes; and (4) emphasis on short-term outcomes MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 155 (Engel et al., forthcoming). As a result, recommendations for de-escalation, as well as larger conversations on the safety and well-being of police officers and the individuals they encounter, rely heavily on anecdotal evidence and untested propositions about best practice. Nevertheless, a majority of police agencies in large cities across the country are currently training officers in de-escalation tech- niques, as this is one of the most common demands from community activists and political officials (CBS News 2019). Although more rigorous research studies of de-escalation training curriculums for police are under way (e.g., Engel et al. 2019; McLean et al., this volume; White and Pooley 2018), the current state of evidence leaves many questions related to the effectiveness of de-escalation poli- cies and training unanswered. Based on the limited evidence from other disciplines, anecdotal accounts, reviews of practice in other agencies, experts’ advice, and our best judgments, the uCPD executive team engaged in a comprehensive and innovative overhaul of all use-of-force policies, procedures, and training. The underlying principle of the sanctity of life—respecting the value of every human life—along with the implementation of a robust training and accountability structure necessary to support the use of de-escalation tactics were the primary focus of the uCPD team (Police Executive Research Forum 2016). While the scientific evidence regarding the likelihood of reducing use of force based on these changes was quite limited, a robust accountability structure was embedded, and several evalu- ation opportunities to build our own body of evidence were undertaken. For example, when officers were trained in use of force and de-escalation, a series of surveys (pre, post, and follow-up) were created and administered to officers to identify changes in officers’ attitudes, knowledge, and self-reported behaviors. These survey instruments are now being used by other agencies looking to exam- ine the impact of similar de-escalation trainings (see Engel et al. 2019). Coupled with strong research designs (e.g., randomized controlled trials) for training delivery, this evidence base will quickly grow, and soon critical information regarding the impact of de-escalation training on officer use of force will be available. Implicit bias training Racial and ethnic disparities in