2020) 68 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper ÒWe are committed to developing more beautiful homes and communities. It should be an aspiration for all new developments. It helps to create a sense of place and foster a sense of community.Ó The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 69 ÒWe are reinvigorating the home ownership offer for housing association tenants by introducing a new Right to Shared Ownership.Ó 70 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Supporting residentsÕ Right to Buy 157. Over 60% of social tenants have said they would prefer to be owner-occupiers if they had a free choice,46 yet only a quarter currently believe they will ever be able to do so.47 This gap between ambition and expectation is not right. 158. We remain committed to the Right to Buy, which has helped nearly two million residents to become homeowners since 198048. In August 2018 a pilot of the Voluntary Right to Buy was launched in the Midlands. This pilot has given thousands of housing association residents in the East and West Midlands the opportunity to own their own home. 159. The pilot is assessing how the Voluntary Right to Buy works in practice for residents and for housing associations. It is also testing that housing associations are able to replace the homes sold under the pilot and the portable discount, which enables a resident to use their discount to buy another housing association property where their home is not for sale. We will publish the full evaluation of the Midlands pilot. Right to Shared Ownership 160. We are reinvigorating the home ownership offer for housing association tenants by introducing a new Right to Shared Ownership. The Right to Shared Ownership will be attached to the vast majority of new grant funded homes for rent grant funded through the new £11.5bn Affordable Homes Programme. It will give many housing association residents the opportunity to purchase a stake in their home of 10% or more and to purchase further shares in future when they can afford to do so. Tenants taking up this offer will benefit from the new Shared Ownership model that is more consumer-friendly and makes it more manageable for shared owners to increase the stake in their homes. Supporting leaseholders in social housing 161. The Government is committed to promoting fairness and transparency for all leaseholders, both in the social and private sectors, and ensuring that consumers are protected from abuse and poor service. That is why we are reforming the leasehold market by restricting ground rents on future leases to zero, banning new leasehold houses, strengthening redress, making it easier, quicker and cheaper to extend a lease or buy a freehold and reinvigorating commonhold and Right to Manage. Our White Paper reforms will also benefit leaseholders with social landlords, for example by increasing transparency on overall spend and performance by landlords, a stronger focus on managing neighbourhoods and communal spaces, and