as dual-sourcing and contingency measures; o reduction in insurance premiums for policies such as Ôbusiness disruptionÕ when demonstrating resilience measures; o the ability to retain, and possibly gain new contracts and customers through being able to deliver when others canÕt. 8.59. The following information will be useful to local businesses in assessing the need to develop business continuity plans: o the kinds of disruption which could occur, and o the impacts they may have (e.g. loss of utilities or access to premises); o the arrangements that Category 1 responders have in place to assess the risk of, prepare for, respond to and recover from emergencies, and their implications for the business community (e.g. evacuation or recovery plans); o the steps individual organisations can take to prepare for, or mitigate the effects of, an emergency (e.g. implement BCM); and o sources of warnings, information and advice in the event of an emergency. 8.60. Levels of BCM awareness and activity will vary considerably between organisations. In some cases the challenge will be to get BCM on the agenda, and in others the challenge will be to sell the concept or help organisations already doing BCM to refine their plans. Delivering a programme of advice and assistance / discharging the duty 8.61. Since 2005, local authorities have developed various means of discharging the duty: providing a service to the communities and contributing to national resilience. Some believe they have achieved real value in this area. Some of these are included as case studies at Box 8.3. They have been generously provided by local authorities, whose contact details can be found at the foot of each case study. 8.62. Practical advice in delivering the duty to provide business continuity advice and assistance is set out below. In addition to specific advice on business continuity, a website can be used to direct businesses to other sources of information about civil protection issues, including the CRR and other Category 1 and 2 respondersÕ sites and to reference other sites offering guidance on the development of business continuity arrangements. Press releases Articles in appropriate publications can raise awareness of business continuity issues, or to direct readers to relevant materials. Local authorities publishing an annual business or voluntary sector directory can use them to publicise the message. References in publications issued by partner organisations (e.g. business or social action representative groups) can also be useful. Mailings Local authorities have various means, e.g. business rate letters, of disseminating guidance to the business and voluntary sector, this might include existing reference materials on BCM, available from a wide range of sources, including the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, the Federation of Small Businesses and the Business Continuity Institute. Participation in seminars/events Existing events/seminars targeted at businesses or the voluntary sector, whether organised by the Local Authority Economic Development Department or other local partners, can be used to communicate the message on BCM promotion and to publicise sources of information on BCM, either provided by the local authority or by