and Staff (Uniformed and Non- Uniformed) Professional appearance is the personal responsibility of each individual Ð in line with our force values and behaviours. Along with maintaining personal hygiene and grooming in keeping with the high standards of appearance expected and set out in this procedure. Members of Wiltshire Police shall not wear or display any items that are likely to bring Wiltshire Police into disrepute. 6. Specific Responsibilities of Uniformed Officers and Staff Uniformed officers, special constabulary and staff members of Wiltshire Police will wear the corporate standard uniform as issued in conjunction with their role at all times when on duty unless a specific instruction has been received by a Manager or Supervisor as a result of meeting an operational requirement. Uniform issued shall be on a best fit basis and the fit of garments in conjunction with diversity needs to be accommodated with the assistance of the Clothing Coordinator. Maternity wear options are available for uniformed officers and staff as a special order and can be provided following a consultation with the Supplies Manager. Officers and staff considering or undergoing gender reassignment will be supported by a confidential consultation with a senior leader within the organisation. Further guidance for individuals and line managers can be found within the Equal Opportunities Policy and Procedures Ð Transgender and The Work Place and on the Equality, Diversity & Inclusion SharePoint Page. Personal additions, alterations, replacements, or items which pose a health and safety risk are not permitted under any circumstances unless authorised by the Force Clothing and Equipment Board. Lost or stolen items must be reported to your Manger or Supervisor for security reasons. These items will be replaced upon the completion and endorsement by your manager of Form 232. 7. Specific Responsibilities of Non-uniformed Officers and Staff All clothing worn should be appropriate to the dignity and professionalism of the workplace and should not be revealing or present a possibility that colleagues or members of the public may find it offensive or embarrassing. Male officers and staff will wear trousers, shirt and tie unless there is an operational requirement not to do so. Female officers and staff will wear professional business clothing unless there is an operational requirement not to do so. Standards of dress shall reflect a professional image. The following items are examples (but not an exhaustive list) of unacceptable standards of dress unless a specific instruction has been received by a Manager or Supervisor as a result of meeting an operational requirement or specific role: Jeans/Jeggings and denim garments Shorts unless worn under uniform for diversity needs Sweatshirts TÐshirts with slogans or logos or motifs that may be considered offensive Sportswear Beachwear Flip Flops Training shoes Non-uniformed officers, staff and volunteers attending training courses will wear their normal business attire unless joining instructions require a specific dress code. 8. Specialist Roles Specialist roles will be subject to a risk assessment and clothing or equipment identified as a requirement shall be issued in accordance with the Regional