those who have undergone or are at risk of FGM. The policies and procedures should be in line with existing statutory and non-statutory guidance on safeguarding children and vulnerable adults. These policies and procedures must reflect multi-agency working arrangements; and • policies and procedures are kept under review and updated to reflect structural, departmental, legal and other relevant changes. 4.3. A Victim-Centred and Multi-Agency Approach An effective local response to FGM should be underpinned by two key principles: • safeguarding is everyoneÕs responsibility: each professional and organisation should play their part; and • a victim-centred approach should be taken: based on a clear understanding of the needs and views of girls and women affected by FGM. • 4.4. Commissioning Services It is likely that some women with FGM are living in every local authority area in England and Wales38 (see Section 2.4.1). It is important for commissioning leads to understand the data relating to their local communities so that their agencyÕs response is appropriate to communitiesÕ needs. This includes ensuring that: • services are provided to meet the physical and mental health needs of women and girls who have undergone FGM as appropriate; • projects and services aimed at preventing FGM are developed in consultation with FGM survivors and expert voluntary sector organisations; and • when commissioning services, considering whether there are suitable local community organisations or individual peer educators who have the experience to work with and support affected communities effectively. When commissioning services, local authorities may wish to check whether community organisations are accredited. For example, the Imkaan Accredited Quality Standards39 set out standards for community organisations working with black and minority ethnic (BME) women and girls on harmful practices including FGM and so called Ôhonour-basedÕ abuse. Commissioning: Additional Resources Information on commissioning health services for women and girls affected by FGM in England is set out in the Department of HealthÕs ÔCommissioning Services to Support Women and Girls with Female Genital MutilationÕ (2015)40. 38 Macfarlane A, Dorkenoo E. (2015) Prevalence of Female Genital Mutilation in England and Wales: National and local estimates. London: City University London and Equality Now http://openaccess.city.ac.uk/12382/ 39 https://www.imkaan.org.uk/resources 40 www.gov.uk/government/publications/services-for-women-and-girls-with-fgm# 4.5. Awareness and Training Training should enable all staff to discharge their safeguarding duties with regard to FGM, as for any other form of abuse. Training on FGM could include the following: • an overview of FGM (what it is, when and where it is performed); • the UK law on FGM and child protection; • the potential consequences of FGM; • what to do when FGM is suspected or has been performed; and • the role of different professionals and the importance of multi-agency working. Local Safeguarding Children Boards (in England) are responsible for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of single agency and inter-agency training on safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children provided within their area41. This is in line with their function to develop policies and procedures in relation to training of those persons who work with children or in