Secretary of State (and accordingly are not liabilities of any member of the panel). (2) Any expense incurred by a member of a police and crime panelÑ (a) in respect of a relevant liability, or (b) otherwise in the exercise of, or purported exercise of, a function of the panel, is to be borne and repaid by the Secretary of State. (3) In this paragraph Òrelevant liabilityÓ means a liability which, but for this paragraph, would be a liability of a member of a police and crime panel (whether personally or as a member of that panel) in respect of anything done byÑ (a) that person in the exercise, or purported exercise, of a function of a member of the panel, (b) any other member of the panel in the exercise, or purported exercise, of a function of a member of the panel, or (c) the panel in the exercise, or purported exercise, of a function of the panel. Provision of financial and other resources 20 (1) The Secretary of State may provide financial and other resourcesÑ (a) to a police and crime panel in connection with the exercise of the panel's functions; (b) to the members of a police and crime panel in connection with the exercise of their functions; and (c) to one or more of the relevant local authorities covered by a police area in connection with the exercise of functions byÑ (i) such an authority in relation to the police and crime panel for that police area, (ii) that panel, or (iii) the members of that panel. (2) The Secretary of State may provide financial or other resources under sub- paragraph (1) subject to conditions. (3) In the case of resources provided under sub-paragraph (1) (c), the conditions which may be imposed include conditions requiring a relevant local authority to pass resources to, or share resources with, another relevant local authority. (4) The power under this paragraph to provide resources is in addition to the duty under paragraph 19(2). (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) PART 4 GENERAL PROVISIONS 187 Restrictions on membership of panel 21 The police and crime commissioner for a police area may not be a member of the police and crime panel for the area. 22[F203(1)] A person may not be a co-opted member of the police and crime panel for a police area if the person is any of the followingÑ (a) a member of the staff of the police and crime commissioner for that police area; (b) a member of the civilian staff of the police force for that police area; (c) a Member of Parliament; (d) a member of the National Assembly for Wales; (e) a member of the