must serve the order on the police, including the local police station of the girl being protected. When local authorities have obtained a FGMPO or are aware that one is in place, it is essential that they work closely with the victim and the relevant support service, if there is one, to ensure it offers the level of protection that was envisaged. Links need to be established with other agencies, in particular the police, to ensure ongoing support is available to victims as needed. 32 SI 2015 No. 1422. 33 www.gov.uk/female-genital-mutilation-protection-order 3.3.3 Breach Breach of an FGMPO is a criminal offence with a maximum penalty of up to five yearsÕ imprisonment. As an alternative to prosecution, a breach of an FGMPO may be dealt with by the civil route as a contempt of court, punishable by up to two yearsÕ imprisonment, a fine, or both. If the police investigate a possible breach as a criminal offence, they can arrest those suspected of breaching the terms of the order. Following a police investigation, the CPS will decide whether or not to proceed with a prosecution for the breach and/or any other offences that might be disclosed. Where the decision is taken, however, to pursue breach as a contempt of court matter, an application should be made to the family court for an arrest warrant. This should be supported by a statement setting out how the order has been breached. The order will need to be served on the respondents. Although FGMPOs are specifically designed to protect actual or potential victims of FGM, one or more of the orders or applications in Annex E may also be considered alongside an FGMPO, depending on the particular circumstances of each case. Referral to an accredited family law practitioner to deal with wider issues of private or public family law may be equally important to meet the girlÕs needs. 3.3.4 Sharing Information about an FGMPO Where an agency has obtained an FGMPO it should consider which, if any, other agencies need to be aware of the FGMPO, i.e. those not served with a copy of the order by the court, and whether it is necessary for that information to be shared in order to secure the protection of the girl at risk. Care should, however, be exercised in sharing information, particularly if it could have the adverse effect of leading to either reprisals for the victim and/or other members of their family. When the court has made an order, the applicant or the court, (where requested or if the court makes an order of its own initiative), should serve a copy of the order on the police, together with a statement showing that the respondents and/or any other persons directed by the court have been served with the order or informed of its terms. The order and statement should be delivered to the police station for the address of the person being protected by the order, unless the court specifies another police station. 3.4. FGM