receive appropriate information during the recovery phase. 7.96. A wide area emergency such as flooding is a good example of how responders all have to play their part. It is clear that the role of lead Category 1 responder for warning, informing and advising, is likely to fall in England to the Environment Agency, in this instance, but that does not absolve non-lead responders from playing their part. When a potential flood impinges on the functions of another Category 1 body, then it too has a duty to warn, for example, where it is likely that the flood will require a response from the local authority or the police, e.g. because the flood will impact on the delivery of education or the welfare of clients on a social services care list or, in the case of the police, because lives and property will be at risk. The Agency is also responsible for warning other responders, who must make decisions on, for example, evacuation, in the same way it does the public. In similar wide area examples, such as health emergencies, the lead Category 1 responder with responsibility for warning and informing will be a health organisation, but it will also require assistance from other Category 1 responders. Different bodies may undertake the lead Category 1 response role in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. 7.97. Where identification of the Category 1 organisation taking the lead responder role for warning, informing and advising cannot be done in advance, the Regulations permit a procedure to be established for identifying at the time of an event who should be the lead responder. However, choosing this option may cause unwanted delay and confusion. A possible example where Category 1 responders might want to delay identifying a lead responder could be a severe weather emergency. Even so, in Annex 7.1. 7D, it is suggested that the police should be identified in advance for the lead role in this type of wide area emergency, where the likely impact is on road traffic. They, of course, would expect to be supported by a range of other Category 1 responders. 7.98. Procedures may also be adopted for changing the lead responder with responsibility for warning, informing and advising during the course of an emergency. On land, the police, and in maritime emergencies, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency are likely to co-ordinate warning and information strategies in the early stages of many emergencies. In the later stages, the lead in distributing information and advice about longer-term issues, for example, connected to health or the environment, may be handed over to the relevant expert organisation. Use of Protocols 7.99. Category 1 responders are likely to want to support these arrangements with protocols.32 (A checklist of possible protocols appears at Annex 7C). These may be negotiated directly or through the LRF. 7.100. Protocols should be recorded formally and in some detail, so that they can be implemented immediately in the event of an emergency. They should describe the process which will