conduct of the defaulter. (4) If an application under this paragraph is dismissed, the party by which the dismissed application was made may make no further application under this paragraph withoutÑ (a) the consent of the court, or (b) the agreement of the other party. (5) The original applicant must consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the supervision order before making an application under sub- paragraph (1). Compliance with supervision order 11 If the responsible officer considers that the defaulter has complied with all the requirements of the supervision order, the officer must inform the original applicant. Non-compliance with supervision order 12 (1) If the responsible officer considers that the defaulter has failed to comply with a requirement of the supervision order, the officer must inform the original applicant. (2) On being informed under sub-paragraph (1) the original applicant may apply to a youth court. (3) Before making an application under sub-paragraph (2) the original applicant mustÑ (a) consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order; (b) inform any other body or individual the original applicant thinks appropriate. (4) If on an application under sub-paragraph (2) the court is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the defaulter has without reasonable excuse failed to comply with a requirement of the supervision order, the court mayÑ (a) revoke the supervision order and make a new one; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 179 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) revoke the order and make a detention order (see Part 3 of this Schedule). (5) The powers in sub-paragraph (4)Ñ (a) may not be exercised after the defaulter reaches the age of 18; (b) are in addition to any other power of the court in relation to the breach of the supervision order. (6) The court must consider any representations made by the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before exercising its powers under this paragraph. Copies of supervision order etc 13 (1) A court that makes a supervision order must straight away provide a copy of the order toÑ (a) the defaulter; (b) the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order. (2) Where a supervision order is made, the original applicant must straight away provide a copy of so much of the order as is relevantÑ (a) in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying a place under paragraph 4(1)(a), to