this section may for the purpose of preventing the respondent from engaging in anti-social behaviourÑ (a) prohibit the respondent from doing anything described in the injunction; (b) require the respondent to do anything described in the injunction. (5) Prohibitions and requirements in an injunction under this section must, so far as practicable, be such as to avoidÑ (a) any interference with the times, if any, at which the respondent normally works or attends school or any other educational establishment; (b) any conflict with the requirements of any other court order or injunction to which the respondent may be subject. (6) An injunction under this section mustÑ (a) specify the period for which it has effect, or (b) state that it has effect until further order. In the case of an injunction granted before the respondent has reached the age of 18, a period must be specified and it must be no more than 12 months. (7) An injunction under this section may specify periods for which particular prohibitions or requirements have effect. (8) An application for an injunction under this section must be made toÑ (a) a youth court, in the case of a respondent aged under 18; (b) the High Court or the county court, in any other case. Paragraph (b) is subject to any rules of court made under section 18(2). 2 Meaning of Òanti-social behaviourÓ (1) In this Part Òanti-social behaviourÓ meansÑ (a) conduct that has caused, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to any person, (b) conduct capable of causing nuisance or annoyance to a person in relation to that person's occupation of residential premises, or (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 3 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) conduct capable of causing housing-related nuisance or annoyance to any person. (2) Subsection (1)(b) applies only where the injunction under section 1 is applied for byÑ (a) a housing provider, (b) a local authority, or (c) a chief officer of police. (3) In subsection (1)(c) Òhousing-relatedÓ means directly or indirectly relating to the housing management functions ofÑ (a) a housing provider, or (b) a local authority. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3) the housing management functions of a housing provider or a local authority includeÑ (a) functions conferred by or under an enactment; (b) the powers and duties of the housing provider or local authority as the holder of an estate or interest in housing accommodation. Contents of injunctions 3 Requirements included in injunctions (1) An injunction under section 1 that includes