In subsection (4), for the words before paragraph (a) substitute ÒA person mentioned in subsection (4A) (Òthe applicantÓ) may by complaint to a magistratesÕ court apply for a sexual harm prevention order in respect of a person if it appears to the applicant thatÑÓ. (4) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) Those persons areÑ (a) a chief officer of police; (b) the Director General of the National Crime Agency (Òthe Director GeneralÓ); (c) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; (d) the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police.Ó (5) For subsection (7) substituteÑ Ò(7) If the Director General, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police makes an application under subsection (4), that person must as soon as practicable notify the chief officer of police for a relevant police area of that application.Ó (6) In subsection (9)(b)Ñ (a) in the words before sub-paragraph (i), after Òthe Director GeneralÓ insert Ò, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence PoliceÓ, and (b) in sub-paragraph (ii), for ÒDirector GeneralÓ substitute ÒapplicantÓ. (7) In section 103F (interim sexual harm prevention orders), after subsection (6) (inserted by section 173 of this Act) insertÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 199 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(7) If the Director General of the National Crime Agency, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police makes an application under this section, that person must as soon as practicable notify the chief officer of police for a relevant police area of that application. (8) In subsection (7), Òrelevant police areaÓ has the same meaning as in section 103A (sexual harm prevention orders: applications and grounds) (see section 103A(9)).Ó (8) In section 103J(1) (sexual harm prevention orders and interim sexual harm prevention orders: guidance) for Òchief officers of police and to the Director General of the National Crime AgencyÓ substitute Òchief officers of police, the Director General of the National Crime Agency, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force and the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence PoliceÓ. (9) Section 122A (sexual risk orders: applications, grounds and effect) is amended in accordance with subsections (10) and (11). (10) For subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) A person mentioned in subsection (1A) (Òthe applicantÓ) may by complaint to a magistratesÕ court apply for