either— the Secretary of State by order otherwise provides; or the travel restriction order is suspended or revoked under section 35. No person shall be guilty of an offence under section 36 in respect of any act or omission required of him by an obligation imposed in the exercise of a prescribed removal power. In this section “a prescribed removal power” means any such power conferred by or under any enactment as— consists in a power to order or direct the removal of a person from the United Kingdom; and Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 29 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes is designated for the purposes of this section by an order made by the Secretary of State. An order under subsection (2)(a) or (4) shall be made by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. An order under subsection (2)(a)— may make different provision for different cases; and may contain such incidental, supplemental, consequential and transitional provision as the Secretary of State thinks fit. References in this section to a person’s removal from the United Kingdom include references to his deportation, extradition, repatriation, delivery up or other transfer to a place outside the United Kingdom. Use of controlled drugs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F87. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Intimidating, harming and threatening witnesses etc. Intimidation of witnesses A person commits an offence if— he does an act which intimidates, and is intended to intimidate, another person (“the victim”); he does the act— knowing or believing that the victim is or may be a witness in any relevant proceedings; and intending, by his act, to cause the course of justice to be obstructed, perverted or interfered with; and the act is done after the commencement of those proceedings. For the purposes of subsection (1) it is immaterial— whether or not the act that is done is done in the presence of the victim; 30 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is