Force Policy. Student Officers may apply for flexible working arrangement subject to the following constraints: a. Any application for flexible or part time working will only be considered after the completion of the tutorship phase. b. The application will be discussed with the HEI partner and the Apprenticeship Consultant to agree extending the length of the course. c. All mandated training will be completed on a full-time basis as set or full weeks. a. d. A Student OfficerÕs probationary period will be a minimum of two years (DHEP and Pre-Join) or three years (PCDA), but this will be extended on a pro-rata basis to match the reduction in average hours worked to a maximum of 6 years for PCDA. This may require a rescheduling of fitness testing and review dates. e. To ensure that a Student Officer has an opportunity to gain experience in all aspects of policing, there is a presumption that they will work a rotating shift pattern including night shifts. f. Shift patterns may be subject to Òreasonable adjustmentÓ where this can be negotiated locally and subject to both the needs of the division, the Student OfficerÕs developmental needs, and any other personal issues such as caring responsibilities. g. Where a Student Officer works part-time, their shift pattern should be consistent with that of a named supervisor to ensure continuity of supervision. h. Student Officers who work on a reduced hourÕs basis will have their progress reviewed at intervals not exceeding six-months. This should include an annual review of working patterns. 17. Record Keeping and Confidentiality 17.1 All records regarding the studentÕs development and progress will be clear, use straightforward language, be concise, accurate in fact and stored confidentially and securely in line with the Data Protection Act and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 17.2 GDPR and the Data Protection Act is not a barrier to sharing information for the purpose ensuring the ongoing support and development of the student. Any information shared will be shared in line with the Information Sharing: PractitionerÕs Guide [2015] document. Records of developmental needs will be securely stored by Professional Development. These will be chronological, factual and kept in accordance with data protection regulations and Wiltshire Police strategy. Records will be destroyed after 3 years. 17.3 Whilst respecting confidentiality and data protection, Wiltshire Police will share data where relevant with their contracted HEI partner (USW). This data sharing will ensure the development and progress of the student is monitored in accordance with GDPR whilst providing support for the student. Where applicable, the contracted HEI partner will also share relevant data regarding performance with Wiltshire Police. 17.4 By enrolling on the programme with the contracted HEI partner and accepting an offer of appointment by the employing force, the Student Officer will agree to Wiltshire Police and the contracted HEI to share information with each other on their development via a Tripartite agreement. PCDA students will also sign an apprenticeship agreement. The purpose of the agreement is to identify the occupation, apprenticeship standard,