to a potential civil claim or Litigation through the provisions of the Equality Act 2010. This document does not seek to replace current processes where proceedings are underway, either through the Informal Resolution or Formal Resolution processes. Its intention is to capture the facts of the issue or concern, understand the implications, make recommendations, and through reflective practices retain the lessons learnt. Incident management is a cyclical process that requires the identification and reporting of incidents, followed by investigation (if necessary), as well as remedial action and learning to mitigate the risk of recurrence. The reporting of all incidents (or the potential for incidents), no matter how trivial they may appear, will enable the EDI department to build a profile of risks to staff, the public, and to the business of the organisation. PURPOSE The purpose of this procedure is to: • Ensure that robust incident reporting mechanisms are in place so that all EDI incidents are captured and managed in a systematic way. That mitigating action is taken, and lessons are learnt, shared and embedded. • Ensure that any regulatory or procedural requirements in relation to incident reporting are fulfilled. • Ensure that all staff have a clear understanding of their responsibilities. • Ensure supervisors receive ongoing training and know who the contact with the reporting process. Early contact is key. • PSD is a key department and must receive initial notification. • • Encourage a reporting and questioning environment within Wiltshire Police which empowers staff to have the confidence to report incidents, and openly discuss working practices. SCOPE This procedure relates to all employees and appointees of Wiltshire Police, including others working within the organisation in a temporary capacity. Wiltshire Police are committed to learning from all incidents and ensuring a fair organisation for its staff, visitors, and anyone else who may be affected by Wiltshire Police activities. This procedure is in place to support staff in the reporting of incidents without any fear of recrimination. Wiltshire Police accepts that incidents can sometimes occur due to human error and, under this procedure, blame will not be apportioned to any individual where this may be the case. However, this does not extend to incidents that have occurred because of misconduct or gross misconduct. Incidents resulting from these circumstances will be dealt with in accordance with Wiltshire Police disciplinary policies and procedures. This procedure does not supersede any other Policies Procedures or Regulations. REPORTING INCIDENTS This procedure deals with reporting of EDI incidents that could be classed as a near miss or lost opportunity. As such incident reporting may arrive from varied sources including, but not limited to, Police Federation, Trade Unions, Staff Support Networks, Human Resources, EDI and individual members of staff. The reporting of incidents is an important means of providing information that allows Wiltshire Police to investigate such occurrences promptly and effectively and, where possible, to quickly apply control measures. This will help with the process of identifying the causes of such incidents, from which lessons can