group(s) against which his or her samples will be tested. 8.4 The officer will be entitled to have a Ôpolice friend, as defined in the Police (conduct) Regulations 2020 present when the samples are being take. However, a delay in a police friend attending will not delay the testing procedure provided that the officer has been able to consult a police friend. 9. Consultation and monitoring 9.1 The scale of testing adopted, and the identification of vulnerable posts, will be the subject of consultation with the local staff associations. All random samples will be monitored by ethnicity, faith, gender, disability and sexual orientation to ensure that no unintended bias arises from the sampling technique. 5.1 10. Immediate consequences of positive test results on serving Police Officer at the on-site screening stage 10.1 Only suitably qualified staff will carry out on-site drug screening tests. The person being tested should be advised that any positive screening test results provide a provisional indication only, and are subject to further laboratory analysis and medical review, either of which could result in the final result being negative. 10.2 An officerÕs manager should be informed immediately of a positive on-site screening test result, as there may be a risk in continuing to deploy the officer on the full range of police duties. At this stage there is no final result, as this can only be provided by laboratory analysis, so the language used to describe the outcome of an on-site test is very important. In particular, the manager should not be told that Òa test has been failedÓ as this is not the case. 10.3 It is for the manager to assess the risk in relation to the duties due to be undertaken by the officer, but there would be a presumption of removal from duties involving contact with the public. Formal suspension would be appropriate only if a positive result was confirmed following laboratory test and medical review. 10.4 Difficulties arise, inevitably, for both the officer and management from a positive result that occurs when on site screening is undertaken. A confirmed result, either positive or negative, will not be available until the completion of laboratory analysis and medical review, a process that is likely to take two or three days. Any difficulties arising from this delay are outweighed by the benefit that screening allows an instant confirmation of a negative result. 11. Handling confirmed positive results 11.1 A positive laboratory analysis will be subject to medical review, as explained more fully in Appendix G. Medical review involves a medical practitioner reviewing the test result and the medical history of the individual to determine if there is a legitimate explanation for the presence of a drug in the sample. 11.2 Test results following laboratory analysis and medical review will be returned to the Detective Inspector, CCU and/or Head of Professional Standards. Where the result is negative the officer and his or her manager should be informed without delay. It is particularly important that a confirmed