is this ability to use force that shapes all other aspects of police practice. given this distinction, it is surprising that we still know relatively little about how, when, and under what circumstances police officers use force (Engel and Serpas 2017; garner et al. 2018). As of this writing, the best available national databases capturing fatal police-citizen encounters are not compiled by government officials, but by reporters from The Guardian and the Washington Post (Sherman 2018; zimring 2017). Most notable of the findings from these data sources are as follows: Over half of all fatal police shootings occur in small jurisdictions with fewer than 50,000 residents, and only one-third occur in cities with popu- lations greater than 250,000 residents (Sherman 2018). There was no firearm present in 44 percent of fatal police shootings (zimring 2017). When compared to the national population, African Americans are 2.3 times more likely to be killed by police than whites (zimring 2017). Combined, these quantitative findings support the narratives generated through the sharing and resharing of individual images and videos of police-citizen encounters that have resulted in tragedy. What these figures do not provide, how- ever, is an understanding of the details regarding the individual, situational, envi- ronmental, and organizational factors likely to impact officer’s decision-making during encounters with citizens. Despite this lack of information, zimring (2017) boldly predicts that fatal interactions with police could be cut in half without com- promising officer safety. He bases this prediction, in part, on the large estimated percentage of fatal encounters with police where the suspect does not have a firearm. Referring to these fatal encounters as “unnecessary killings,” zimring and others argue that systematic changes in policing, implemented at the national level, could reduce citizen injury and death (Sherman 2018). Within a nation that claims approximately eighteen thousand distinct police organizations with little consistency in training, policies, and practices (Reaves 2011), the prospect of implementing significant police reform systematically is daunting. For police shootings specifically, it is even more challenging to impact individual officer decision-making during potentially violent encounters. Sherman (2018) argues for employing a system-accident framework to drive appropriate policies and research necessary to reduce fatal encounters with police. Similarly, David Klinger (2005, this volume) has renewed his proposal to use Perrow’s (1984) normal accidents framework to guide understanding of violent police- citizen encounters. Further, zimring (this volume) argues that creating a statisti- cal and research branch within the federal government is likely the only way to implement needed police reforms designed to reduce police killings. 150 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy In contrast to the apparent logic of these recommendations, our premise is that the decentralized nature of policing in the united States will make many efforts to reduce officer shootings at the federal and state levels ineffective. Even when mandated or otherwise influenced by oversight at the state or federal lev- els, meaningful changes in police practice must be implemented and embraced at the local level. Citizens intuitively recognize this. Although there is