detained person's condition or behaviour. Rights 20M (1) Where a review officer authorises continued detention the officer must inform the detained personÑ (a) of any of the detained person's rights under paragraphs 6 and 7 which have not yet been exercised, and (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Port and border controls Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 235 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) if the exercise of any of those rights is being delayed in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 8, of the fact that it is being delayed. (2) Where a review of a person's detention is being carried out at a time when the person's exercise of a right under paragraph 6 or 7 is being delayedÑ (a) the review officer must consider whether the reason or reasons for which the delay was authorised continue to subsist, and (b) if in the review officer's opinion the reason or reasons have ceased to subsist, the review officer must inform the officer who authorised the delay of that opinion (unless the review officer was that officer). (3) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for the references to paragraphs 6, 7 and 8 substitute references to paragraph 16. Record 20N (1) A review officer carrying out a review must make a written record of the outcome of the review and of any of the following which applyÑ (a) the fact that the officer is satisfied that continued detention is necessary for the purposes of exercising a power under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7, (b) the fact that the detained person has been informed as required under paragraph 20M(1), (c) the officer's conclusion on the matter considered under paragraph 20M(2)(a), and (d) the fact that the officer has taken action under paragraph 20M(2) (b). (2) The review officer must inform the detained person whether the officer is authorising continued detention, and if so that the officer is satisfied that continued detention is necessary for the purposes of exercising a power under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7. (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not apply where the detained person isÑ (a) incapable of understanding what is said, (b) violent or likely to become violent, or (c) in urgent need of medical attention.Ó Codes of practice 8 (1) Schedule 14 to the Terrorism Act 2000 (exercise of powersÑcodes of practice etc) is amended as follows. 1 236 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 10 Ð Powers of community support officers Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act