description is required, including (if applicable) quantities, etc. Value: Approximate value should be recorded if the full value is not known. Donor Details: As much detail as possible should be entered here regarding the person(s) who made the offer of a gift or hospitality. Circumstances: The applicant should record sufficient detail to identify time and location, reason for being at the location and, if the donor is known to the applicant, how they know them (For example: the donor was a witness or victim in a case dealt by the applicant, a resident on the applicantÕs regular beat or the Head teacher of a local school frequented by the applicant as part of community engagement). Genuine: Is the offer made for reasons of genuine appreciation for something the applicant has done? Why is the offer being made? The applicant must ask themselves whether they have solicited the offer in any way or whether the donor feels obliged to make the offer. Independent: Would the offer or acceptance be seen as reasonable in the eyes of the public and would a bystander remain confident that the applicant could remain impartial and independent as a result? Free: The applicant must not feel obliged to do something in return. What are the donorÕs expectations of the applicant in return? Transparent: Would the applicant feel comfortable if the details of their acceptance were made known to the public, colleagues or the Force? Authorising Officer: Remember, the authorising officer must be the Detective Inspector CCU, or Head of Professional Standards or a supervisor of at least the rank of Inspector/Staff equivalent. Disposal/Current Location: If a gift was accepted, the method of disposal or place where it is stored should be clearly described. When items are accepted prior to authorisation and are not perishable (see 6 and 7 below), they should be stored in a secure place on Police premises and the exact location should be noted on the register. 3. ASSESSING OFFERS OF GIFTS AND HOSPITALITY. During the course of their duties within the community, police officers and staff may occasionally be offered gifts or hospitality which do not in any circumstances amount to a breach of integrity on the part of either party. Examples of such include the provision of light refreshments as a common courtesy in line with policing duties, inexpensive promotional products from partnerships or conferences, or discounts aimed at all members of the wider police community. There is no requirement to record such gifts and hospitality. While offers of gifts and hospitality should be assessed on a case by case basis, gifts or gratuities that could compromise impartiality should never be accepted. At the point of an offer being made, any member of Wiltshire Police must ask themselves the following questions: - What are the background circumstances? - What are the motivations of the person making the offer? - Does the donor feel obliged to make the offer? - What would the perception of the public be should the gift or