motor vehicles Vehicles used in manner causing alarm, distress or annoyance Where a constable in uniform has reasonable grounds for believing that a motor vehicle is being used on any occasion in a manner which— contravenes section 3 or 34 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52) (careless and inconsiderate driving and prohibition of off-road driving), and is causing, or is likely to cause, alarm, distress or annoyance to members of the public, he shall have the powers set out in subsection (3). A constable in uniform shall also have the powers set out in subsection (3) where he has reasonable grounds for believing that a motor vehicle has been used on any occasion in a manner falling within subsection (1). Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 121 Those powers are— power, if the motor vehicle is moving, to order the person driving it to stop the vehicle; power to seize and remove the motor vehicle; power, for the purposes of exercising a power falling within paragraph (a) or (b), to enter any premises on which he has reasonable grounds for believing the motor vehicle to be; power to use reasonable force, if necessary, in the exercise of any power conferred by any of paragraphs to (a) to (c). A constable shall not seize a motor vehicle in the exercise of the powers conferred on him by this section unless— he has warned the person appearing to him to be the person whose use falls within subsection (1) that he will seize it, if that use continues or is repeated; and it appears to him that the use has continued or been repeated after the warning. Subsection (4) does not require a warning to be given by a constable on any occasion on which he would otherwise have the power to seize a motor vehicle under this section if— the circumstances make it impracticable for him to give the warning; the constable has already on that occasion given a warning under that subsection in respect of any use of that motor vehicle or of another motor vehicle by that person or any other person; the constable has reasonable grounds for believing that such a warning has been given on that occasion otherwise than by him; or the constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the person whose use of that motor vehicle on that occasion would justify the seizure is a person to whom a warning under that subsection