make a commitment to respond to the risk of domestic abuse and build an approach that ensures all employees feel supported and empowered by their workplace to deal with domestic abuse. The Equality and Human Rights Commission and the Chartered Institute for Personnel Development have also published a guide for employers on managing and supporting Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance employees experiencing domestic abuse, which outlines what a framework of support may look like. UNISON has also produced a model workplace agreement on domestic violence and abuse. Employers may access Hestia’s Respond to Abuse Employer’s Advice Line and digital tool, which is available to any business or organisation in the United Kingdom who would like free guidance and information regarding how to support employees enduring domestic abuse in the workplace. See Annex A for a list of support available for victims. Financial services Control – through restriction, exploitation or sabotage – of finances is a significant part of economic abuse. The VAWG National Statement of Expectations recommends that local commissioners explore what local financial institutions are doing to identify and support victims of coercive control, including whether they can provide a safe disclosure point for a victim. See section on ‘Economic abuse’ for further information. In 2015, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), which regulates the financial services industry in the UK and helps protect consumers, published research203 to challenge firms to better support vulnerable customers. The FCA has worked with stakeholders to ensure that vulnerable consumers are consistently treated fairly across financial services sectors. Following a consultation process, the FCA finalised guidance for firms on the fair treatment of vulnerable customers. This guidance identifies that alongside other characteristics certain life events, including relationship breakdown and domestic abuse, can increase the risk of consumers becoming vulnerable to different types of harm or disadvantage. It highlights actions firms should take to understand the needs of consumers in these circumstances to make sure they are treated fairly. In recognising the role that financial services play in responding to domestic abuse UK Finance and the Building Societies Association have established a Financial Abuse Code. The voluntary Code sets out how participating banks and building societies should support customers who are victims of domestic and financial or economic abuse. It is also designed to extend to other forms of abuse – i.e. abuse by people that are not connected as defined by the 2021 Act – for example elder abuse by carers who are not “personally connected” to the victim. The Code aims to bring increased awareness and better understanding of what financial abuse looks like for firms, colleagues (e.g. customer facing staff), and those impacted by financial abuse. A growing number of financial institutions and associated brands, representing a large proportion of current accounts, have signed up to the Code since its launch. They are implementing the principles set out in the Code, improving how they support 203 FCA. Occasional Paper No. 8: Consumer Vulnerability: 2015. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance customers