The person conducting the interview should not try to obtain answers or elicit a statement by the use of oppression. 187. 207. Before concluding the interview, the person conducting the interview should ask the interviewee if they have any complaint to make about anything which has taken place at the interview. 208. If a question and answer record has been taken of the interview because it was not tape-recorded, the person conducting the interview should afford the interviewee the opportunity to read the record. If the interviewee is for any reason unable to read the note or if the interviewee declines to do so the person conducting the interview should read, or cause it to be read aloud. The person conducting the interview should invite the interviewee to comment on the note and will add to it any comments made. The interviewee should be invited to sign the note. The person conducting the interview should then record the time in the presence of the interviewee. If the interviewee is unable for any reason to sign the note they may authorise any person present at the interview to sign it on their behalf. Where the interviewee refuses to sign the note, or to have it signed on their behalf, the person conducting the interview should record that fact and any reason given for the refusal on the note and have the note countersigned by a senior officer. 209. Whenever this Code requires a person to be given certain information, they do not have to be given it if they are incapable at the time of understanding what is said to them, or are violent or likely to become violent or are in urgent need of medical attention, but they should be given it as soon as practicable. Recording interviews 210. Interviews should be recorded by recording media (but see paragraph 227). Recording media is any removable, physical audio recording medium (such as magnetic type, optical disc, or solid state memory) which can be played and copied Ð it includes audio tapes, recordable discs and video tapes. A record of certain matters arising from the interview should also be made contemporaneously. The matters to be recorded in the note are listed at the end of this section. 211. Recording of interviews should be carried out openly to instil confidence in its reliability as an impartial and accurate record of the interview. 212. One form of record that shall be the master record should be sealed before it leaves the presence of the interviewee. A second form of record will be used as a working copy. Interviews to be recorded in writing 213. The person conducting the interview may authorise that the interview is not recorded where it is not reasonably practicable to do so. This could be due to failure of the equipment or lack of a suitable interview room or recorder 187. if the person conducting the interview has reasonable grounds for considering that the interview should not be delayed until