there is reasonable cause to suspect the person is an adult at risk and to take appropriate action. Chapter 4: Working Together to Tackle FGM This chapter provides information for heads of organisations, third parties exercising public protection functions, and front- line professionals. Key points • No single professional can have a full picture of an individualÕs needs and circumstances. To ensure that women and girls affected by FGM receive the right help at the right time, everyone who comes into contact with them has a role to play. • ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ (2018) in England or ÔWorking Together to Safeguard People: Volume 5- handling individual cases to protect children at riskÕ (2018) in Wales sets out the requirements and expectations on individual services and professionals to provide a multi-agency response to safeguard and promote the welfare of children. This document does not attempt to duplicate this guidance, and should be considered alongside other relevant guidance on safeguarding children and vulnerable adults. • Wherever possible, professionals should actively seek and support ways to reduce the prevalence of FGM in practising communities in the UK. Agencies should consider how preventative work, delivered by community organisations/community change advocates, can be embedded within their organisationÕs work on protection, with a focus on involving community support for girls and families at risk. 4.1. Introduction FGM is illegal. It is child abuse and a form of violence against women and girls and should therefore be treated as such. It should be addressed using existing structures, policies and procedures designed to safeguard children and vulnerable adults. All bodies to which this guidance applies need to work effectively with one another, and with other relevant organisations to address FGM. 4.2. A Strategic Response / Actions for Heads of Organisations Heads of relevant organisations should ensure that: Roles and responsibilities • their organisation has a lead person whose role includes responsibility for FGM (this will often be the designated safeguarding lead). This person should have relevant experience, expertise and knowledge. Their role should include ensuring that cases of FGM are handled, monitored and recorded properly; • there is a member of the organisation who has undertaken additional training and can be approached to discuss and direct difficult cases (this may be the Ôlead personÕ mentioned above); • their staff understand their role in protecting those who have undergone or are at risk of abuse, including FGM; • their staff know to whom they should refer cases within their organisation and when to refer cases to other agencies; • their staff understand the importance of timely information sharing both internally and with other agencies; Policies and procedures • there are policies and procedures in place to protect those who have undergone or are at risk of FGM. The policies and procedures should be in line with existing statutory and non-statutory guidance on safeguarding children and vulnerable adults. These policies and procedures must reflect multi-agency working arrangements; and • policies and procedures are kept under review and updated