be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes after “chairman”, wherever it occurs, there shall be inserted “ or vice-chairman ”. In paragraph 24 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act, paragraph 19 of Schedule 2A to that Act and paragraph 16 of Schedule 2 to the 1997 Act (validity of acts)— after “of chairman”, in each case, there shall be inserted, “ by a vacancy for a vice-chairman ”; and after “as chairman”, in each case, there shall be inserted “ or vice-chairman ”. In paragraph 25 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (allowances for members of police authorities)— in sub-paragraph (1), after “chairman” there shall be inserted “ , vice-chairmen ”; and in sub-paragraph (2), after “chairman,” there shall be inserted “ a vice- chairman, ”. In paragraph 20 of Schedule 2A to the 1996 Act (allowances for members of the Metropolitan Police Authority etc.)— in sub-paragraph (1), after “chairman” there shall be inserted “ , vice-chairmen ”; and in sub-paragraph (3), after “chairman,” there shall be inserted “ a vice- chairman, ”. F230. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In paragraph 6B(b) of Schedule 12 to the Local Government Act 1972 (c. 70) (persons to preside in the case of a police authority in the absence of the chairman), for the words from “another member” to “preside” there shall be substituted “the following person shall preside— in a case in which only one vice-chairman is present at the meeting, that vice-chairman; in a case in which more than one vice-chairman is present at the meeting, the vice-chairman chosen by the members present; and in any other case, the member chosen by the members present;”. Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 87 Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Political balance on police authorities In paragraph 4(1) of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (balance of parties on council to be reflected in appointments to police authority), for the words from “the members for” onwards there shall be substituted “in the case of the members for whose appointment it is responsible, the proportion who are members of any given party— where it is a council that is responsible for