(where there is evidence that gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing occurs at particular times); undertake job-preparedness coaching or any other coaching sessions; attend a Ôcall-inÕ (as part of a wider programme of activities), or any other requirements as the court sees fit. The 2009 Act allows for maximum flexibility on this point to enable positive activities to be tailored to each case and address the respondentÕs individual circumstances, behaviour and needs. The positive requirements should help the applicant and partner agencies work together to ensure that by the time the injunction comes to an end, the respondent is better equipped to exit and stay out of a gang lifestyle, and has a realistic understanding of alternatives to being part of a violent gang. Pre-application consultations should explore the options for positive requirements, including considering the types of positive activities that are available in the local area, how these might help prevent gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing in the particular case of the respondent, and how compliance with such activities could be monitored and enforced. Applicants will need to be in a position to present clear evidence to the court showing that any positive requirements are available, funded and appropriate for the respondent. In addition, applicants will need to be able to show who will be responsible for the provision of the activity or monitoring the requirement and how compliance will be enforced. The best evidence is likely to be documentation from the agency responsible for providing the proposed requirement with an assessment of the respondentÕs suitability for participation in that requirement. 8.4. Power of arrest The court can attach the power of arrest to any injunction prohibition or requirement, except the requirement that the respondent participates in a particular activity. The 2009 Act is framed in this way because it was not considered proportionate to have an automatic power of arrest for non- attendance at mentoring sessions or other particular activities. In these circumstances, it was considered more appropriate to rely on the applicantÕs ability to apply for a warrant of arrest under section 44 of the 2009 Act or the ability to commence breach proceedings (see section 12.4 below) whereby the respondent will be served with the application notice for an order of committal. In the same way that applicants will need to consider which prohibitions and requirements are most appropriate in each case, they will also need to consider, and recommend to the court, which of these should carry a power of arrest. If applicants think it appropriate for a power of arrest to be attached to any prohibition or requirement, they should support this by way of written evidence 25 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing demonstrating why the power is necessary and proportionate. Such evidence may indicate that there is a high level of risk that the respondent will breach the conditions of the injunction (e.g. evidence of previous non-compliance with other police or court orders), as well as