relief or make any order as it thinks appropriate.13 Enforcement by Ministers 13.39. In a particular case, the Government may not be satisfied with the information received from a Category 1 or 2 responder, about the performance of its duties, or with the explanation given for non compliance. In these circumstances, the Minister may choose to take enforcement proceedings in the High Court or Court of Session.14 13.40. As with the powers to monitor performance, court proceedings will usually be taken by the Minister with lead responsibility for civil contingencies. However, all proposals to do so would be developed in close collaboration with relevant lead government departments and the Devolved Administrations and agreed between departments and administrations with an interest. Enforcement under other legislation 13.41. Other resilience legislation is monitored and enforced under the terms of that legislation. See Chapter 19 on The Fit with Other Legislation. Liaison with the Devolved Administrations 13.42. The Act requires a Minister of the Crown to consult Welsh Ministers before making any legislation, issuing any guidance, issuing any direction or bringing any proceedings in relation to a Category 1 or 2 responder in Wales.15 The Act also requires a Minister of the Crown to obtain the consent of Welsh Ministers 13 S 10(2) and S 11(2) 14 S 10(1)(a) and S 11 (1)(a) 15 S 16(1) PAGE 18 before undertaking such action in relation to a Category 1 or 2 responder which has functions that are devolved.16 13.43 13.44. 13.45. The Act requires a Minister of the Crown to consult the Scottish Ministers when making legislation in relation to Category 1 or 2 responders in Scotland. The Act requires a Minister of the Crown to consult the Northern Ireland Department of Justice when making regulations or an order in relation to the PSNI. A Minister of the Crown may only make regulations in relation to the non-devolved functions of the PSNI. Where the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland proposes to make regulations or an order in relation to the devolved functions of the PSNI, the Act requires that it consult a Minister of the Crown. Ministers of the Crown will consult the Devolved Administrations when considering monitoring and enforcement action. 16 S 16(2)-(4) PAGE 19 Chapter 14 The Role of the Voluntary Sector Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme October 2011 Chapter 14 (The Role of the Voluntary Sector) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version Summary • The voluntary sector has an important role to play in supporting the statutory services in the planning, response and recovery phases of most emergencies (paragraph 14.1). • Category 1 responders who include the voluntary sector in their local planning arrangements will make the overall response more accessible and effective throughout the community. This is not just good practice: the Regulations require Category 1 responders to have regard to the contribution of the voluntary sector. This includes considering how the voluntary sector can be involved at every stage, including training and exercising to respond to