the Regulations establish one pan-London LRF covering all of London1 , incorporating the Metropolitan Police and City of London Police areas. 9.3. The LRF will operate in much the same way as LRFs elsewhere, working to the model set out in Chapter 2. Borough Resilience Forums (BRF) 9.4. As elsewhere, the LRF will maintain a Chief Officer Group, however, there are very distinct areas in London, each with specific emergency planning considerations which will require planning at a more local level than that of pan-London. For this reason, the revised Regulations specify that the London LRF must include, in respect of each borough, a BRF that meets at least once every six months. 1 This is the area comprised of Òthe areas of the London boroughs, the City and the TemplesÓ and defined as Greater London in s2(1) London Government Act 1963 The BRFs will primarily facilitate co-operation and information sharing at the operational level between local authorities and the emergency services, and should not duplicate the work of the LRF. They may refer issues to the LRF multi-borough tier, as appropriate. The role of the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority 9.5. Unlike other areas, the Regulations provide that LondonÕs local authorities will be supported in discharging their duties under the Act by the Fire and Rescue Authority - in this case, the London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority (LFEPA).2 LFEPA will take on a number of distinct tasks which might otherwise have been taken on by local authorities. 9.6. LFEPA will carry out certain emergency planning activities. In particular, LFEPA will support pan-London local authority arrangements: o Local authority ÔGoldÕ: In the event of the most serious emergencies in London, local authorities would need to work closely together and operate in a consistent way. To deliver this, they have agreed to pool decision-making authority and place it with a single chief executive who will speak for local authorities as the pan-London response is managed. LFEPA will maintain these arrangements, keeping them updated through review and revision. o Control centre: In order to support local authority ÔGoldÕ, planning will have to be maintained to deliver an effective control centre. Should local authority ÔGoldÕ arrangements be required, the centre would collect and disseminate information, and facilitate the collective decision-making process. LFEPA will put in place and maintain these arrangements. o Provision of training to support pan-London arrangements: Certain elements of plans maintained under the Act will be consistent across all London boroughs, and this in turn leads to a consistency of training need. This need will be met by training programmes provided on request by LFEPA. o Provision of exercising of pan-London arrangements: Pan-London local authority plans need to be validated through exercising. LFEPA will design and deliver an annual programme of exercises to test these arrangements. This programme will include both local authority-only exercises, and multi-agency exercises in which local authority activities are engaged. 9.7. LFEPA is funded separately for this work, with funding top-sliced from London local authorities.