any barrel with a bore exceeding 2 inches in diameter either has no magazine (cartridge holder) or has a non-detachable magazine incapable of holding more than 2 cartridges is not a revolver gun Other smooth-bore guns may require a firearm certificate. It is, with certain statutory exceptions, an o?ence for a person to possess, purchase, or acquire any shotgun without holding a shotgun certificate. A shotgun uses cartridges containing shot as ammunition and is typically used for clay pigeon shooting or for the control of vermin. Shotgun certificate The certificate includes the description of the shotguns including, if known, the identification number of the guns. Section 1 shotgun Contains a magazine holding more than 2 rounds. This is held on a firearm certificate. Section 2 shotgun May have a magazine restricted to no more than 2 rounds. This is held on a shotgun certificate. Sound moderator An accessory to a lethal barrelled weapon or a prohibited weapon, designed to diminish the noise or flash caused by firing the weapon. Temporary permit Chief o?cers of Police are authorised by section 7 of the Firearms Act 1968 to issue temporary permits in certain limited circumstances to temporarily enable the possession of firearms or shotguns where it may not be necessary or desirable to issue a certificate or, exceptionally, where a certificate holderÕs application for renewal of a firearm and or shotgun certificate cannot be processed before the certificate expires. In addition, a temporary permit may be issued to authorise the temporary possession of firearms, shotguns or ammunition by a relative, executor of a will or receiver or liquidator of a bankruptÕs estate. VisitorsÕ permit The 1968 Act allows the sponsor of a visitor to Great Britain to apply for a permit on their behalf allowing the visitor to possess a firearm, shotgun or ammunition without a firearm or shotgun certificate. A sponsor may be a private individual or the representative of for example, a club, shooting syndicate, country estate or national shooting organisation. Permits cannot exceed 12 months. VisitorsÕ permits are usually granted to allow the holder to attend organised shoots, such as deer stalking or competitive target shooting events. Group applications may be made for up to 20 people (section 17 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988). 3. Legislation and regulations The Home O?ce g uide on firearms licensing law provides guidance on firearms licensing legislation. It is not a definitive statement of the law, but should be read alongside the statutory g uidance for chief o?cers of police. 3.1 Possession of firearms by persons previously convicted of crime A person sentenced to a term of imprisonment for 3 years or more cannot possess firearms, shotguns, antique firearms, or ammunition for life. A person sentenced to a term of imprisonment for 3 months or more but less than 3 years cannot possess firearms, shotguns, antique firearms, or ammunition until 5 years after the date of their release. A person with a suspended sentence of 3 months or more must not possess