businesses and other enterprises such as charities can receive the services in this Code and make an impact statement where a criminal offence has been committed against them, subject to provision of a named point of contact to the relevant service provider. More information about how to make an Impact Statement for Business is available at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/impact- statements-for-business/impact-statements-for-business-guidance 3 For the purposes of this Code a Ôcriminal offenceÕ means an offence that is committed, or subject to criminal proceedings, in England and Wales. 4 This normally refers to the spouse, the partner, the relatives in direct line, the siblings and the dependants of the victim. Other family members, including guardians and carers, may be considered close relatives at the discretion of the service provider. 5 Unless the parent or guardian is under investigation or has been charged by the police in connection with the crime or if, in the reasonable opinion of the service provider involved, it is not in the victimÕs best interests for your parent or guardian to receive such services. 1 How can I expect to be treated? You have the Right to: ? be treated with respect, dignity, sensitivity, compassion and courtesy; ? make informed choices that are fully respected; ? have your privacy respected by service providers in accordance with their obligations under the relevant privacy and data protection laws; and ? have services provided to assist you and your family to understand and engage with the criminal justice process and that are offered in a professional manner, without discrimination of any kind. Support for witnesses If you have suffered harm, including physical, mental or emotional harm or economic loss, as a direct result of witnessing a crime, you are a victim of crime for the purposes of this Code and are able to access services that support victims. You do not need to have provided a statement to or been interviewed by the police, or be required to attend court as a witness. All other witnesses can access services provided under the Witness Charter,6 rather than under this Code. Resident status You have the Right to services under this Code regardless of your resident status. However, if the crime was committed in England or Wales but you live elsewhere, you should access support services where you live. If you are required to give evidence in court in England or Wales, you will be able to access support services while you are in England or Wales. Families bereaved7 by murder or manslaughter abroad Families bereaved by murder or manslaughter of a British national committed outside of the United Kingdom should contact the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office. They provide support and information about processes in the country where the incident occurred, including repatriation of the deceased. They may also be able to refer the deceasedÕs family to specialist support services. Further information is available by calling: 020 7008 50008 or at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/ helping-british-people-abroad-murder-and-manslaughter There is a Memorandum of Understanding to help clarify the role of