as a student ambassador for the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy. In her free time, she enjoys thrifting, analyzing film and media, attending concerts, and cooking. Jack Turner Õ26, Assistant Center Director for Environmental & Technology Policy Jack is a junior majoring in Public Policy, and joined CPG in Fall 2023. He is most interested in the intersection of transportation and infrastructure policy aimed at improving mobility for all. Outside of CPG, Jack loves to spend time outdoors, especially on a bike or through running. He is especially passionate about long-distance running and can frequently be found at the Cornell Running Club which he is the Co-VP of, or working in Rhodes Hall on a CUSD project team Bingsong Li Ô26, Center Director for Foreign Policy Bingsong Li is a junior studying Government and Information Science. Joining CPG as a foreign policy analyst in Spring 2022 and becoming Center Director in Spring 2023, Bing is fascinated by the intersection between foreign policy and technology. Bing conducts computational social sciences research in Bowers CIS and can also be found in Cornell Writing Centers, POLIS, and the Translator Interpretor Program. Olivia LaBonte Ô26, Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy Olivia is a junior, majoring in Government in the College of Arts and Sciences. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Center of Foreign Policy and now serves as the Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy. Olivia is interested in human rights, atrocity prevention, and security policy. Outside of CPG, she is a member of the Cornell University Parole Initiative Krystlove Yeboah Ô27, Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy Krystlove is Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy. She is a sophomore in the College of Arts and Sciences majoring in Government and Sociology. Outside of CPG, she is a Research Fellow for the Brooks School of Public PolicyÕs Center for Global Democracy and a Student Career Advisor. Her policy interests include civic engagement and economic development in Sub-Saharan Africa Kaitlyn Z Varriale Ô25, Center Director for Healthcare Policy Kaitlyn is a senior, majoring in Healthcare Policy in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in Fall 2022 as an analyst for the Center of Healthcare Policy and now serves as the Healthcare Center Director. Kaitlyn is interested in pioneering and managing a more equitable, efficient, and high-quality healthcare system and strategically pairing health justice and optimal operations through an administratorÕs lens. Zo‘ O'Halloran Ô27, Assistant Center Director for Healthcare Policy Zo‘ O'Halloran is a sophomore in the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy studying Health Care Policy on a pre- medical track. She joined CPG in Spring 2024 as a Healthcare Policy Analyst and now serves as the Assistant Center Director for the Healthcare Policy Center. Zo‘Õs policy interests include the regulation of pharmaceutical development and international healthcare policy. Outside of CPG, Zo‘ is the Treasurer of the Cornell Chapter of The Diabetes Link and a member of a pre-professional chemistry fraternity. She is