electrical equipment but will almost certainly render that equipment useless. Because they do not cool the fire appreciably it can re-ignite. Powder extinguishers can create a loss of visibility and may affect people who have breathing problems, and are not generally suitable for enclosed spaces. Carbon dioxide extinguishers (black) This type of extinguisher is particularly suitable for fires involving electrical equipment as they will extinguish a fire without causing any further damage (accept in the case of some electronic equipment e.g. computers). As with all fires involving electrical equipment, the power should be disconnected if possible. 58 Class ÔFÕ extinguishers This type of extinguisher is particularly suitable for commercial catering establishments with deep-fat fryers. Selection, installation and maintenance of portable fire extinguishers All portable fire extinguishers will require periodic inspection, maintenance and testing. Depending on local conditions such as the likelihood of vandalism or the environment where extinguishers are located, carry out brief checks to ensure that they remain serviceable. In normal conditions a monthly check should be enough. Maintenance by a competent person should be carried out annually. New fire extinguishers should comply with BS EN 3-7.79 Guidance on the selection and installation of fire extinguishers can be found in BS 5306-8,18 for maintenance, BS 5306-319 and for colour coding in BS 7863.20 Fire blankets Fire blankets should be located in the vicinity of the fire hazard they are to be used on, but in a position that can be safely accessed in the event of a fire. They are classified as either light duty or heavy duty. Light-duty fire blankets are suitable for dealing with small fires in containers of cooking oils or fats and fires involving clothing. Heavy-duty fire blankets are for industrial use where there is a need for the blankets to resist penetration by molten materials. 3.2 Fixed firefighting installations These are firefighting systems which are normally installed within the structure of the building. They may already be provided in your premises or you may be considering them as a means of protecting some particularly dangerous or risk-critical area as part of your risk-reduction strategy. Hose reels Permanent hose reels (Figure 20) installed in accordance with the relevant British Standard (BS EN 671-3: 200021) provide an effective firefighting facility. They may offer an alternative, or be in addition to, portable firefighting equipment. A concern is that untrained people will stay and fight a fire when escape is the safest option. Where hose reels are installed, and your fire risk assessment expects relevant staff to use them in the initial stages of a fire, they should receive appropriate training. Note: It is not safe to fight fires involving aerosols with hose reels. Maintenance of hose reels includes visual checks for leaks and obvious damage and should be carried out regularly. More formal maintenance checks should be carried out at least annually by a competent person. Figure 20: Hose reel Sprinkler systems Sprinkler systems can be very effective in controlling fires. They can be designed to protect