at which a person may be detained under Section 41 and Schedule 8 of TACT. Code H applies and section 27 and Schedule 6 of the National Security Act 2023 and Section 27 and Schedule 6 of the National Security Act 2023 and Code I apply (Schedule 6, paragraph 1(1) of the National Security Act 2023). Read more about the designation of a police station. Lawful arrest Section 41 of TACT provides that a constable may arrest without a warrant a person whom he reasonably suspects to be a terrorist. Section 40 of TACT provides that a "terrorist" means a person who: (a) has committed an offence under any of sections 11, 12, 15 to 18, 54 and 56 to 63 of TACT, or (b) is or has been concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Section 27 of the National Security Act provides that a constable may arrest without a warrant anyone who the constable reasonably suspects is, or has been, involved in foreign power threat activity. Sections 31-33 of the National Security Act define the foreign power condition and foreign power threat activity. Read more about lawful arrest. Arrival at station The detainee may be booked in by the custody officer in a cell or booking-in area depending on the design of the suite. A forensic cell pod should be used if the detainee needs to be forensically searched and examined. Read more about arrival at the station. Necessity to detain During the booking-in process, the custody officer does not have to consider the following as it is the responsibility of the inspector who conducts the first review: the grounds for detention whether to grant bail whether to authorise or refuse detention The inspector is required to review the necessity to detain as soon as practicable (see TACT Schedule 8, paragraphs 21 to 28). The same review requirement applies to Section 27 National Security Act detainees (see National Security Act 2003, Schedule 6, paragraphs 29 to 36). Note: the Ôdetention not authorisedÕ paragraph also does not apply to a TACT/ section 27 National Security Act detainee during the booking-in process. Read more about necessity to detain. Medical attention A TACT or section 27 National Security Act 2023 detainee will be subject to medical examination as soon as practicable after arrival. They will also be offered a medical examination on release. Code H, paragraph 9.1 of PACE states that a TACT detainee who has been held for more than 96 hours must be visited by an appropriate healthcare professional (HCP) at least once every 24 hours. Code I, paragraph 9, sets out the same requirement for section 27 National Security Act detainees. Counter Terrorism Policing Headquarters (CTPHQ) and wider CT policing, however, routinely go beyond this minimum requirement and offer an examination on a daily basis after arrival. Read more about medical attention. Considerations for decision making (urgent interviews) In a TACT context, see paragraph 11.11 and paragraph 6.7(b)(i) of PACE Code H. In a