the Act should be regarded as a fallback rather than as the first option. 3.10. Where it is necessary to resort to the formal request process, one or more Category 1 or 2 responders will request the information and one or more will receive the request. They are known respectively as Òthe requesting Category 1 or 2 responderÓ 6 and Òthe receiving Category 1 or 2 responder.Ó Where the information is required by a number of Category 1 responders, the request may be co-ordinated through the LRF or LRF members may agree on a lead responder co-ordinating such a request. In addition, any multi- Local Resilience Forum groups may facilitate the co-ordination of such requests from across more than one LRF area. 4 regulation 47(3)(b) 5 regulation 47 6 regulation 47 In Wales, this role is undertaken by the Wales Resilience Forum (WRF). This co-ordinated approach to information sharing should reduce the burden on those agencies from whom information is requested. Before making a request, first, the Category 1 or 2 responder must be satisfied that it does not already hold the information, either by virtue of a previous request or because of informal information exchange. Category 1 and 2 responders should, as a consequence, marshal the information they hold in such a way as to ensure they can make a judgement on this point. 3.11. Secondly, the Category 1 or 2 responder must satisfy itself that the information is not reasonably accessible to the public Ð that is to say, is not published by the Category 1 or 2 responder as part of its wider information policy. Examples of this would include material made available in annual reports or accounts, or material on websites (both those of individual Category 1 or 2 responders and general websites with generic information). 3.12. Thirdly, the Category 1 or 2 responder must satisfy itself that the information cannot be obtained by other means. This includes all forms of informal dialogue and information sharing, and obliges Category 1 and 2 responders to work together in the first instance to agree information flows that meet the need of those organisations involved. To assist the process LRFs are strongly advised to develop information sharing protocols. These should recognise any pre-existing organisational relationships and will include many of the informal information sharing agreements that exist at the local level. Category 1 and 2 responders also have or may have pre-existing requirements on them under other legislation (including, for example, their licence conditions from a regulator, 3.1. or by direction of a minister) to assess risk and to prepare planning arrangements for emergencies. This may mean that relationships and information-sharing routes are already established. Where possible, these should be built on and complemented, rather than duplicated. Formal procedures for requesting information 3.13. In any instance of information sharing, one or more Category 1 or 2 responders will request the information and one or more will receive the request. They are known respectively as Òthe requesting responderÓ and Òthe