is required, when called, to give evidence before the Parliamentary Public Accounts Committee and the relevant Select Committee. As a standalone regulator it has greater transparency and clearer accountability. 79. The changes being proposed will transform the way in which consumer regulation is conducted and we will expect the Regulator of Social Housing to develop a strategy for appropriate and ongoing publicity to make tenants aware of what it does and how to get in touch. We will also expect the regulator to be more transparent in how it works and to have greater engagement with tenants. 80. It is important that the regulator has the right level of oversight to embed the enhanced consumer regulation role in its organisation. It is also important that the people providing this oversight bring a diversity of thought, background and experience, to better reflect the diverse needs and views of social tenants. To facilitate this, we will: • Broaden the skills mix and diversity of Board Members, ensuring that more Board Members have consumer regulation experience. • Work with the Regulator of Social Housing to make sure it is resourced and able to recruit the right new staff with diverse backgrounds and skills, including at senior levels. • Legislate to require the Regulator of Social Housing to set up an Advisory Committee to provide independent and unbiased advice to the regulator on discharging its functions. This committee will not be a decision-making body, but the regulator will be expected to seek its views on specific regulatory matters Ð such as on any changes to its consumer or economic standards or making the regulator a more transparent organisation. These changes will support the transformative change needed and build trust with tenants and social landlords across England. Robust economic regulation will be maintained 81. With an increasing consumer regulatory focus, it is important that we retain the current robust focus on economic regulation. Economic regulation ensures landlords are well-run and financially sound, to be sure that tenantsÕ homes are secure for the long term and that landlords can fund repairs and deliver effective services. Robust economic regulation has also reassured investors and given them confidence to invest considerable sums to help build new homes. 82. Through the Call for Evidence we heard that the economic regulatory framework is working effectively. Some respondents (particularly landlords) expressed concern about how changes to consumer regulation could dilute the strong economic focus. They were concerned that the skills and resources of the regulator would be stretched to deliver an expanded regulatory remit, weakening the economic regime and The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 43 undermining the new consumer regime. By ensuring the resources the regulator needs to deliver proactive consumer regulation are additional and that the people doing it have the appropriate skills, we will ensure that robust economic regulation is maintained. Adapting to new challenges 83. The Call for Evidence specifically asked about areas of economic regulation that might not be working or