amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 87 (1) Section 11 (pensions of certain persons transferring to different employment) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (8), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò police pension authority Ó. (3) After subsection (8) insertÑ Ò(9) In this section Òpolice pension authorityÓ meansÑ (a) the chief constable of any police force maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996; (b) the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis; (c) the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as a police authority; and (d) any police authority within the meaning of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967.Ó. 88 (1) Section 15 (superannuation of metropolitan civil staffs) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1), in paragraph (a)(i), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime or the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Ó. (3) For subsection (2) substituteÑ Ò(2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime shall have power to grant pensions or other benefits to or in respect of persons who are members of the metropolitan civil staffs by virtue of employment by that Office. (2ZA) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis shall have power to grant pensions or other benefits to or in respect of persons who are members of the metropolitan civil staffs by virtue of employment by the Commissioner.Ó. (4) In subsection (2A)Ñ (a) for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, and the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, Ó; (b) for ÒitÓ substitute Ò that Office or Commissioner Ó. (5) In subsection (6), for Òand with the Metropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò with the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, and with the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Ó. (6) In subsection (7), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime or the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Ó. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Firearms Act 1968 89 The Firearms Act 1968 is amended as follows. 271 90 In section 54 (application of Parts 1 and 2 to Crown servants), for subsection (3) (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) a civilian officer, orÓ. 91 In section 57 (interpretation), in subsection (4), for the definition of Òcivilian officerÓ substituteÑ ÒÒcivilian officerÓ meansÑ (a) as respects England and WalesÑ (i) a person employed by a chief constable established under section 2 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011, (ii) a person employed