The Secretary of State may by order provide for an enactment (or a description of enactments) to apply in relation toÑ (a) relevant persons, or (b) the exercise of functions by relevant persons, with such modifications as the Secretary of State considers necessary or expedient. (2) In this sectionÑ (a) Òrelevant personsÓ meansÑ (i) the Secretary of State by whom general customs functions are exercisable, (ii) the Director of Border Revenue, and (iii) designated customs officials, immigration officers and officials in the department of that Secretary of State, and (b) a reference to relevant persons includes a reference to any description of relevant persons. (3) An order under this section may, in particular, include provision for or in connection withÑ (a) extending to relevant persons an exemption or protection afforded by an enactment to any other description of persons; (b) providing for the disclosure of information to, or the doing of other things in relation to, relevant persons. (4) The Secretary of State must consult the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs before making an order under this section thatÑ (a) makes provision in relation to a general customs matter or a customs revenue matter, or (b) makes provision in relation to the exercise of a customs function. (a) 36 Power to make supplementary etc. provision (1) The Secretary of State may by order makeÑ (a) such incidental, supplementary or consequential provision, or (b) such transitional or transitory provision or savings, as the Secretary of State considers appropriate for the general purposes, or any particular purpose, of this Part, or in consequence of, or for giving full effect to, any provision made by or under this Part. (2) An order under subsection (1) may amend, repeal, revoke or otherwise modify any enactment (including this Act). (3) The power to make an order under subsection (1) includes power to repeal or revoke an enactment which is spent. (4) Nothing in this Part affects the generality of the power conferred by this section. 37 Subordinate legislation (1) Orders and regulations under this Part must be made by statutory instrument. (2) An order or regulations under this Part mayÑ (a) include incidental, supplementary and consequential provision; (b) make transitional or transitory provision or savings; (c) make different provision for different cases or circumstances. (3) A statutory instrument containing an order or regulations to which subsection (4) applies may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament. (4) This subsection applies toÑ (a) an order under section 2 (power of Secretary of State to modify functions); (b) an order under section 8 (power of Treasury to modify Director's functions); (c) regulations under section 16(8) (power to permit disclosure); (d) an order under section 23 (application of provisions about investigations and detention: England and Wales and Northern Ireland); (e) an order under section 35 (power to modify enactments); (f) an order under section 36 (power to make supplementary etc.