is currently studying for a M.St. in Criminology and Police Management at Cambridge University Abstract Purpose Ð The purpose of this research paper is to identify and understand the demand profile of a division of Lancashire Police Constabulary in order to assist Police administrators in the evaluation of demand and understanding of Policing response. Design/methodology/approach Ð Police data records regarding all offences within the Central Division of Lancashire Police Constabulary over the year of 2013 were examined. Descriptive statistics were used to identify the top ten demand addresses in five categories (residential, statutory bodies, retail, nightlife, and young peopleÕs services), and the incident classifications, time frames and response codes that were most associated with these addresses. Further content analysis was conducted on the top ten residential addresses in order to identify specific characteristics of residential demand. Findings - The majority of Lancashire Constabulary resources are being spent dealing with non-traditional police demand. The most demanding residents were found to have one or more of the following properties; (i) to be of white Ð Northern European origin, (ii) to be unemployed, (iii) to be associated with mental health issues, domestic violence incidents or substance abuse, and (iv) to have previously had other agency involvement. Practical Implications - These results indicate that the police could potentially reduce the demand for service by enhancing work within two key areas; partnership working and early intervention. Originality/value Ð In this time of austerity and police budget cuts, it is important to understand the demand on the UK police service in an attempt to reduce it. Keywords Ð UK; police; mixed methods; demand; resource management; partnership working; early intervention. Paper type Ð Research paper Introduction As a result of cuts to the police funding budget (HMIC, 2013), police administrators need to achieve a balance between reducing cost and maintenance of service quality whilst meeting service demands (Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014). Achieving such a balance is challenged by the polices expanding responsibilities, i.e. new roles in community policing, security, and emerging crimes such as cyber enabled crime, (College of Policing, 2015). Therefore, in order to strike an appropriate balance between competing priorities and tight budget constraints, police forces are seeking to identify major resource consumers in order to understand how they can be addressed to reduce the strain on the service. Traditionally, reported crime statistics have served as a basis for police resource management analyses as a measure of workload (Wilson, 2012). However recently, the College of Policing (2015) have reported that forces feel that the use of reported crime statistics in this way is inadequate: such statistics only reflect what is commonly referred to as Ôtraditional police businessÕ (typically associated with criminal offences and could rarely be solved by other agencies) and fail to consider that the ever increasing level of Ônon-traditional police businessÕ being dealt with by officers on a daily basis is also likely affect demand (Wilson, 2012). Despite evidence to suggest that crime has been decreasing since 1995 and that calls for