such declarations will be confidential to the Occupational Health Unit, and to the medical officer reviewing the result of a test. It is explicit within the medical declaration form that failure to disclose fully will be regarded as a failure of the test. Where a positive result occurs, failure to make a full disclosure on the pre-test medical questionnaire will not be a reason to negate the positive result. Testing of individuals for potential substance misuse may be carried out in the following circumstances: - > Testing with cause (i.e. where there is a reasonable suspicion of substance misuse, see section on testing with cause for further guidance). > Pre-employment screening and testing in the probationary period (see below paragraph for guidance) > Random screening of officers identified by the Chief Officer as being in a vulnerable or safety critical post. > As part of a random routine testing regime. Table of Contents Those applying for appointment as a police officer, except where on direct transfer from another force and police officer probationers will be liable to be randomly tested. In the nature of their duties, many individuals and particularly those working undercover will have close associations with criminals. Those whose duties bring them into contact with drug dealers are particularly vulnerable to malicious allegations that they are themselves drug users. A liability for such individuals to be tested enables it to be demonstrated that they remain ÔcleanÕ. In accordance with prior SLT (now ELT) Guidance, all individuals (of all ranks or grades) working in the following safety critical posts will be liable to be randomly tested: - • Test Purchase Officers • Undercover Officers • Drug Liaison Officers One additional drug or drug group (for Ôwith causeÕ testing only, where the reason for the test is based on intelligence and the officer has been informed of the drug(s) or drug group(s) for which he or she is being tested. 9.0 Substance Misuse Testing Protocols and Outcomes Substance misuse testing will be carried out using samples of oral fluid (saliva) and/or urine in the respect of illegal drugs and samples of breath in the respect of alcohol. Hair may be used as a sample for testing in police recruitment, for police staff recruitment, police recruits and transferees. An independent accredited company will be used to obtain and process the samples. Testing will take place in locations that are accessible to all including those with disabilities. Where an individual refuses to provide a sample in accordance with this procedure the matter will be referred to an Appropriate Authority (AA) within Professional Standards Department (Head of Professional Standards, D/Insp CCU and D/Insp PSD). Such a refusal may result in misconduct/ a disciplinary proceeding being considered due to a loss of confidence in that individualÕs ability to undertake their current role. This could result in a risk assessment of their position in the organisation. The individual could be temporarily transferred from their post and an alternative posting arranged with immediate effect or the