the Health Protection Agency (HPA) should be represented separately. 2.122. Port health authorities are concerned with the prospect of human, animal and crop diseases being imported into the UK at seaports and airports. 2.123. Port health authorities are unlikely to be directly represented on the LRF. Generally, they will be represented by the local authority or (in some circumstances) the HPA. Like the BTP, they will be expected to attend the LRF meetings when issues relating to their functions are discussed. 2.124. The Environment Agency aims to protect and improve the environment, and to promote sustainable development. It plays an important supporting role in planning for and responding to emergencies: in particular, it has key roles in relation to flood risk management and environmental regulation. 2.125. The Environment Agency has seven regions and 19 operational areas across England and Wales and will be directly represented by the Environment Agency area in which the LRF area is located. Where the LRF falls across an Environment Agency area boundary, the Environment Agency has agreed to nominate a lead area and thus a single representative. 2.126. The Environment Agency will be represented by the area manager or nominated deputy from the lead area and will provide advice and information on all aspects of the environment for which it has a statutory responsibility. 2.53. 2.127. The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) is responsible for the initiation and co-ordination of civil maritime search and rescue within the UK Search and Rescue Region, and as such is an emergency service. It carries out this function through HM Coastguard. This role is described in the Search and Rescue Framework for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 2.128. The MCA also leads the response to maritime pollution incidents in the UK Pollution Control Zone. It manages a multi-level plan, the National Contingency Plan for Marine Pollution from Shipping and Offshore Installations, for co-ordinating responder organisations dealing with pollution at sea or on the coast. 2.129. The MCA is structured around three ÒregionsÓ (Eastern; Wales and West England; and Scotland and Northern Ireland). Within each region, there are three HM Coastguard operational areas. These regional and area boundaries do not coincide with coastal police force areas. 2.130. The MCA will be required to take part in the LRF process only in coastal LRF areas. It will be represented at the LRF by an HM Coastguard manager from the Coastguard ÒregionÓ where the LRF is situated. In most cases, this will be the manager from the relevant area. These managers will be able to provide advice and information on all maritime emergency response matters. In addition, the MCA has a central resilience unit and each ÒregionÓ has a senior MCA/ HM Coastguard officer dedicated to resilience matters. 2.53. Category 2 responders 2.131. Electricity distributors and transmitters are covered by the Act. During an emergency affecting electricity supplies, the companies retain control of their operations and have to meet their obligations as prescribed by the regulator. It is