version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [ If during the course of an investigation of a DSI matter being carried out by a person F804(2A) appointed under paragraph 18 the [F632Director General] determines (without there having been a submission under sub-paragraph (1)) that there is an indication that a person serving with the police (Òthe person whose conduct is in questionÓ) may haveÑ (a) committed a criminal offence, or (b) behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, [F638the Director General] shall notify the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter and (if different) the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question of [F656the Director General's] determination.] [ If during the course of an investigation of a DSI matter being carried out by a F805(2B) person designated under paragraph 19 the Director General determines that there is an indication that a person serving with the police (Òthe person whose conduct is in questionÓ) may haveÑ (a) committed a criminal offence, or (b) behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, the Director General must proceed under sub-paragraph (2C). (2C) The Director General mustÑ (a) prepare a record of the determination, (b) notify the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter and (if different) the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question of the determination, and (c) send to it (or each of them) a copy of the record of the determination prepared under paragraph (a).] (3) If during the course of an investigation of a DSI matter it appears to a person appointed under paragraph 16 F806... that there is an indication that a person serving with the police (Òthe person whose conduct is in questionÓ) may haveÑ (a) committed a criminal offence, or (b) behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, he shall make a submission to that effect to the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter. (4) If, after considering a submission under sub-paragraph (3), the appropriate authority determines that there is such an indication, it shallÑ (a) if it is not the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question, notify that other authority of its determination and send to that authority a copy of the submission under sub-paragraph (3); and (b) notify the [F632Director General] of its determination and send to it a copy of the submission under sub-paragraph (3). (5) Where the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in questionÑ (a) is notified of a determination