are responsible for holding their Chief Constables to account for the exercise of the Chief Constable’s functions and the functions of the persons under the Chief Constable’s direction and control. This may include setting clear expectations on responding adequately and effectively to victims of crimes including victims of domestic abuse related crimes incidents. PCCs should consider how they work with other partners to provide an efficient and effective criminal justice system for their local areas including in relation to domestic abuse related crime and incidents to support prevention, early intervention and the provision of services. This may involve bringing partners together through convening and leading forums such as Local Criminal Justice Boards (LCJBs) and some areas will have other partnership boards working alongside or reporting into the LCJBs. For example, there are often boards, and other structures, with a particular focus on domestic abuse and sexual violence. PCCs will play a leading role in these, given their responsibilities in respect to victims of crime and commissioning local support services for victims. Crown Prosecution Service The Crown Prosecution Service (the ‘CPS’) prosecutes criminal cases that have been investigated by the police and other investigative organisations in England and Wales. The CPS is independent and makes its decisions independently of the police and Government. The CPS decides which cases should be prosecuted using the Full Code Test, determines the appropriate charges in more serious or complex cases and advises the police during the early stages of investigations, prepares cases, and presents them at court. The CPS prosecutes criminal cases in England and Wales on 192 Including directly elected mayors with Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) powers, however the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 indicates some of the differences between the governance models in particular in relation to the Mayor’s Office for Policing and Crime Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance behalf of the state against a defendant. The CPS works with partners to inform, support, and serve victims and witnesses to help secure and deliver justice. The Attorney General superintends the CPS, but the CPS is operationally independent. The relationship between the police and CPS in relation to prosecution decisions is set out in the Director’s Guidance on Charging. The CPS does not decide whether a person is guilty of a criminal offence – that is for the jury, judge, or magistrate - but it must make the key decision of whether a case should be put before a court. Every charging decision is based on the same two-stage test outlined in the Code for Crown Prosecutors: Does the evidence provide a realistic prospect of conviction? That means, having heard the evidence, is a court more likely than not to find the defendant guilty? Is it in the public interest to prosecute? That means asking questions including how serious the offence is, the impact on communities and whether prosecution is a proportionate response. Cases involving domestic abuse are regarded as particularly serious by the CPS given the abuse of trust