contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes justice area proposed to be specified in the order (and the notice has not been withdrawn), (b) the court is satisfied thatÑ (i) the offender can be fitted with any necessary apparatus under the arrangements currently available, and (ii) any other necessary provision can be made under those arrangements, and (c) the court is satisfied that arrangements are generally operational throughout England and Wales (even if not always operational everywhere there) under which the offenderÕs whereabouts can be electronically monitored.Ó 13 (1) Schedule 7 (breach, revocation or amendment of youth rehabilitation order) is amended as follows. (2) In paragraph 1(2)(b) (interpretation), for Òelectronic monitoring requirementÓ substitute Òelectronic compliance monitoring requirementÓ. (3) In paragraph 27(6) (persons to whom copy of order amending or revoking youth rehabilitation order must be given)Ñ (a) in the entry relating to an electronic monitoring requirement, in the first column, for ÒAn electronic monitoring requirementÓ substitute ÒAn electronic compliance monitoring requirementÓ, and (b) after that entry insertÑ ÒAn electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement Any person who by virtue of paragraph 46 of Schedule 6 will be responsible for the electronic monitoring Any person without whose consent the requirement could not be included in the order.Ó 14 (1) Schedule 8 (transfer of youth rehabilitation orders to Northern Ireland) is amended as follows. (2) In paragraph 5(2) (meaning of Òlocally based requirementÓ)Ñ (2) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Youth rehabilitation orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 359 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) in paragraph (i), for Òan electronic monitoring requirementÓ substitute Òan electronic compliance monitoring requirementÓ, and (b) after that paragraph insertÑ Ò(j) an electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement.Ó (3) In paragraph 7 (further provisions where offender resides or will reside in Northern Ireland), in sub-paragraph (c)Ñ (a) in paragraph (vi), for Òelectronic monitoringÓ substitute Òelectronic compliance monitoringÓ; (b) at the end insertÑ Ò(vii) paragraph 48(2) (availability of requirements for electronic whereabouts monitoring;Ó. (4) In paragraph 11(4) (persons to whom copy of youth rehabilitation order or amending order must be given)Ñ (a) in the entry relating to an electronic monitoring requirement, in the first column, for ÒAn electronic monitoring requirementÓ substitute ÒAn electronic compliance monitoring requirementÓ,