with a company in a number of ways. The security of the firearms is therefore conditional on how the articles are received. 3.17 Individual firearms should be stored in a secure area or cabinet which is equal to that provided for section 1 and 2 firearms. Consideration should be given to individual locking arrangements, where the owner has either sole or joint access to one key for a secure cabinet with two locks. The other key should remain with the warehouse operator. 3.18 Where premises are not continuously manned, the premises, or those parts used for the keeping of firearms should be alarmed to BS4737 3.30:2015. 3.19 Where firearms are a part of the contents of a secure transit container, and the company are aware of its contents, arrangements must be made to regularly inspect the container whilst held. 3.20 Unless required by any explosives or carriage legislation, containers in storage containing firearms and ammunition should not bear labels or markers etc. identifying their contents. 3.21 In the interests of both owner and company, the warehouse employees or others should not normally have access into locked/sealed containers. If this is necessary, there should be a system for recording: 3.1 a) by whom, when and for what reason(s) access to the container has taken place, b) The result of any examination of the state of the contents and the notification made to the owner, or his authorised agent. 3.22 Whenever possible, containers with firearms should be located in positions where surveillance is possible by staff working in and around the area or covered by monitored CCTV. 3.23 The company must have procedures to ensure that in addition to the owner, the police are advised immediately of any loss or theft of firearms, including any attack on containers known to contain firearms. Carriers 3.24 Security considerations applying to carriers are generally contained within Part 7 of this Handbook. Where the carrier is also providing storage or the temporary holding of firearms during the course of delivery, the appropriate recommendations in relation to warehousing may be considered. 3.1 PART 4: FIREARMS DEALERS 4.1 DealersÕ security can generally be divided into three areas: a) retail shop premises Ð display b) stock-secure storage c) dealers operating from home. 4.2 Shop premises, should be substantially built of brick or stone etc., and protected by an intruder alarm to BS4737 3.30:2015 or equivalent and ideally monitored by a NSI monitoring centre with an appropriate response. 4.3 External access doors other than those in any shop frontage, should be constructed and installed to the requirements in Annex A, this is dependent upon the type of application. 4.4 Main doors in shop frontage may either conform to the above or contain glass panel(s). Glass panels and windows should be protected by internal security grilles as specified in Annex A or by ornamental iron grilles of bar or rod, not less than 10mm diameter or 8mm x 12mm cross section. 4.5 The use of grilles or bars may not be