as quickly as possible and serve notice of its decision on the person making the representations, within a maximum of 56 days of the service of the representations, whether or not it accepts that the ground in question has been established. 11N.28 A litter authority which accepts a representation must cancel the penalty notice and refund any sum already paid. Cancellation does not prevent the authority from serving another penalty notice for the same litter offence to another person. 11N.29 A litter authority which rejects a representation must serve a notice stating that the penalty must be paid unless an appeal is made to an adjudicator. A Ònotice of rejectionÓ must state: • the litter authorityÕs decision, and the reasons for it • that the recipient has a right to appeal to an adjudicator against the litter authorityÕs decision, within 28 days of the notice of rejection • the general form and manner in which an appeal can be made, and • that the adjudicator has the power to award costs against either party18 11N.30 If, following an unsuccessful representation, a litter authority decides to offer a new discount period for prompt payment, it should set out the dates. 11N.31 If a litter authority fails to comply with the requirement to serve a notice of rejection which meets these requirements, it is deemed to have accepted the recipientÕs representations and cancelled the penalty notice. Appeals 11N.32 Regulation 18 of the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018 provides for appeals to be considered by an independent adjudicator appointed to the Traffic Penalty Tribunal. Litter authorities have certain duties to make provision for the adjudication, such as the provision of administrative staff and facilities for adjudicators, and these duties must be discharged by the PATROL (Parking and Traffic Regulations Outside London) Joint Committee. More information about PATROL can be found online at: https://www.patrol-uk.info/ 11N.33 The Traffic Penalty Tribunal operates a digital by default online appeal system Ð FOAM (Fast Online Appeal Management). Appellants submit their appeal, authorities respond online and upload evidence and the adjudicator publishes a decision online. In some circumstances, the adjudicator will conduct a telephone hearing with all parties invited to participate. All local authorities outside London that operate civil parking enforcement use this system. A dashboard enables authorities to manage their cases and includes reporting functionality. The tribunal also operates an Assisted Digital Support programme for people who are not able to appeal online. 18 Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018, regulation 15 11N.34 If the adjudicator agrees that one of the grounds set out in regulation 14 (paragraph 11N.25 above) applies, the adjudicator must allow the appeal.19 11N.35 The adjudicator may also, where an appeal is allowed, give written directions to the litter authority which the adjudicator considers appropriate for the purpose of giving effect to their decision. A litter authority must comply with any such direction as soon as is practicable. 11N.36 An adjudicator may (despite not allowing