witness claims to recognise a suspect, identification procedures must still be followed. ADVOKATE A Amount or length of time the witness had the suspect under observation. D Distance between the witness and the suspect during the observation. V Visibility conditions during the observation. O Obstructions to the observations - whether they temporarily or partially inhibited the observations. K Whether the suspect is known to the witness in any way. A Any particular reason the witness has for remembering the suspect or event. T Time the witness had the suspect under observation and the amount of time elapsed since the event. E Errors in the description provided by the witness compared with the actual appearance. Identification and recognition Identification This is a formal legal procedure that draws on a combination of established procedures, including the use of competent eyewitnesses who are likely to become key witnesses for the prosecution. It tests their ability to identify a person suspected of committing the offence under investigation as the same person they saw on a previous occasion Recognition This is where someone who is not an eyewitness to the offence under investigation claims to recognise a person, depicted in an image, for example, a CCTV image. A successful recognition process can trigger other investigative options which may result in a chain of evidence leading to, and in support of, a formal identification procedure. In the absence of other supporting evidence, evidence of recognition can be adduced providing it is gathered in a robust manner that is open to scrutiny. R v Smith and others [2008] EWCA Crim 1342 illustrates recognition. Identification procedure An identification procedure must be held whenever: a witness has identified a suspect or purported to have identified a suspect prior to any formal procedures being held or there is a witness available who expresses an ability to identify a suspect or there is a reasonable chance they will be able to identify a suspect or the suspect disputes being the person the witness says he or she has seen An identification procedure is not required: when it is not practicable when it would serve no useful purpose in proving or disproving that the suspect committed the offence, for example, when it is not disputed that the suspect is already well known to the witness who claims to have seen them commit the crime if the witness could describe clothing only or would not be able to recognise the suspect again. The identification officer should be consulted when deciding on which identification procedure to adopt during an investigation. Due consideration must be given to the procedure most suited to the witness. PACE Code D provides guidance to investigators. Suspect not known The following identification procedures should be used where the suspect is not known: street identification Ð when a witness can be taken to the particular location to see whether an identification of a suspect can be made showing photographs to a witness showing video footage or photographs of an incident to