of the function which are incurred by the licensing authority actingÑ (i) under this Act, but (ii) in a capacity other than that of licensing authority (whether that of local authority, local planning authority or any other authority). (3) References to the general costs of a licensing authority are to costs of the authority so far as they are referable to the discharge of functions under this Act in respect of which no fee is otherwise chargeable and include, in particularÑ (a) costs referable to the authority's functions under section 5; (b) costs of or incurred in connection with the monitoring and enforcement of Parts 7 and 8 of this Act; (c) costs incurred in exercising functions conferred by virtue of section 197A. (4) To the extent that they prescribe the amount of a fee or include provision made by virtue of section 197A(3) or (4), regulations mayÑ (a) make provision which applies generally or only to specified authorities or descriptions of authority, and (b) make different provision for different authorities or descriptions of authority. (5) Subsection (4) is not to be taken to limit the generality of section 197.Ó. (3) In section 10(4) (sub-delegation of functions by licensing committee etc)Ñ (a) omit ÒorÓ at the end of paragraph (c), and (b) after paragraph (d) insert Òor (e) any function conferred by virtue of section 197A (regulations about fees).Ó. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Miscellaneous 117 122 Licensing policy statements (1) Section 5 of the Licensing Act 2003 (statement of licensing policy) is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (7). (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for ÒthreeÓ substitute Ò five Ó, and (b) in paragraph (b) omit Ò(a Òlicensing statementÓ)Ó. (3) Omit subsection (2). (4) In subsection (3), for ÒthreeÓ substitute Ò five Ó. (5) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for ÒthreeÓ substitute Ò five Ó, and (b) after ÒpolicyÓ insert Ò in respect of that period Ó. (6) After subsection (6) insertÑ Ò(6A) Without prejudice to subsection (4), a licensing authority may replace its policy in respect of a period, with effect from any date during that period, byÑ (a) determining its policy with respect to the exercise of its licensing functions in respect of a period of five years beginning with that date, and (b) publishing a statement of that policy before that date. (6B) Subsection (3) applies in relation to any determination under subsection (6A) as it applies in relation to a determination under subsection (1). (6C) A licensing statement must specify the five year period to which it relates.Ó (7) After subsection (7) insertÑ Ò(8) In this sectionÑ Òfive year periodÓ, in relation to a licensing authority, meansÑ (a)