details) View outstanding changes 57 Extent (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, this Act extends toÑ (a) England and Wales, (b) Scotland, and (c) Northern Ireland. (2) Sections 22 (application of the PACE orders) and 23 (investigations and detention: England and Wales and Northern Ireland) extend to England and Wales and Northern Ireland only. (3) An amendment, modification or repeal by this Act has the same extent as the enactment or relevant part of the enactment to which it relates (ignoring extent by virtue of an Order in Council under any of the Immigration Acts). (4) Subsection (3) does not apply toÑ (a) the amendments made by section 52 (detention at ports in Scotland); (b) the amendment made by section 54 (trafficking people for exploitation), which extends to England and Wales and Northern Ireland only. (5) Her Majesty may by Order in Council provide for any of the provisions of this Act, other than any provision of Part 1 (border functions) or section 53 (transfer of certain immigration judicial review applications), to extend, with or without modifications, to any of the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. (6) Subsection (5) does not apply in relation to the extension to a place of a provision which extends there by virtue of subsection (3). 58 Commencement (1) Part 1 (border functions) comes into force on the day this Act is passed. (2) The provisions of Part 2 (citizenship) come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint. (3) In Part 3 (immigration)Ñ (a) section 50 (restriction on studies) comes into force on the day this Act is passed; (b) sections 51 (fingerprinting of foreign criminals) and 52 (detention at ports in Scotland) come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint. (a) Part 4 Ð Miscellaneous and general Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) In this PartÑ (a) section 53 (transfer of certain immigration judicial review applications) comes into force on such day as the Lord Chancellor may by order appoint; (b) sections 54 (trafficking people for exploitation) and 55 (duty regarding the welfare of children) come into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint. (5) Any repeal in the Schedule (and section 56 so far as relating to the repeal) comes into force in the same way as the provisions of this Act to which the repeal relates. (6) The other provisions of this Part come into force on the day this Act is passed. (7) An