into the FGM Act which creates a new offence of failing to protect a girl from FGM. This means that if an offence under section 1, 2 or 3 of the FGM Act (see paragraph 59 above) is committed against a girl under the age of 16, each person who is responsible for the girl at the time of FGM occurred will be liable under the new offence. 1. Elements of the offence 70. To be ÒresponsibleÓ for a girl, the person will either: have ãparental responsibility? for the girl (for example, mothers, fathers married to the mothers at the time of birth, and guardians) and have ãfrequent contact? with her); or be a person aged 18 or over who has assumed responsibility for caring for the girl Òin the manner of a parentÓ (for example family members to whom parents might send their child during the summer holidays). 71. The requirement in the first case for Òfrequent contactÓ is intended to ensure that a person who, in law, has parental responsibility for a girl, but who in practice has little or no contact with her, would not be liable. Similarly, the requirement in the second case that the person should be caring for the girl Òin the manner of a parentÓ is intended to ensure that a person who is looking after a girl for a very short period Ð such as a baby sitter Ð would not be liable. Defence 72. It would be a defence for a defendant to show that at the relevant time, either: they did not think that there was a significant risk of FGM being committed, and could not reasonably have been expected to be aware that there was any such risk; or they took such steps as he or she could reasonably have been expected to take to protect the girl from being the victim of FGM. 73. A defendant would only need to produce evidence to support either defence. The onus would then be on the prosecution to prove, to the normal criminal standard of beyond reasonable doubt that the defence did not apply. It would be for the jury or magistrate, in any particular case, to decide what was reasonable in the circumstances. The offence 74. Section 78 makes it an offence to possess any article which has a blade or is sharply pointed, or other offensive weapon in prison without authorisation. This includes makeshift weapons manufactured by prisoners from everyday items. 75. The main aim of the new offence is to address the disparity in the criminal law as, while it is a criminal offence to possess such articles in a public place or school, it is not currently a criminal offence to possess such articles within a prison establishment. Instead the unauthorised possession of weapons by prisoners is currently dealt with internally through the prison adjudication system or, for staff, as part of internal disciplinary procedures. 76. The new legislation will ensure that there are adequate measures available