such investigation; [F287(h) for combining into a single investigation the investigation of any complaint, conduct matter or DSI matter with the investigation or investigations of any one or more, or any combination, of the followingÑ (i) complaints (whether or not relating to the same conduct), (ii) conduct matters, or (iii) DSI matters, and for splitting a single investigation into two or more separate investigations;] (i) for the procedure to be followed in cases in which the [F288Director General] relinquishes the F289...[F290direction] of any investigation and for the consequences of [F291the Director General] doing so; (j) for the manner in which any reference of a complaint [F292, conduct matter or DSI matter] to the [F288Director General] is to be made; (k) for applying the provisions of this Part with such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit in cases where a complaint or recordable conduct matter relates to the conduct of a person who has ceased to be a person serving with the police since the time of the conduct; (i) 54 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (l) for applying the provisions of this Part with such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit in cases where a complaint or conduct matter relates to the conduct of a personÑ (i) whose identity is unascertained at the time at which a complaint is made or a conduct matter is recorded; (ii) whose identity is not ascertained during, or subsequent to, the investigation of a complaint or recordable conduct matter; F293(m) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (n) for the records to be kept by [F294local policing bodies] and chief officersÑ (i) with respect to complaints and purported complaints; (ii) with respect to recordable conduct matters [F295or DSI matters]; and (iii) with respect to the exercise and performance of their powers and duties under this Part; (o) for the [F288Director General] to be required to establish and maintain a register of such information provided to [F296the Director General or the Office] in accordance with this Part as may be of a description specified in the regulations and for regulating the extent to which information stored on that register may be published or otherwise disclosed to any person by the [F288Director General]; (p) for chief officers to have power to delegate the exercise or performance of powers and duties conferred or imposed on them