consultation with their line manager. • • A 2 week period will include any ROSTERED rest days at the start, during or at the end of the annual leave. Officers and Staff should be aware that some requests for leave may not be approved, either for operational / organisational reasons or to ensure fairness in the allocation process. For periods of known high demand for annual leave (i.e. school holidays/Xmas and New year) as well as times of known high levels of operational demand (e.g. Solstice/WOMAD/RIAT etc.) consultation may need to be carried out with the RMU/Line managers to facilitate granting of annual leave. In particular consideration will be to previous leave allocations to ensure fairness (i.e. school holidays/Xmas/New Year etc.) It will not be considered fair or reasonable for an individual to expect to routinely pre-book annual leave more than 12 months in advance on the assumption that it will be approved year on year. All requests for leave should be approved by the first line manager / RMU (as appropriate to each Departmental procedure), to ensure that wider resourcing issues have been considered. When on leave, individuals are paid at the basic rate for their job plus any regular allowances normally paid unless specified otherwise. Senior staff and officers should consider the wider management team when submitting leave requests, to ensure Force resilience, especially in terms of command. When an individual is due to commence a period of annual leave of one week or more (7 days when combined with Rest Days, subject to the exigencies of duty) their tour of duty for the last working day should not normally finish after 1800 hours, this should be requested via staffÕs line manager. REQUESTING ANNUAL LEAVE All staff have a personal responsibility to plan their leave throughout the leave year, to ensure that they take regular managed breaks from the workplace to maintain their health and wellbeing and to avoid the risk of losing untaken leave at the end of the leave year. An annual leave record will be maintained for every person within GRS. All applications for leave must be made via GRS. No other leave record is recognised by the Force for leave purposes. Managers are responsible for planning their resources to ensure that the required number of people are on duty at any one time. Leave requests will be considered on the basis of balancing local operational demands whilst trying to accommodate individual preferences. Wherever possible managers will try to accommodate leave requests looking at capacity within their wider team. It is a legal requirement for staff to be able to take their annual leave within the leave year, therefore requests for annual leave should normally take priority over any requests for Specials Leave, Sports Leave or Volunteer / Community Leave being made at the same time. Individuals must obtain management approval for annual leave prior to making firm holiday / financial commitments as approval is not guaranteed. The maximum period of absence from work that