of BÕs bodyÑ (i) is, or is intended by A to be, visible in the recorded image, or (ii) is intended by A to be observed.Ó Domestic abuse 49 Time limit for prosecution of common assault or battery in domestic abuse cases After section 39 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 insertÑ Ò39A Time limit for prosecution of common assault or battery in domestic abuse cases (1) This section applies to proceedings for an offence of common assault or battery whereÑ (a) the alleged behaviour of the accused amounts to domestic abuse, and (b) the condition in subsection (2) or (3) is met. (2) The condition in this subsection is thatÑ (a) the complainant has made a witness statement with a view to its possible admission as evidence in the proceedings, and (b) the complainant has provided the statement toÑ (i) a constable of a police force, or (ii) a person authorised by a constable of a police force to receive the statement. (3) The condition in this subsection is thatÑ (a) the complainant has been interviewed byÑ (i) a constable of a police force, or (i) 52 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (ii) a person authorised by a constable of a police force to interview the complainant, and (b) a video recording of the interview has been made with a view to its possible admission as the complainantÕs evidence in chief in the proceedings. (4) Proceedings to which this section applies may be commenced at any time which is bothÑ (a) within two years from the date of the offence to which the proceedings relate, and (b) within six months from the first date on which either of the conditions in subsection (2) or (3) was met. (5) This section has effect despite section 127(1) of the MagistratesÕ Court Act 1980 (limitation of time). (6) In this sectionÑ Òdomestic abuseÓ has the meaning given by section 1 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021; Òpolice forceÓ has the meaning given by section 3(3) of the Prosecution of Offences Act 1985; Òvideo recordingÓ has the meaning given by section 63(1) of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999; Òwitness statementÓ means a written statement that satisfies the conditions in section 9(2)(a) and (b) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967. (7) This section does not apply in relation to an offence committed before the coming into force of section 49 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing