land, or one other person authorised by them, to use firearms at night for the purpose of killing ground game if the occupier has the written authority of a person entitled to kill or take the ground game on that land, that is the holder of the shooting rights. Scotland 13.64 Section 50 of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948, which also prohibited shooting at night (Section 50 of the Agriculture (Scotland) Act 1948 defines night as Òbetween the expiration of the first hour after sunset and the commencement of the last hour before sunrise). Additionally, Schedule 7 of the Wildlife & Countryside Act 1981 provides as follows: 1. it is not unlawful for the owner of shooting rights on any land, or any person holding those rights from them, or the occupier (subject to 2 below) to use a firearm for the purpose of killing ground game thereon at night; 129 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 2. the occupier of any land shall not use a firearm to kill ground game at night unless (except where they have the exclusive right) they have first obtained written authority of the other person or one of the other persons entitled to kill and take ground game on the land; 3. an occupier who is entitled to use a firearm for the purpose of killing ground game may, subject to the provisions of section 1 of the Ground Game Act 1880, authorise one other person to use a firearm. Badgers 13.65 The Protection of Badgers Act 1992 (as amended) makes it a criminal offence to wilfully kill, take or injure badgers except in limited circumstances (for example, as a mercy killing, as an incidental result of a lawful action or under a licence issued by the appropriate wildlife licensing agency). If badgers are to be killed by a firearm, this must be done with a smooth-bore weapon of not less than 20 bore or a rifle using ammunition having a muzzle energy of at least 160 foot-pounds and a bullet weighing not less than 38 grains. This is in accordance with section 2(1)(d) of the 1992 Act. Dogs 13.66 Section 9 of the Animals Act 1971provides a defence in any civil proceedings for killing or injuring a dog if the defendant acted to protect livestock, and subsequently informs the police within forty-eight hours of the incident. The defendant can only act in defence of livestock in such a way if the livestock, or the land on which it is, belongs to them or to any other person under whose express or implied authority they are acting. Note that the Animal Act 1971 does not extend to Scotland Ð see section 13(4). Pests Act 1954 13.67 Under the Pests Act 1954, and the Rabbit Clearance Order number 148, the whole of England and Wales, apart from the City of London, the Isles of Scilly and Skokholm Island, has been declared a rabbit clearance area. Within this area, occupiers of land have a continuing obligation