has been convicted of an offence under the Schedule to the 1988 Act; or c) those persons have failed to comply with a notice under paragraph 2 of the Schedule requiring them to return the licence to the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers. 145 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 16.18 Should circumstances come to police attention which indicate that the continuation of a licence may give rise to a danger to public safety, details should be reported to the Home Office or the Scottish Government. Where a problem arises over security arrangements, the museum authorities should be approached in the first instance with a view to resolving any difficulty. 16.19 A conviction need not of itself lead to revocation under paragraph 16.17(b) above. The Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers will wish to take account of the circumstances surrounding any offences, the position in the organisation of any offender and the response of the museum authorities. 16.20 Where a licence has been revoked, the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers will require, by notice in writing, the licence to be surrendered to them. It is an offence to fail to comply with such a notice. Offences and enforcement 16.21 It is an offence under paragraph 4 of the Schedule to the 1988 Act: a) for a person to knowingly or recklessly make a statement false in any material particular for the purpose of the grant, renewal or variation of a licence; and b) for the person or any of the persons responsible for the management of the museum to fail to comply with or to cause or permit another person to fail to comply with any condition specified in the licence held in respect of the museum. 16.22 A defence of due diligence is provided against a charge under (b) above (see paragraph 4(4) of the Schedule to the 1988 Act). Under paragraph 4(5) of the Schedule, where an offence under paragraph 4 committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any: a) director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or; b) any person who was purporting to act in any such capacity they, as well as the body corporate, shall be guilty of that offence and be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly. References to the persons responsible for the management of the museum are to the Board of Trustees, the governing body, or any other person exercising corresponding functions of management. 146 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 17: Rifle and muzzle-loading pistol clubs, schools and cadet corps 17.1. This chapter details: i. procedures for club approval; ii. issues such as the use of ranges, security of firearms and good practice in club administration; iii. information about the renewal of certificates, club inspections; iv. the requirement of the police to maintain a register of clubs within their force