magistrates' court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland for an order setting aside the forfeiture of the cash or any part of it. The application must be made before the end of the period of 30 days starting with the day on which the period for objecting ended. But the court may give permission for an application to be made after the 30- day period has ended if it thinks that there are exceptional circumstances to explain why the applicant— failed to object to the forfeiture within the period for objecting, and failed to make an application within the 30-day period. On an application under this section the court must consider whether the cash to which the application relates could be forfeited under section 298 (ignoring the forfeiture mentioned in subsection (1) above). If the court is satisfied that the cash to which the application relates or any part of it could not be forfeited under that section it must set aside the forfeiture of that cash or part. Where the court sets aside the forfeiture of any cash— it must order the release of that cash, and that cash is to be treated as never having been forfeited. 297F Release of cash subject to forfeiture notice This section applies while any cash is detained under section 297C or 297D. A magistrates' court may direct the release of the whole or any part of the cash if the following condition is met. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The condition is that the court is not satisfied, on an application by the person from whom the cash was seized, that the cash to be released— is recoverable property, or is intended by any person for use in unlawful conduct. An officer of Revenue and Customs, constable or accredited financial investigator may release the cash or any part of it if satisfied that the detention of the cash to be released is no longer justified. 297G Application of forfeited cash Cash forfeited in pursuance of a forfeiture notice, and any accrued interest on it, is to be paid into the Consolidated Fund. But it is not to be paid in— before the end of the period within which an application under section 297E may be made (ignoring the possibility of an application by virtue of section 297E(4)), or if an application is made within that period, before the application is determined or otherwise disposed of.” In section 298(1) of that Act (forfeiture by court order) after “section