Policing, having consulted the National Crime Agency, submits to the Secretary of State a draft of regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall make regulations in terms of the draft unless the Secretary of State considers thatÑ (a) doing so would impair the efficiency or effectiveness of the police, or (b) it would be unlawful to do so, or (c) it would for some other reason be wrong to do so. (1B) The Secretary of State may not make regulations under this section unless the text of the regulations has been prepared or approved by the College of Policing.Ó; (b) subsections (2), (3), (4), (6), (7) and (10) are repealed; (c) in subsection (9), for Òthe first regulations to be madeÓ there is substituted Ò regulations Ó. (4) In section 63 of that Act (Police Advisory Board for England and Wales, etc), in subsection (3)(a), before Òwith respect toÓ there is inserted Òto which section 50(2ZC) applies or regulationsÓ. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 11 Ð Policing etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 105 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) In section 97 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (regulations about police training etc)Ñ (a) after subsection (1) there is insertedÑ Ò(1A) If the College of Policing submits to the Secretary of State a draft of regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall make regulations in terms of the draft unless the Secretary of State considers thatÑ (a) doing so would impair the efficiency or effectiveness of the police, or (b) it would be unlawful to do so, or (c) it would for some other reason be wrong to do so. (1B) The Secretary of State may not make regulations under this section unless the text of the regulations has been prepared or approved by the College of Policing.Ó; (b) subsection (4) is repealed. 124 Codes of practice issued by the College (1) Section 39A of the Police Act 1996 (codes of practice for chief officers) is amended as follows. (2) For subsection (1) there is substitutedÑ Ò(1) The College of Policing may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, issue codes of practice relating to the discharge of their functions by chief officers of police if the College considers thatÑ (a) it is necessary to do so in order to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of police forces generally, (b) it is necessary to do so in order to facilitate the carrying out by members of