prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F30826A Serious Organised Crime Agency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F30926B National Policing Improvement Agency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F31026BACollege of Policing The [F311Director General] and the College of Policing must enter into an agreement for the establishment, in relation to members of the College's staff, of procedures corresponding or similar to those provided for by or under this Part. An agreement under this section— must not be made or varied except with the approval of the Secretary of State; and must not be terminated unless— it is replaced by another such agreement, and the Secretary of State approves. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 59 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes An agreement under this section may contain provision for enabling the [F311Director General] to bring and conduct, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any proceedings that are identified by the agreement as disciplinary hearings in relation to members of the College's staff. Procedures established in accordance with an agreement under this section shall have no effect in relation to anything done outside England and Wales by any member of the College's staff.] [F31226C The National Crime Agency The Secretary of State must make regulations conferring functions on the [F313Director General] in relation to the exercise of functions by the Director General [F314of the National Crime Agency] and other National Crime Agency officers. Regulations under this section may, in particular— apply (with or without modifications), or make provision similar to, any provision of or made under this Part of this Act; make provision for payment by the National Crime Agency to, or in respect of, the [F315the Office or in respect of its Director General]. Regulations under this section must relate only to the exercise of functions in, or in relation to, England and Wales. The [F316Director General] and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may jointly investigate