Revenue Code restricts the opportunity for employee stock ownership plans (ESOP) in private equity (PE) and venture capital-backed companies. Reform is needed to allow these firms to defer capital gains taxes when selling controlling interests of these companies to ESOPs and reinvesting the amount in ESG-compliant qualified replacement properties. Background Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs) are the most common employee ownership corporate structure in the United States, with approximately 6,500 U.S. companies having an ESOP and approximately 14 million U.S. workers being participants.1 They are considered defined contribution plans under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as they function by holding stock through a trust fund that accrues money over time as companies contribute more stock.2,3 The goal of ESOPs is to encourage employee retention and motivation throughout their tenure, especially in an age where one in every two U.S. employees is open to leaving their current job.4 An ESOP tackles these issues by encouraging employees to have a stake in their company’s success, which in turn allows for more productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency.5 Workers are not the only ones who benefit from ESOPs. There are incentives for specific corporations as well. Section 1042 of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) provides a tax deferral mechanism for business owners who sell stock to an ESOP and reinvest the proceeds in a qualified replacement property (securities issued by a domestic operating corporation) within twelve months of the sale.6 Specifically, business owners of C Corporations can effectively defer capital gains taxes on their sale of stocks if the sale of their stocks is to ESOPs. The federal government taxes long-term capital gains with preferential treatment at a maximum rate of 23.8%, which is still lower than the rate for other sources of income.7 Section 1042 allows ESOPs to play a significant role in motivating corporations to invest in the betterment of their employees while retaining more of their earnings overall. Policy Idea The United States Congress should expand Section 1042 of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) by allowing private equity firms and venture capital funds, which are generally limited liability companies (LLC) or limited partnerships (LP), to defer capital gains taxes when they sell a controlling interest in a company to an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). If a PE or VC fund sells 30% or more of its stock to an ESOP that complies with the Employment Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), the firm can defer capital gains taxes. The proceeds from these transactions must then be reinvested in qualified replacement properties (QRPs), specifically targeting small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) related initiatives. Firms can defer the tax as long as they hold the QRP, with taxes only being implemented after the selling of those proceeds, continuing a capital allocation method that maximizes the firm’s profits while ensuring the empowerment of other workers. Policy Analysis There are three key objectives that this policy attempts to achieve. First, this policy aims to align PE’s