uses risk assessment over a 5-year period to identify the generic capabilities that underpin the UKÕs resilience to disruptive challenges, and ensures that each of these is developed. These capabilities include dealing with mass casualties and fatalities, response to chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear incidents, provision of essential services and warning and informing the public. A full list of the current capabilities can be found in this g uide to the capabilities programme (https://www.gov.uk/preparation-and-planning-for-emerg encies-the-capabilities- programme). The government has in place a coordinated cross-governmental exercise programme covering a comprehensive range of domestic disruptive challenges, including accidents, natural disasters and acts of terrorism. The programme is designed to test rigorously the concept of operations from the coordinated central response through the range of lead government department responsibilities and the involvement of the devolved administrations, to the sub-national tier and local responders. More information is provided in the g uide to emerg ency exercises and training (https://www.gov.uk/emerg ency-planning-and-preparedness-exercises-and-training). These national processes feed into the devolved administrations, sub-national and local levels to ensure fully integrated emergency planning at all levels throughout the UK. The role of the voluntary sector in emergency planning and response Where appropriate, organisations should consider at an early stage in planning whether voluntary organisations may have capabilities which could assist in responding to an emergency. The voluntary sector can provide a wide range of skills and services in responding to an emergency. These include: practical support (such as first aid, transportation, or provisions for responders); psycho-social support (such as counselling and helplines); equipment (radios, medical equipment); and information services (such as public training and communications). Existing emergency planning duties The Civil Contingencies Act Regulations identify 3 pieces of legislation pre-dating this Act which were introduced separately in Britain and Northern Ireland under sector-specific legislation operated by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) and HSE Northern Ireland. These relate to major accident hazards at industrial establishments (Control of Major Accident Hazards Regulations (COMAH)), to hazardous pipelines (Pipelines Safety Regulations) and to radiation hazards (Radiation (Emergency Preparation and Public Information) Regulations (REPPIR)). These sector-specific Regulations have established multi-agency emergency planning regimes in co-operation with the operators. To avoid duplication, the Civil does not apply to emergencies which are dealt with by these pieces of legislation. For more information on how the Act fits with other legislation see chapter 19 of ÔEmerg ency preparednessÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency- preparedness). Important documents Emerg ency Preparedness (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency- preparedness) Chapter 5: ÒEmergency planningÓ Annex 5a: ÒExamples of generic and specific plansÓ Annex 5B: ÒGeneric plan: emergency or major incidentÓ Annex 5C: ÒSpecific planÓ Annex 5D: ÒExample of a plan maintenance matrix for a local authorityÓ Chapter 7 ÒCommunicating with the publicÓ - Contains further detail on communicating with the vulnerable and victims in an emergency Annex 7A: ÒCommunicating with the public: the national context Ò Annex 7B: ÒLead responsibility for warning and informing the publicÓ Annex 7C: ÒChecklist of suggested protocolsÓ Chapter 14: ÒThe role of the voluntary sectorÓ Annex 14A: ÒExamples of voluntary sector activities