• Ensure that the release of the suspect and/or any bail conditions are discussed with the victim prior to being made, in order to ascertain their views and any further information which may impact on the decision e.g. details of any existing court orders. • Consider applying for a Restraining Order, seek PPD advice, and communicate the reasons to the CPS on why this would be appropriate. • Ensure the victim is kept updated on the progress of the case. • Consider the use of covert methods of evidence collation if relevant. • Gather evidence from the victimÕs mobile phones and computers where texting and/or cyber-stalking feature in the allegation and ensure the victim has means of communication at all times. • Provide the victim with safety information and support. • Provide the victim with a Harassment Diary (Form 271), where appropriate, and explain how it should be completed • Where appropriate, work with other agencies to make the victim safe within their home or go over refuge options with them again. • Write up a safety plan around safeguarding the victim/Children. Record it on the OEL of Niche. 5.6 Supervisors Responsibilities You should: • Ensure you monitor incidents of stalking and harassment and provide support where necessary. • Ensure cases are being progressed promptly. • Ensure all lines of enquiry have been followed. Table of Contents • Ensure that the risk assessment process has been carried out effectively and in high risk cases ensure that advice from the appropriate specialist units is sort. • Make sure there is a safety plan in place to safeguard the victim/children. • Ensure HCRÕs are completed. 5.7 Custody Officer You must: • Consider the suspectÕs right to a telephone call and assess the suspectÕs potential to harass and intimidate the victim, children, family members and potential witnesses. • Ensure any telephone calls are supervised. • Record if a suspect threatens to commit suicide, and include this within the custody risk assessment process for the care of the suspect in police detention. • Consider suicide threats by the suspect as a risk factor relating to further harm being caused to the victim and children, and include as part of any decision-making process for police bail. • Record significant statements on the custody record and invite the suspect to sign and verify them. • Document on the custody record any intimidating, aggressive or threatening behaviour exhibited by the suspect. • Consult victims prior to making bail decisions where possible. The victim should be updated on the investigation and informed of any decision to charge the suspect, the conditions that have been placed and what those conditions mean prior to their release. • Refer to the victim risk assessment to justify any bail conditions set. • Use information from suspect interviews to make decisions about custody, charging, bail, prosecution, sentencing and risk. • Remember that there is a danger that police attention can sometimes intensify the suspectÕs interest in the victim. Particular note should be made