on the incident hazard profile, supporting the assessment and monitoring of hazards and activity, recovering and cleaning up This should include: hazard profiling the scene supporting the development of incident risk assessments and managing hazards, including safe systems of work providing pragmatic safety advice for an often-dynamic scenario and environment post-event debriefing of staff and structured organisational learning Occupational health and welfare To ensure that officers and staff are fit for the role, forces should have appropriate pre-screening selection processes, including health and psychological screening. These may include: vaccination for the role, including for overseas deployments where appropriate periodic health monitoring pre-deployment health assessment Following potential exposure to physical and chemical hazards, there should be post-incident monitoring. Any monitoring will be informed by the scene hazard profile and activity risk assessment developed during the incident. The DVI role also carries potential psychological exposure risk. Ensure that a robust and auditable process is in place to manage these physical and psychological hazards during and after deployment. Forces should have access to occupational health services and trained psychologists to support this process. For further information see Strategic Welfare Advice for the response to a mass fatalities incident (PDF 252KB). Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies Body Armour Standard (2017) CAST Publication number: 012/17 T Payne S OÕRourke C Malbon July 2017 Summary The Home Office has published test standards to assess the performance of body armour for over two decades dating back to 1993. In the intervening period, much has changed both operationally and from an engineering perspective in the ability to produce test methods that are more representative of the operational scenarios faced by end-users. The Home Office Body Armour Standard (2017) outlines the minimum performance requirements and test methods for body armour intended for UK law enforcement agencies. The requirements for this standard were derived from a series of consultations with stakeholders including the National Police Chiefs Council (NPCC), the Police Federation, end- users, manufacturers of body armour, accredited test facilities, the Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) Physical Protection Group and other technical experts. The key requirement for body armour is to reduce the risk of death or serious injury to the wearer from ballistic or stab attack to the torso in normal operational usage. Key improvements from the HOSDB1 Body Armour Standards for UK Police 2007 include: • Formed armour testing: anthropometrically derived test surrogates, more representative of the morphologies of the female torso, enabling enhanced assessment of female body armour. • Ballistic protection levels: an updated set of ballistic protection levels with test rounds reflecting the current operational requirements of UK law enforcement. • Rifle testing: anthropometrically derived male front and back torso surrogates for ballistic testing to provide enhanced assessment on the performance of rifle protection. • Production quality testing (PQT): introduction of critical perforation analysis (CPA) as a quality assurance tool to provide increased confidence in the continued production quality of soft armour. • In-life monitoring (ILM): periodical assessment of in-service body armour over