causal or contributory in the deaths: (a) drugs (mostly cocaine or methamphetamine), (b) alcohol, and (c) some form of delirium (variously described as agitated psychosis, excited delirium or psychotic delirium). 64. Heart disease, positional asphyxia (due to the method of police restraint), head trauma and cardiac arrhythmia/arrest feature prominently among the remaining 80 deaths for which autopsy data were available. 35 ACPO Guidance on Responding to People with Mental Ill Health or Learning Disabilities. www.npia.police.uk/en/docs/Mental_ill_Health.pdf (retrieved 21 Sep 2010). 36 Amnesty International report no. AMR 51/146/2008: http://www.amnestyusa.org/uploads/ListOfDeaths.pdf (retrieved 21 Sep 2010). 10 65. Deaths associated with use of Taser continue to be reported in the international media, particularly that emanating from the United States. A high profile Taser-associated death in Canada in 2007 led to the Braidwood Inquiry, which concluded that death in this case was contributed to by the physiological stress imposed by multiple applications of Taser discharge.37 66. Deaths from various causes in police custody, while not commonplace, do occur. In the UK, there were 17 deaths in or following police custody in the 12 months from April 2009 to March 2010, with 37 deaths reported in the preceding 24 month period.38 67. To date, there have been two deaths in the UK following administration of Taser discharge. In one case, death occurred three days after exposure to the Taser; the Coroner found that the death was linked to profound atherosclerotic coronary artery disease and the Taser was deemed not to have been a causal factor.39 A second death in association with Taser discharge and use of irritant spray is currently under investigation by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).40 Conclusions 68. DOMILL has conducted an evidence-based review centred around the particular susceptibilities of children and other vulnerable groups to the Taser less-lethal system. 69. DOMILL considered the susceptibilities of these vulnerable populations with reference to the multiple known (and plausible) injury mechanisms that the Taser system may invoke. 70. Inevitably, DOMILL?s review cannot be exhaustive. In addition to the susceptibilities considered in the present statement, there are many other conditions, and combinations of conditions, that may render those affected more likely to experience an adverse response as a consequence of use of the Taser (or other form of force). This underlines DOMILL?s view that the medical evaluation of persons detained in custody following Taser deployment should be conducted by a Forensic Medical Examiner. This approach should help to ensure that the low rates of serious injury or death associated with use of the Taser in the UK remain low. 71. DOMILL considers that it is important to remain alert for any upward trends in the incidence of death or serious injury occurring in association with use of the Taser system in the UK. This can only be effectively achieved through an efficient system of post-incident medical audit. 72. The recommendations below may have implications for the medical management of individuals exposed to the Taser system. There may also be implications for use policy and user guidance and