plans for the hazards and threats and: • considers the acceptability of risks • identifies and recommends options for risk treatment for the LRF • makes recommendations to the LRF on risk priorities for hazards and threats o Lead assessors bring examples of individual risk assessments back to RAWG o Agreed risk evaluation criteria Step No Name of step Forum level Agencies involved Actions Inputs 5 6 Risk treatment Monitoring and reviewing LRF LRF LRF All Category 1 responders Category 2 responders (as appropriate) o LRF reviews the CRR and risk matrix in light of the evaluation criteria, and amends as appropriate o LRF determines the acceptability of the risks before considering treatment o Review the capability challenges posed by the risks against existing capabilities, mitigation plans or known gaps o Set risk priorities o Evaluate proposed options for additional treatment of risks and agree risk treatment plan o Identify officer or organisation to be responsible for implementation of actions o Actions communicated to appropriate working groups o Review of all risks as and when appropriate, taking into account the annually updated LRAG o Updated CRR, risk matrix and recommendation from RAWG o Updated CRR, risk matrix and recommendation from RAWG o Ongoing review of changes to context and hazards within responding organisations o Ongoing and regular reviews of risks by LRF between responders Annex 4 B: Illustration of Local Risk Assessment Guidance Revision to Emergency Preparedness 4B.1. 4B.2. 4B.3. The following table is illustrative of the structure and type of content that is included in the Local Risk Assessment Guidance (LRAG). It identifies the types of hazard that Category 1 responders may wish to add to their Community Risk Registers, and an assessment of the likelihood of these risks occurring in a five- year timeframe in a typical Local Resilience Forum (LRF) area. It also sets out the assumptions which underpin the likelihood assessment and guidance on how this might vary through the country. It also provides information on generic threats for Category 1 responders. Category 1 responders are collectively responsible for maintaining a Community Risk Register (CRR). The LRAG is a guide which should assist Category 1 responders in compiling and assessing their CRRs. It provides a consistent basis for emergency planning across the LRF area. For each risk, the following descriptors are provided: o Risk identifier: Risks prefixed with ÔHÕ are hazards which will require a national as well as a local response. Risks marked ÔHLÕ would not ordinarily prompt a national response, and would usually be dealt with locally. Risks marked ÔTÕ are threats which will require a national as well as a local response. o Risk category: This indicates the type of threat or hazard in question (e.g. terrorist attack, industrial accident, severe weather, public protests). Risk categories should be read in conjunction with outcome descriptions in order to understand the magnitude of the event. o o Outcome description: This describes the immediate consequences or significance of the event. Outcome descriptions will often be expressed