likely to be involved in the heart of planning work, but will be heavily involved in incidents that affect their own sector. Category 2 responders have a lesser set of duties - co-operating and sharing relevant information with other Category 1 and 2 responders. Category 1 and 2 organisations come together to form Ôlocal resilience forumsÕ (based on police areas) which will help co-ordination and co-operation between responders at the local level. For more on what LRFs do and contact details for each, see the guide on ÔLocal resilience forums: contact detailsÕ (https://www.gov.uk/guidance/local-resilience-forums-contact-details). The bulk of Part 1 of the Act was brought into force in November 2005 (the duty on local authorities to provide advice and assistance to business and voluntary organisations about business continuity management commenced in May 2006). Part 2 Part 2 of the Act updates the 1920 Emergency Powers Act to reflect the developments in the intervening years and the current and future risk profile. It allows for the making of temporary special legislation (emergency regulations) to help deal with the most serious of emergencies. The use of emergency powers is a last resort option and planning arrangements at the local level should not assume that emergency powers will be made available. Their use is subject to a robust set of safeguards - they can only be deployed in exceptional circumstances. Part 2 of the Act was brought into force in December 2004. See also: Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement programme (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/civil-contingencies-act-enhancement- programme-programme-initiation-document) Category 2 Responders: overview of sectors and emerg ency planning arrangements (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/civil-contingencies-act- category-2-responders-overview-of-sectors-and-emerg ency-planning-arrangements) Examples of good practice in public sector business continuity management (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/examples-of-g ood-practice-in-public-sector- business-continuity-management-bcm-methodologies) Examples of good practice in public sector business continuity management: exercising (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/examples-of-g ood-practice-in- public-sector-business-continuity-management-exercising) Examples of good practice in public sector business continuity management - awareness and training (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/examples-of-g ood- practice-in-public-sector-business-continuity-management-bcm-awareness-and-training) Communicating with the public: the 10 step cycle (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/communicating-with-the-public-the-ten-step- cycle) Expectations and indicators of good practice set for category 1 and 2 responders (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/expectations-and-indicators-of-g ood-practice- set-for-category-1-and-2-responders) Emergency planning The government aims to ensure all organisations have effective, well-practiced emergency plans in place. This section outlines what we mean by emergency planning, different types of plans, the importance of exercising them and training key staff, and the kind of factors which planners should consider. What is emergency planning? Emergency planning should aim where possible to prevent emergencies occurring, and when they do occur, good planning should reduce, control or mitigate the effects of the emergency. It is a systematic and ongoing process which should evolve as lessons are learnt and circumstances change. Emergency planning should be viewed as part of a cycle of activities beginning with establishing a risk profile to help determine what should be the priorities for developing plans and ending with review and revision, which then re-starts the whole cycle. Plans should focus on at least 3 key groupings of people - the vulnerable, victims (including survivors, family and friends) and responder personnel. Vulnerable people may be less able to help themselves in an