below)). By virtue of section 5(2)(b) of the 1988 Act, they are exempt from the requirement to produce a shot gun certificate when purchasing ammunition. 26.3 A visitorsÕ shot gun permit is valid for use throughout Great Britain for a period of up to 12 months, and a visitorsÕ firearm permit is also similarly valid subject to any territorial condition as to where the firearm may be used (a separate permit for each force area is not required in either case). While it is expected that the permit should only be valid for the duration of the particular visit, there might be circumstances where the police feel able to issue a pass for a longer period (and this need not be for the full 12 months). A decision will need to be taken to reflect the circumstances of each application, taking account of evidence of planned, future visits and the visitorÕs history and character, perhaps on previous shooting trips to this country. Application 26.4 Applications for a visitorsÕ firearm or shot gun permit will be made by a sponsor to the chief officer of police for the area in which the sponsor resides on the prescribed form of application (Form 107). 26.5 The sponsor may be: (a) a private individual; or (b) the representative of, for example, a club, shooting syndicate, country estate or national shooting organisation. 26.6 Where the sponsor is a private individual or represents a local shooting organisation, the usual checks should be made as to their bona fides in the same 192 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law way as for a certificate applicant. Although in most cases private sponsors will themselves be firearm or shot gun certificate holders, this need not necessarily be the case. Particular attention will need to be paid to security arrangements. 26.7 Section 17(7) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 provides for a group application to be made for up to twenty permits for persons specified in the application. In addition to fulfilling the criteria outlined in paragraphs 26.9 and 26.10, the chief officer of police must be satisfied that the persons specified in such an application are genuinely part of a group who propose to use the firearms in question either for sporting purposes on the same private premises during the same period, or to participate in the same competition or event, or series of competitions or events. Where six or more permits are issued on the basis of a group application, a reduced fee is payable. Consideration of application 26.8 The criteria for the grant of a visitorsÕ permit are set out in sections 17(2) and (3) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. 26.9 Chief officers of police must not grant a permit to any person in respect of whom they have reason to believe: (a) that their possession of the weapons or ammunition in question would represent a danger to the public safety or to the peace; or (b) that they are prohibited by the 1968 Act from possessing