out and considered ways to improve tenant engagement. Putting safety at the heart of social housing regulation 59. As we have made clear throughout this White Paper, the safety of tenants is paramount and should be the primary concern of all landlords. Specialist health and safety bodies, such as the Fire and Rescue Services and the Health and Safety Executive, are the main bodies in dealing with any incident and enforcement of an incident caused by a breach of safety legislation. In addition, local authorities have a duty under the Housing Act 2004 to take action if they identify a serious Ôcategory 1Õ hazard in homes owned by housing associations and other private registered providers. However, the regulator also plays a role in holding landlords to account for meeting health and safety legislation through compliance with its regulatory standards. We will reinforce this role by strengthening the Regulator of Social HousingÕs consumer regulation objective to explicitly include safety. 60. Driving and embedding culture change throughout organisations is the collective responsibility of Boards and, in the case of local authorities, councillors. However, these arrangements are not always visible to tenants. It can be difficult to find out who in a large organisation tenants can hold to account for the safety of their homes. Experience in other sectors demonstrates that regulation is important in building a culture of transparency and accountability within organisations. For example, in financial services, the introduction of a Senior Managers & Certification Regime has driven a culture change in risk management across the sector. 61. We will require all landlords to have a person within the organisation responsible for compliance with their statutory health and safety responsibilities. This person should be visible and accessible to tenants. As such, we will legislate to require landlords to identify and make public a nominated person responsible for compliance with their health and safety requirements. The health and safety responsible person should be sufficiently senior to drive a culture of safety throughout the landlord organisation, and would have specific responsibility for issues such as: • driving a strong culture across the organisation for prioritising and delivering health and safety requirements; • ensuring robust health and safety systems are in place; and • providing assurance that health and safety risks are being managed effectively. 62. These reforms will drive a whole culture change and system transformation, strengthening the relationship between the regulator and the Housing Ombudsman and ensuring effective working between them and the Building Safety Regulator. Through the Building Safety Bill, we are introducing a legal requirement for the regulator and Building Safety Regulator to co-operate with each other on matters of fire and building safety, to help embed a culture of working together. We will go further by expecting the Regulator of Social Housing to prepare a Memorandum of Understanding with the Health and Safety Executive, once the Building Safety Regulator is created, to underpin provisions in the Building Safety Bill as necessary to ensure that they can share information effectively.