4.3 for testing to their chosen CAST accredited test facility. It is the manufacturerÕs responsibility to ensure that the appropriate quantity of test samples are provided to the CAST accredited test facility for testing to the protection level(s) specified. These samples shall be accompanied with a redacted technical file (Section 3.6.3). It is the responsibility of the manufacturer to ensure appropriate export licences are sought and export protocol is followed in the submission of armour and information to test facilities. 3.9. CAST checks and certification On receipt of test reports from the accredited test facility, CAST will independently review them. If successful, CAST will then issue the manufacturer with a certificate detailing the outcomes of the test and pertinent information on the performance of armour. This shall include: • manufacturerÕs name; • manufacturerÕs address; • armour type (unformed armour, formed armour, plate or extended coverage panel); • protection level(s); • accredited size range (smallest to largest);11 • available as (form in which armour supplied); • areal density; • performance metrics (ballistic: V50, mean BFS; stab: mean depth of penetration); • additional testing (wet/extreme temperature); • product life expectancy; • in-life monitoring; • original test house reference; • current PQT test reference; • current ILM test reference; • issue date; • expiry date. 10 Any testing conducted prior to receipt of CAST authorisation will be considered as development testing only and will not form part of the certification testing process. 11 For formed armour, this shall be given by the size range of the equivalent unformed armour. On certification, manufacturers shall send a sealed medium sample of the certified armour to CAST for audit purposes. 3.10. Post certification 3.10.1. Production quality testing Once an armour model has been certified, it is automatically subject to the PQT protocol. Independent assessments are specified at a series of intervals to ensure the performance of armour during production remains at the certified levels. Details of the threshold frequencies for PQT and test methods are documented in Section 10. 3.10.2. In-life monitoring In instances where the manufacturer is unable to provide sufficient information to support their specified product life expectancy, armour models will be subject to the ILM protocol. In this scheme, in-service armour will be retrieved from end-users every two years for testing to provide greater confidence in its continued performance in the field. Manufacturers may also wish to opt in to this scheme, which shall be indicated to CAST on submission of the declaration. Details on the ILM protocol are documented in Section 11. 4. Summary of tests 4.1. Certification testing A summary of the certification tests within this standard have been given in Table 1. Table 1: Summary of assessments for certification testing Section 3.4 Labelling Visual inspection of labelling ensuring required information is presented and it is of appropriate quality. Pre-testing 5 Pre-testing assessments Inspections and areal density measurements on submitted body armour, against the redacted technical file, prior to testing. Ballistic testing 6.5 Soft, unformed Assessment of unformed (i.e. flat) body