children. Border Force officials and police officers may choose to establish an agreement or protocol about how any two simultaneous investigations may work. 54 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation NHS Staff in England: Additional Considerations D.2.9 NHS Staff in England: Additional Considerations The FGM Information Sharing (FGM-IS) System in the NHS in England The Female Genital Mutilation Information Sharing (FGM-IS), is a national IT system for health that allows clinicians across England to note on a girl's record within the NHS Summary Care Record application (an existing part of a childÕs electronic record) that they are potentially at risk of FGM. The FGM-IS allows the potential risk of FGM to be shared confidentially with health professionals across all care settings until a girl is 18 years old. The FGM-IS can be used at any appropriate time during the delivery of care to check whether the girl has been assessed as being potentially at risk of FGM. If a girl is identified as being at potential risk of FGM, the FGM risk indicator should be added to the system following completion of an FGM risk assessment, as detailed in the Department of Health's guidance titled ÔFemale Genital Mutilation Risk and Safeguarding Guidance for professionalsÕ (2017)56. The FGM-IS is to be used in conjunction with local safeguarding frameworks and processes. Use of the FGM-IS will not change professional responsibilities in this regard. The FGM-IS will hold the following information: • an indicator that a girl has a family history of FGM; • the date that the FGM risk indicator was added on to the system. • the date that the FGM safeguarding risk assessment was carried out; and Who can access it? Authorised health professionals with the relevant security permissions on their NHS Smartcard are able to access the FGM Information. The main groups of health professionals who use the system to add or view information are those most likely to observe and identify the warning signs associated with the potential risk of FGM. These are usually GPs, practices nurses, midwives, school nurses, safeguarding specialists and health visitors. It is also likely that information held within the system will be viewed by clinicians working in NHS travel centres, acute trusts, mental health trusts, and unscheduled care settings such as primary care out-of-hours services, minor injury units and A&E. If a professional working in social care or the police identifies a girl for whom it may be appropriate to have this indicator placed upon the girlÕs record, as part of the multi-agency response put in place to safeguarding the girl, they should discuss with the healthcare professional within the team how to make sure this is completed. 56 www.gov.uk/government/publications/safeguarding-women-and-girls-at-risk-of-fgm Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 55 Police: Additional Considerations D.2.10 Police: Additional Considerations Section D.2. provides guidance for all professionals on the considerations and actions for safeguarding women and girls who are at risk of, or who have undergone, FGM. In addition, police should refer to the College