date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (Scotland) Act 2016 (asp 22), means the person against whom the order has effect;Ó; ÒÒsexual harm prevention orderÓ includes a sexual harm prevention order made under section 11 or 12 of the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm (Scotland) Act 2016.Ó 2 (1) Section 136ZD of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (variation of sexual risk order by court in Northern Ireland) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, after ÒVariationÓ insert Ò, renewal or dischargeÓ. (3) In subsection (2), in the words after paragraph (b), after ÒvaryingÓ insert Ò, renewing or dischargingÓ. (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òsubsections (4) and (5)Ó substitute Òsubsections (3A) to (5B)Ó, and (b) after ÒvaryingÓ insert Ò, renewing or dischargingÓ. (5) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3A) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in Northern Ireland, and (b) whetherÑ (i) in the case of a sexual risk order made by a court in England and Wales, the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, England and Wales, or (ii) in the case of a sexual risk order made by a court in Scotland, the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, Scotland.Ó (6) In subsection (4), in the words before paragraph (a)Ñ (a) after ÒAn order may beÓ insert Òrenewed, orÓ, and (b) for ÒonlyÓ substitute Ò, onlyÓ. (7) In subsection (5), in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒAn order asÓ insert Òrenewed orÓ. (8) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) The court must not discharge a sexual risk order made by a court in England and Wales before the end of 2 years beginning with the day on which the order was made without the consent of the defendant and the Chief Constable. (5B) The court must not discharge a sexual risk order made by a court in Scotland, or vary such an order so as to remove a prohibition or requirement, unless the order or, as the case may be, the prohibition or requirement is no longer necessary for the purpose ofÑ Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 367 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) protecting the public, or any particular members of the public, from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally,