wording of any provisions in the principle. [If No], please provide the reasons for your answer. Q21. Do you support the inclusion of Principle 12: ÒMonitor your systemÕs behaviour and inputsÓ within the Code of Practice? Yes No DonÕt know [If Yes], please set out any changes you would suggest on the wording of any provisions in the principle. [If No], please provide the reasons for your answer. Q22. Are there any principles and/or provisions that are currently not in the proposed Code of practice that should be included? Yes No DonÕt know [If Yes], please provide details of these principles and/or provisions, alongside your reasoning. Q23. [If you are responding on behalf of an organisation] Where applicable, would there be any financial implications, as well as other impacts, for your organisation to implement the baseline requirements? Yes No DonÕt know [If yes], please provide any data to explain this. This will help the Government to quantify the impact of the Code and its requirements on different types of organisations. Q24. Do you agree with DSITÕs analysis of alternative actions the Government could take to address the cyber security of AI, which is set out in Annex E within the Call for Views document? Yes No DonÕt know [If no], please provide further details to support your answer. Q25. Are there any other policy interventions not included in the list in Annex E of the Call for Views document that the Government should take forward to address the cyber security risks to AI? Yes No DonÕt know [If yes], please provide further details to support your answer. Q26. Are there any other initiatives or forums, such as in the standards or multilateral landscape, that that the Government should be engaging with as part of its programme of work on the cyber security of AI? Yes No DonÕt know [If yes], please provide evidence (if possible) and reasons for your answer. Q27. Are there any additional cyber security risks to AI, such as those linked to Frontier AI, that you would like to raise separate from those in the Call for Views publication document and DSITÕs commissioned risk assessment (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/research-on-the-cyber-security-of-ai/cyber-security-risks-to-artificial- intelligence). Risk is defined here as ÒThe potential for harm or adverse consequences arising from cyber security threats and vulnerabilities associated with AI systemsÓ. Yes No [If yes], please provide evidence (if possible) and reasons for your answer. Q28. Thank you for taking the time to complete the survey. We really appreciate your time. Is there any other feedback that you wish to share? Yes No [If yes], Please set out your additional feedback. Annex E: Other interventions considered Criteria that informed the development of the policy interventions The Government has created criteria to assess the effectiveness of each policy option. Each intervention was tested to determine if it would address the issues raised from the evidence findings (see Annex A) and promote the behaviours we want developers of AI models (see above) and those seeking to deploy AI to follow.