the issues and previous questions, respondents were asked to express a preference between the three approaches set out in the consultation: • allow the ongoing package of reform to be implemented before considering the introduction of additional statutory measures; • introduction of a mandatory reporting duty; or • introduction of a duty to act. Question 11: Having considered the issues outlined in the consultation and your answers above, which of the following would be most preferable? Response Number of respondents Percentage Allowing the package of reform measures focused on improving how the whole system responds to child abuse and neglect to be implemented before considering the introduction of additional statutory measures 457 63% The introduction of a mandatory reporting duty focused on increasing the reporting of child abuse and neglect 85 12% The introduction of a duty to act, focused on taking appropriate action in relation to child abuse and neglect, with sanctions for deliberate and reckless failures 182 25% Total responses: 724 100% Table note. For this question only, responses to the online and offline survey have been combined with the written submissions to provide an overall picture to the main question. 93. Responses to this question produced a clear majority of 63% of respondents preferring the option of allowing the existing Government reform programme time to be implemented before considering additional statutory measures of the type outlined in the consultation. Of respondents who provided information about their professional sector, the largest categories of responder supporting this option were from the education, health and local authority sectors. 94. Just over a quarter of respondents (25%) preferred the introduction of a duty to act. The largest categories of responder supporting this option were from the education sector, members of the public and the health sector. 95. Only 12% of respondents supported the introduction of mandatory reporting. The largest categories of responder preferring this option were from the education sector, health sector and members of the public. 21 Scope, accountability and sanctions 96. The consultation considered issues relating to the scope, accountability and sanctions which would apply to either mandatory reporting or a duty to act, in the event that one of them was introduced. 97. Respondents were asked for views on a range of issues relating to aspects of child abuse and neglect that a new duty might cover. Question 12: If a new statutory measure is introduced, do you agree with the following elements of the proposed scope? 98. A clear majority of respondents who answered this question (68%) agreed that any new statutory duty should apply to all forms of child abuse and neglect (including online abuse and grooming), 71% disagreed that a new duty should apply to children under 18 only and 68% disagreed that it should apply to present day abuse and neglect only. 65% disagreed that it should apply to abuse and neglect encountered during the course of a practitionerÕs day to day role only. 99. Views were more balanced in respect of the remaining