at Annex 4C allows the lead assessors to record multiple outcomes for each hazard. Although a variety of outcomes may be considered for a particular type of risk, the LRF may decide that only a small number need to be captured in the CRR. 4.47. Each assessment should be carried out by a group of professionals with a pragmatic mix of evidence and judgment, which should be documented as far as possible. Where appropriate, the assessments of likelihood will be informed by studies on the vulnerability (i.e. susceptibility to damage or harm) and resilience (ability to withstand damage or harm) of the relevant sites, systems and communities. The assessments of likelihood and of impact should adopt the scales provided at Annex 4D. 4.48. It is possible that the generic local assessments of likelihood provided by central government in the LRAG will refer to outcomes of hazards that were not identified by the Category 1 responders. Category 1 responders can adopt different outcomes if they feel that this is necessary, but should document their reasons for doing so. It will not be possible for central government to re-issue the generic assessments with the revised outcomes, but it should be possible to take account of the new outcomes when agreeing the national risk assessment framework in subsequent years. Assessing the impact of hazards 4.49. The next stage is to assess the impacts of the hazards. At Annex 4B, a generic framework is provided for assessing the local impacts of events in a consistent way. Using the impact scales provided, the lead assessors should assess the impact of hazards in their local areas. 4.26. 4.50. 4.51 4.52. 4.53. Category 1 and 2 responders and other organisations engaged in response should not share risk assessments (either through the LRF or otherwise) if the information in the assessment is sensitive (e.g. commercially sensitive or relating to national security) and the responder has reason to believe that to do so would compromise the information. Chapter 3 provides further guidance. The lead assessors should capture the agreed likelihood and impact assessments in the individual risk assessment forms for consideration by the RAWG. Step 4: Risk evaluation Once the RAWG has agreed the individual risk assessment forms, the results should be collated and incorporated in the CRR, unless sensitive. The level of risk can then be determined by plotting likelihood and impact scores for each hazard on a risk matrix (see Annex 4F). The production of a risk matrix is an essential part of the risk assessment process. Not only does it enable the risk analysis to be interpreted against pre-defined criteria, but it greatly facilitates the communication of the risk assessment. Annex 4F provides descriptions of the four risk ratings (ÔVery highÕ, ÔHighÕ, ÔMediumÕ and ÔLowÕ) and addresses their relative significance for directing emergency planning. Note that in this risk matrix, the impact score is given a slightly greater weighting than the likelihood score. For example, an ÔUnlikelyÕ (2) but ÔCatastrophicÕ (5) risk scores ÔVery highÕ, whereas