as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire breech face. All locking lugs must be removed or substantially weakened. 1.8 Breech block/bolt head: Weld the firing pin hole. 1.9 Slide: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire surface. barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels submitted will be recorded on the deactivation certificate of the firearm they are submitted with. 1.10 Slide: Remove the firing pin. Remove or shorten the firing pin. If shortened, the firing pin tip must be at least 3mm below the deactivated breech face. 1.11 Slide: Remove locking lugs in slide. 1.12 Slide: Where applicable, machine the inside of This applies to pistols such as 1.1 the locking edge of the ejection port in the slide to an angle at a range of 45 to 75 degrees. Glock, SIG and H&K USP where the barrel locks into ejection port as opposed to lugs within the slide. 1.13 Slide: If the breech block can be taken o? the This applies to pistols such as slide body, the deactivated breech block has SIG P22X and the HK P9S 1.1 to be permanently fixed to the slide body. 1.14 Frame/Receiver: Remove feed ramp where present. 1.15 Frame/Receiver: Machine away at least 2/3 of the slide rails on both sides of the frame. where the breech block is a separate component. 1.16 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the As long as the physical link to 1.1 physical operating link between the trigger blade and the hammer, striker or sear. Fuse the trigger mechanism together with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not the firing mechanism is destroyed, it is acceptable for the trigger blade and any external hammer be left free to move. However, they must be possible, remove the trigger mechanism and independent of each other and fill the area with weld or epoxy resin. 1.17 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). 1.18 Automatic system: Destroy the gas piston, gas pipe and gas port by cutting or welding. 1.19 Automatic system: If there is no gas piston, remove gas pipe. If the barrel is used as a gas piston, weld the deactivated barrel to the housing. In all cases where present, close the barrelÕs gas vent by welding. not linked in any way. This applies to pistols such as the Tokarev or SIG 250 where the trigger mechanism is housed in a separate unit dropped into the frame. 1.20 Magazines: Weld the magazine with spots or The term magazine refers to use appropriate measures with the equivalent detachable magazines only, degree of permanence, depending on