socio- economic context. Professionals should develop an individual response for every child and young person affected, including for siblings.87 82 ONS. Childhood vulnerability to victimisation in England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): data year ending March 2017 to year ending March 2019. 83 ONS. Partner abuse in detail, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2018. 84 Holt, S., Buckley, H., Whelan, S., 2008. The impact of exposure to domestic violence on children and young people: A review of the literature. Child Abuse & Neglect, 32(8), pp. 97-810. 85 Child Safeguarding Practice Review Panel. Annual Report 2020: Patterns in practice, key messages and 2021 work programme: 2021. 86 SafeLives. Q3 2019 Focus on Children in the Household.pdf (safelives.org.uk): 2019. 87 The Young People’s Family Justice Board have produced some top tips for professionals working with children and young people who have experience of and been affected by domestic abuse. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance A review of 877 child abuse cases between February 2011 to September 2013 showed that the majority (97%) of children living with domestic abuse are exposed to that abuse. Of the children exposed to the abuse, two thirds were directly harmed, most often physically or emotionally abused, or neglected. When looking at all children that were exposed to domestic abuse, over half had behavioural problems, or felt responsible or to blame for negative events. Difficulties adjusting at school were found in over a third of cases.88 Non-physical forms of domestic abuse like coercive control have a significant impact on children89 and professionals focused on physical acts of violence may fail to understand the daily experience of victims and children, how it is affecting them, and the level of risk posed by perpetrators. Experiencing domestic abuse perpetrated by or directed towards a relative can have devastating consequences for children. Experience of domestic abuse is recognised as an Adverse Childhood Experience (ACE). Other ACEs include physical, psychological, and sexual abuse, or household dysfunction such as having incarcerated relatives or relatives experiencing substance abuse or mental illness. Research suggests that ACEs can often overlap, occurring in clusters.90 A child’s relationship with a trusted adult who has capacity to support them, wider family networks, friendship groups, and the type and frequency of the abuse are important factors. Broadly, some of the impacts that domestic abuse can have on children can include91: Feeling anxious or depressed; Low self-esteem and difficulties with forming healthy relationships; Hypervigilance in reading body language or changes in mood and atmosphere; Having difficulty sleeping, nightmares; Physical symptoms such as stomach aches or bed wetting; Delayed development or deterioration in speech, language and communication; Reduction in school attainment, truancy, risk of exclusion from school; Increased application to activities outside the home, including academia or sports, as a distraction; 88 Co-ordinated Action Against Domestic Abuse (CAADA). Insights into domestic abuse 2: In plain sight: The evidence from children exposed to domestic abuse: 2014. 89 The multi-agency response to children