that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) the need to safeguard victims of crime and witnesses, taking into account any vulnerabilities of any alleged victim of, or alleged witness to, the offence for which the person was arrested where these vulnerabilities have been identified by the constable, (d) the need to safeguard the person, taking into account any vulnerabilities of the person where these vulnerabilities have been identified by the constable, and (e) the need to manage risks to the public.Ó 18 (1) Section 50A of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (interpretation of references to pre-conditions for bail) is amended as follows. (2) The existing text becomes subsection (1). (3) After that subsection insertÑ Ò(2) In determining whether releasing the person on bail is necessary and proportionate in all the circumstances, the custody officer must have regard in particular toÑ (a) the need to secure that the person surrenders to custody, (b) the need to prevent offending by the person, (c) the need to safeguard victims of crime and witnesses, taking into account any vulnerabilities of any alleged victim of, or alleged witness to, the offence for which the person was arrested where these vulnerabilities have been identified by the custody officer, (d) the need to safeguard the person, taking into account any vulnerabilities of the person where these vulnerabilities have been identified by the custody officer, and (e) the need to manage risks to the public.Ó PART 3 DUTY TO SEEK VIEWS OF ALLEGED VICTIMS Amendments to the Bail Act 1976 (c. 63) 19 In section 3A of the Bail Act 1976 (conditions of bail in case of police bail), after subsection (6) insertÑ Ò(7) For further provision about the grant of bail by a custody officer under Part 4 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 or the variation by a custody 278 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes officer of the conditions of bail granted under that Part, see section 47ZZA of that Act.Ó Amendments to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c. 60) 20 The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 is amended as follows. 21 (1) Section 30CA (bail under section 30A: variation of conditions by police) is amended as follows. (2) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) If it is reasonably practicable to do so, the investigating officer must seek the views of the alleged victim (if any) of