Health by contacting the unit directly. 3.3 Joint Referral Staff working within safety critical roles can self refer to the unit, as standard however the joint referral process will be established. 3.4 Staff Undergoing Suspension / Investigation / Complaints People Services or a Line Manager will complete a Management Referral as deemed appropriate for any member of staff undergoing suspension, investigation or subject of a complaint. Staff suspended from work are permitted to attend Occupational Health in compliance with their suspension instructions. 3.5 Selected Medical Practitioner (SMP) In Police Officer cases where there is need for consideration of Ill Health Retirement, Injury On Duty Awards or confirmation of restrictions, People services will complete a Management Referral instructing Occupational Health to commence the formal SMP process. 3.6 Independent Medical Review (IRMP) In Police Staff cases, where there is a need for consideration for access to the Pension scheme, People Services will complete a Management Referral instructing Occupational Health to commence the formal process. 3.7 Appointments Staff referred to the unit via Management Referral will be informed of appointments by e-mail or letter within forty-eight hours of the unit receiving the referral. Staff self referring to the unit will be informed of appointments by e-mail, letter or telephone. Officers and staff will be expected to attend appointments at the OH Unit unless an alternative location is advised by a clinical member of staff. 3.8 Refusal to attend the OH Unit In the event of a Police Officer/Police staff member not attending their appointment the referring Manager and HR will be informed. (Only in the case of a Management Referral). Where either a police officer or a member of police staff fails to co-operate either by attending an appointment or refusing to liaise with Occupational Health the referring line manager and HR will be informed 3.9 Requesting GP/Specialist Reports The Occupational Health Unit may request specialist advice from a consultant, the individuals GP, or in the case of Police Transferees, Occupational Health records from the home force. 4. Occupational Health Reports 4.1 Consent to the Release of a Management Report Any report generated following a consultation with Occupational Health is subject to the requirement to obtain the consent of the individual prior to being sent to HR and the referring manager. 4.2 Disabilities A Police Officer or member of Police staff may disclose a disability in confidence to a member of OH staff. The OH professional will advise regarding the advantages and disadvantages of disclosing a disability. The only circumstances where a disability can be revealed without consent is in expceptional circumstances, ie: for the health and safety of the individual member and others. 4.3 Medical Confidentiality Confidentiality is a major consideration when handling personal and medical information, verbally or written. All information either written or held by computer is maintained in a confidential manner and is not divulged without the consent of the individual. There may be occasion to breach confidentiality but these are very rare. 4.4 Medical Records Information held in