instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.Ó (11) For subsection (5) of that section there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(5) For the purposes of this Chapter, a person provides a specimen of blood if and only ifÑ (a) he consents to the taking of such a specimen from him; and (b) the specimen is taken from him by a medical practitioner or, if it is taken in a police station, either by a medical practitioner or by a registered health care professional.Ó Seizure of motor vehicles 59 Vehicles used in manner causing alarm, distress or annoyance (1) Where a constable in uniform has reasonable grounds for believing that a motor vehicle is being used on any occasion in a manner whichÑ (a) contravenes section 3 or 34 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52) (careless and inconsiderate driving and prohibition of off-road driving), and (b) is causing, or is likely to cause, alarm, distress or annoyance to members of the public, he shall have the powers set out in subsection (3). (2) A constable in uniform shall also have the powers set out in subsection (3) where he has reasonable grounds for believing that a motor vehicle has been used on any occasion in a manner falling within subsection (1). (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 121 (3) Those powers areÑ (a) power, if the motor vehicle is moving, to order the person driving it to stop the vehicle; (b) power to seize and remove the motor vehicle; (c) power, for the purposes of exercising a power falling within paragraph (a) or (b), to enter any premises on which he has reasonable grounds for believing the motor vehicle to be; (d) power to use reasonable force, if necessary, in the exercise of any power conferred by any of paragraphs to (a) to (c). (4) A constable shall not seize a motor vehicle in the exercise of the powers conferred on him by this section unlessÑ (a) he has warned the person appearing to him to be the person whose use falls within subsection (1) that he will seize it, if that use continues or is repeated; and (b) it appears to him that the use has continued or been repeated after the warning. (5) Subsection (4) does not require a warning to be given by a constable on any occasion on which he would otherwise have the power to seize