Act 2009 comes into force. In the case of any other aerodrome to which this Part applies, the relevant day is— in relation to the risk advisory group, the end of the period of 1 month beginning with the date on which the aerodrome becomes one to which this Part applies, and in relation to the security executive group, the end of the period of 3 months beginning with that date. Disputes about security planning 24AM Meaning of dispute about security planning This section applies for the purposes of the following provisions of this Part. There is a dispute about security planning for an aerodrome if there is— a dispute about the contents of an aerodrome security plan for the aerodrome (see subsection (3)), or a dispute about the implementation of an aerodrome security plan for the aerodrome (see subsection (4)). There is a dispute about the contents of an aerodrome security plan for an aerodrome if— there is a dispute between any of the members of the security executive group about the provisions to be included in a plan and, in consequence, there is, or there is likely to be, a breach of the requirement imposed by section 24AE(1), there is a dispute between any of the members of the security executive group about whether or how a plan should be varied, or the members of the security executive group and a relevant person who makes an objection under section 24AI are unable to reach agreement on whether or not a proposal by the group should be withdrawn or varied in the light of the objection. 116 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes There is a dispute about the implementation of an aerodrome security plan if a member of the security executive group for the aerodrome thinks that a relevant person in relation to the aerodrome is failing to, or has failed to, comply with the duty in section 24AE(7). 24AN Power to refer dispute to Secretary of State If there is a dispute about the contents of an aerodrome security plan, any member of the security executive group for the aerodrome may refer the dispute to the Secretary of State. If there is a dispute about the implementation of an aerodrome security plan, any member of the security executive group for the aerodrome may refer the dispute to the Secretary of State. 24AO Powers of Secretary of State in relation to disputes This section applies where— a dispute about security planning for an aerodrome