lawful to do so. If an individual is judged to be unsuitable for other reasons, the club liaison officer should be formally so notified in a timely manner. If a club is not advised of unsuitability, it is unlikely to refuse or terminate membership until after an incident has occurred. The club liaison officer or other club official may 152 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law then inform the applicant that the police consider him to be unsuitable as a firearm certificate holder, and may refuse the application. In doing so the applicant should be given the contact details of the police firearms licensing department to enable them to make representations. 17.27 The police must notify a club if a memberÕs firearm certificate is revoked or refused. In addition, clubs should be told in general terms of the reason for the revocation or refusal in order that they can make an informed decision whether to allow the member to continue shooting as a member of the club. Grant of approval 17.28 If an application for the Secretary of State or the Scottish MinistersÕ approval is granted, a letter of approval will be sent to the applicant (club secretary). A copy of the approval will also be sent to the chief officer of police. A decision to withhold approval will be notified in the same way. Fees for shooting club approvals 17.29 Part 3 of The Firearms (Fees) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/1169) sets out the fees payable to the Home Office or Scottish Government before an approval under section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 is granted, varied or renewed. The fees are replicated in Chapter 19. 17.30 The fees cannot be charged on a Òpro rataÓ basis for authorisations of shorter duration. Refunds are not available after an approval has been granted. 17.31 The Home Office or the Scottish Government will determine the category an application falls under, in accordance with the legislation, and will process the application accordingly, charging the relevant fee. 17.32 Fees for all club approvals are invoiced when a decision has been made on an application but before the letter of approval is issued. Invoices are sent via email to the invoicing contact on the application form. 17.33 Fees for shooting clubs in England and Wales should be paid to the Home Office by one of the following methods: • Bankers Automated Clearing Service (BACS). • Clearing House Automated Payment System (CHAPS). • Credit or debit card. 17.34 Please ensure when making a payment that your invoice number is included in the reference section of your bank transfer. Please send any remittance advice to: Shared Service Connected Limited HO Box 5003 Newport NP20 9BB 153 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 17.35 For Scotland, invoices will be sent by post to the contact on the application. Fees can be paid to the Scottish Government by one of the following methods: • Bankers Automated Clearing Service (BACS) • Clearing House Automated Payment System (CHAPS) • Debit card •