6pm on a Saturday afternoon. I went outside and collapsed again, and then went from bad to worse. ThatÕs what I can remember. (Participant 2) For those incidents where there was some recollection or suspicion about where the incident had taken place, a pub, bar or club was the most common venue (the location of 240 incidents Ð 75% of the 321 incidents where the venue was recorded). However, not all took place in busy nightlife venues, with a number of o#ences taking place at a residential (including university) address (61 incidents, 19%), on the street (14 incidents, 4%) on a train (4 incidents, 1%) or at a live music event (2 incidents, > 1%). As with previous caveats, it is important to note that di#erent police forces recorded locations in di#erent ways, and that victims did not always know where the incident had taken place, so this should be considered a general pattern and understood with that limitation. The takeaway point here is that while most incidents happened in pubs, bars and clubs, needle spiking is not exclusively a night time economy problem. This echoes "ndings from research on other forms of spiking (Swan et al. 2017, Burrell et al. 2023). These "ndings show that needle spiking followed a pattern of reporting across England and Wales, that a wide range of places on the body were suspected as being spiked by a syringe, and that although most incidents took place within the night time economy, this was not exclusively the case. Needle spikings were rarely perpetrated as a Ôgateway crimeÕ to another criminal offence Until now, research on spiking in the UK has focused almost exclusively on spiking as a means to committing other o#ences, particularly rape and serious sexual o#ences. While drug facilitated sexual assault undoubtedly requires research, looking at spiking only through the sexual assault lens has limited our understandings and excluded other possibilities, such as Ôfor a laugh/for funÕ (McPherson 2007, Swan et al. 2017). Research in the UK and internationally shows that the most frequently detected substance in drug facilitated sexual assault is alcohol rather than Ôdate rape drugsÕ (Gee et al. 2006, Anderson et al. 2017). Looking at spiking only through the lens of sexual assault is a problem for a number of reasons. First, it is not always the case Ôdate rapeÕ drugs are used. The ÔBlack Cab rapistÕ John Worboys spiked glasses of champagne with sleeping tablets before sexually assaulting his female passengers. He was convicted in 2009 of 12 cases, but the number of reports exceeded 100 (Siddique 2021). The second problem is that it assumes that there will always be a follow on, Ômore seriousÕ o#ence than spiking. This may imply that the spiking o#ence does not warrant a full investigation in itself, despite its seriousness. This was how one victim we spoke to was made to feel, despite experiencing a secondary o#ence of serious sexual assault, when she tried to report the spiking: The whole ordeal was horrible. I