under any circumstances. Table of Contents At the end of employment with Wiltshire Police, it is the personal responsibility of the individual to return all uniform and equipment to the Manager or Supervisor undertaking the exit interview, and the personal responsibility of the Manager or Supervisor to ensure this is actually done. 11. Security Advice for Uniformed Staff Uniformed Police officers, Special Constabulary and staff members of Wiltshire Police should follow any specific advice about wearing uniform when travelling to and from duty, in line with the current threat level. This includes a recommendation to not wear uniform on the travel to and from work, to remove lanyards and parking permits from view and to remain vigilant and report any matter of worry or concern. If officers or staff are seen travelling to or from duty clearly displaying police identification they should expect to be challenged. 12. Standards of Dress Ð Uniform Head to Toe Headwear Headwear will be worn by uniformed officers, special constabulary, PCSOs, and Staff who have been issued them, when in public view. Hats may be removed whilst in vehicles or buildings. When this is being exercised, a common sense approach will be applied when responding to an unplanned incident requiring immediate attention. Officers, Special Constabulary, PCSOs and Police Staff wishing to wear headwear for religious and cultural beliefs will be accommodated where possible subject to the undertaking of a risk assessment to the specific role. Male Constables, Sergeants and Special Constabulary equivalent ranks will wear custodian helmets whilst on foot patrol. Male Inspectors and above, and Special Constabulary equivalent ranks, will wear caps unless engaged in public order command when there is a serious public disorder, then a NATO helmet will be worn as per the PSU dress code. Male PCSOs will wear force issue caps. Female officers, Special Constabulary and PCSOs will wear force issue bowler hats. Police officers and PCSOs riding police pedal cycles whilst on duty are to wear the Force issue pedal cycle safety helmets which have the ÒPOLICEÓ or ÒPCSOÓ wording on them. Police motorcyclists will wear a Force issue motorcycle helmet when on patrol. Specialist headwear such as baseball caps may only be worn in accordance with the role the officer is undertaking. Officers, Special Constabulary and PCSO members of Wiltshire Police may wear a prayer hat (kufi or topi) or skullcap (kippah). As this usually fits underneath the custodian helmet, this should have no health and safety implications. Muslim officers, special Constabulary and PCSO members of Wiltshire Police may wear the traditional headdress (hijab) underneath the standard issue hat. This will be provided by the force and will be of black matt material. The hijab will have fastenings that are suitable for quick release and will be worn in such a way that the wearerÕs face, service insignia and any other identification remain available. The hijab will be worn tucked into any high-visibility clothing. Turbans can be worn instead of the custodian helmet for standard tours of duty.