are entirely voluntary. Online Abuse is any type of abuse that happens on the web, whether through social networks, playing online games or using mobile phones. Children and young people may experience cyberbullying, grooming, sexual abuse, sexual exploitation or emotional abuse. Forced Marriage - forcing a person into a marriage is a crime in England and Wales. A forced marriage is one entered into without the full and free consent of both parties and where violence, threats or any other form of coercion is used to cause a person to enter into a marriage. Honour Based Violence or so-called honour-based violence (HBV) encompasses crimes which have been committed to protect or defend the honour of a family and/or community, including female genital mutilation, forced marriage and practices such as breast ironing. All forms of HBV are abuse and should be handled and escalated as such. Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is a mandatory reporting duty and comprises all procedures involving partial or total removal of the external female genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs. It is illegal in the UK and a form of child abuse. Section 5B of the Female Genitalia Mutilation Act 2003 (as inserted by section 74 of the Serious Crime Act 2015) places a duty upon teachers/tutors to report to the Police where they discover that FGM appears to have been carried out on a child under 18 years. PREVENT Prevent is about safeguarding and supporting those vulnerable to radicalisation. Prevent has 3 clear aims: 1. Respond to the ideological challenge we face from terrorism and aspects of extremism, and the threat we face from those who promote these views. 2. Provides practical help to prevent people from being drawn into terrorism and ensure they are given appropriate advice and support. 3. Works with a wide range of sectors (including education, criminal justice, faith charities, online and health) where there are risks of radicalisation that we need to deal with. 1. The aim of Prevent is to reduce the threat to the UK from terrorism by stopping people becoming terrorists or supporting terrorism. Delivery of Prevent is grounded in early intervention and safeguarding. Prevent addresses all forms of terrorism and we continue to prioritise according to the threat posed to our national security. The allocation of resources will be proportionate to the threats we face. The most significant of these threats is currently from terrorist organisations associated with Al QaÕida, Daesh, terrorists associated with extreme right-wing ideologies and lone actors inspired by such organisations. This list is not exhaustive. Risk and threat to the UK is subject to constant review and updated accordingly. The UK Government remains absolutely committed to protecting freedom of speech. But preventing terrorism will mean challenging extremist (and non-violent) ideas that are also part of a terrorist ideology, including instances of unclear, mixed or unstable ideology. Prevent also facilitates interventions to stop people moving from extremist activity to terrorist-related activity. The Counter- Extremism Strategy defines extremism as Ôthe vocal or