by the police how to apply for compensation through the Scheme28 (see Right 3). 5.3 The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority is responsible for administering the Scheme. 5.4 Do not delay your application. You must apply as soon as reasonably practical. This should normally be within two years of the date of the incident. The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority can only extend the time limits where there are exceptional circumstances.29 Different rules apply if you were aged under 18 years of age at the time of the incident. To be eligible for compensation, you will need to meet the wider eligibility criteria set out within the Scheme. 5.5 You should not wait for the outcome of a criminal trial to apply. Your claim is not dependent on the conviction of an offender. However, the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority may put your application on hold until you know the outcome of the trial, if they do not have sufficient information to be able to progress your claim. 5.6 The Scheme is one of last resort. Where the opportunity exists to pursue compensation elsewhere, you should do so. An award under the Scheme will take account of other compensatory payments made to you, such as court ordered compensation or a civil personal injury award. The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority may defer making a decision on a claim until you take reasonable steps to seek compensation through other routes available to you and await the outcome of those steps. 27 If you are considering making an application for criminal injuries compensation to the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority, you should be aware that an award will be withheld unless you have cooperated as far as reasonably practicable in bringing the assailant to justice. 28 Eligibility for compensation from the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority may depend on your residency or nationality unless you are conclusively identified by a competent authority as a victim of trafficking in human beings or granted asylum under Immigration Rules made under section 3(2) of the Immigration Act 1971. 29 Due to exceptional circumstances an application could not have been made earlier; and there is evidence available that a crime of violence occurred and a claims officer can make a decision without further extensive enquiries. 1 5.7 Once you have applied, the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority will confirm that your application has been received and respond to all written correspondence regarding your application within 20 working days of it being received. 5.8 Having considered your application, you will be provided with information on the Right to review the Criminal Injuries Compensation AuthorityÕs decision, including the procedure and time limits for reviewing that decision. 5.9 Further information about applying for compensation can be found at: www.gov.uk/claim- compensation-criminal-injury, from the police, your local support service, or by contacting the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority on: 0300 003 3601.30 5.10 Whilst it is outside of the scope of the Code, UK victims injured in terrorist attacks abroad may also be entitled to compensation through the Victims