ceiling and floor although it would be right to take account of the benefits gained from the intervening layers of the ÒonionÓ. If the store features an external wall, close attention will need to be paid to the construction. Although its replacement may not be practicable there are ways of giving it considerable additional strength. 6.17 Consideration must always be given to bricking up or otherwise boarding over window apertures with substantial materials which will very often find favour as it may improve the environmental factors. 6.18 The doors together with their frames must be of security quality but again scale will come into this with large collections in unattended buildings having strong room quality doors and gates. It can be expected as 6.1 a minimum for the door to feature mortice locking at one third and two third levels, with matching hinge bolts. 6.19 As with the domestic situation, a small collection of firearms housed in a store that has only limited attack resisting qualities can be compensated for by the use of cabinets that conform to BS7558. In the case of extensive collections the provision of secure racking will depend on the quality of other physical elements of the equation (e.g. doors) and the nature of the use of the area in which they are housed (e.g. presence of unlicensed staff). Intruder Detection System 6.20 The museum will need to have an intruder detection system that conforms to BS4737 and connects to an alarm-receiving centre over monitored line (e.g. BT Redcare) which will provide for a police response. Some museums have 24/7 security staff and protected control rooms, and where appropriate, these will deal with incidents and notify the police as necessary. Although trap protection will necessarily feature, the system needs to provide for the monitoring of the shell of the building in support of its physical security features in order that there might be the earliest notification of attack. 6.21 Whenever firearms are present, either on display or in store, staff need to have immediate access to some means of communications (encrypted radios/personal attack devices) linked to the intruder detection system or to a 24/7 control room facility. 6.22 Chief Officers may wish to have contingency arrangements for the response to museums housing firearms featuring high priority and armed response units. Where such arrangements are made, to minimise the potential for false alarms it should normally be required that alarm systems include verification. Automatic Fire Detection System 6.23 The museum will need to have a fire detection system connected in a similar manner to the intruder detection system. Manned Guarding 6.24 An out of hours security presence can provide for an efficient monitoring of the site but those involved must not have the direct means of entering any stores or areas where large collections are stored. In some circumstances it may be necessary for security guards however to have access to areas where firearms are in display conditions. 6.25 Night guarding will often mean that an extensive