neighbour is a tenant, you can complain to their landlord. This could be a housing association, the council or a private landlord. Previous Talk to your neighbour Next Use a mediation service Related content Contact the police How to report antisocial behaviour Report a noise nuisance to your council Controlling y our dog in public Your property boundaries A guide to civil mediation View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing and local services Noise, neig hbours, pets and pests Resolving neighbour disputes High hedges, trees and boundaries You must try to settle a dispute about a high hedg e informally before the council can intervene. Ask your council for a complaint form if the hedge is all of these: 2 or more mostly evergreen or semi-evergreen trees or shrubs over 2 metres tall a?ecting your enjoyment of your home or garden because itÕs too tall You might have to pay the council a fee to consider your complaint. Read more about complaining to your council about a high hedge. When you can trim hedges or trees You can trim branches or roots that cross into your property from a neighbourÕs property or a public road. You can only trim up to the property boundary. If you do more than this, your neighbour could take you to court for damaging their property. If you live in a conservation area, or the trees in the hedge are protected by a Ôtree preservation orderÕ, you might need y our councilÕs permission to trim them. If your property borders a road The highways authority can ask you to cut back hedges or trees on your property if theyÕre causing an obstruction in the road. If you refuse, they can go into your property without your permission to do the work themselves. They may charge you for this. Property damage from hedges Your neighbour is responsible for maintaining their hedges so they do not, for example, damage your property or grow too high. If they do damage your property, your neighbour may be liable. Boundaries and shared (ÔpartyÕ) walls Disputes about what is the exact boundary between 2 properties can be di?cult to solve so get legal advice. You must give notice to your neighbour if you are going to do work on a shared (ÔpartyÕ) wall. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) has free advice on boundary disputes and party walls (the walls you share with your neighbours). Related