• Set out an expectation for all landlords to self-refer breaches with the regulatory standards. • Strengthen the Regulator of Social HousingÕs powers to provide robust economic regulation of private registered providers. • Require the Regulator of Social Housing to set up an Advisory Committee to provide independent and unbiased advice on discharging its functions. 49. These changes will ensure that the needs of tenants are embedded in the culture of all landlords. These reforms are informed by the review of social housing regulation and the Call for Evidence that we published alongside the social housing Green Paper. The findings of the review are set out in Annex A: Key findings and measures for changing the regulatory regime for social housing. 50. It is vital to ensure that the new consumer regulation regime is carefully designed, to make sure that it can help deliver the culture change set out in this White Paper. Some of the measures set out in this chapter will require primary legislation before they can be implemented, and we will legislate as soon 16 https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/quarterly-survey-for-q1-april-to-june-2020-to-2021 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 35 as parliamentary time allows. We know that delivering the scale of reform set out in this White Paper will involve extensive engagement with the sector to make sure we are getting this right, and we will expect the regulator to consult with landlords and tenants as they design the reformed consumer regime to make sure it delivers the outcomes set out in this chapter. Retaining co-regulation 51. The existing regulatory regime works on the basis of co-regulation. This means that it is the responsibility of the boards of housing associations and other private providers of social housing, or of councillors in local authority landlords, to be assured that they comply with the outcome focused standards set by the the regulator. The regulator will seek assurance that boards and councillors have sufficient oversight of compliance with those standards, and any regulatory intervention must be justified and proportionate. Economic regulation is working well, and our review has shown that landlords and investors share that view. We recommend that the Regulator of Social Housing retains the principle of co-regulation, as it ensures that the focus is on driving good outcomes for existing and future tenants and that the fundamental responsibility for effective service delivery lies with local authorities, housing associations and other private registered providers. There will be a new regime for regulating social housing 52. An earlier review of regulation, in 2010, led to the adoption of a reactive approach to consumer regulation for housing associations, local authorities and other private registered providers.17 This means that currently the regulator does not proactively scrutinise landlord compliance or routinely monitor performance Ð it only acts when issues are bought to its attention. This risks serious systemic failures against consumer standards being uncovered at a late stage. 53. At present the regulator can only use its powers to tackle a breach of a consumer