of action may only become apparent after decisions have been made. Everyone in policing holds a privileged position in society that depends on the consent of the public. Our mission, to help keep the public safe, relies on us having public acceptance and cooperation. We must all strive to deliver an honourable and legitimate police service deserving of the public’s support. We work with, and for, the public. We earn the public’s confidence when we listen to what they have to say, make decisions that are fair and unbiased, and are open and honest about our decisions. Securing public trust also means working within the limits of the law and being accountable for our actions. Each of us is responsible for upholding the integrity of our profession. We support each other, but never to the detriment of the public. We treat each other with respect and behave in ways that demonstrate and reinforce the standards of our society and the standards expected of us. The ethical policing principles help us to achieve this. Using the principles We will use the ethical policing principles to help us make and reflect on our professional decisions. As policing professionals, we commit to the following. Courage – making, communicating and being accountable for decisions, and standing against anything that could bring our profession into disrepute. Respect and empathy – encouraging, listening to and understanding the views of others, and seeking to recognise and respond to the physical, mental and emotional challenges that we and other people may face. Public service – working in the public interest, fostering public trust and confidence, and taking pride in providing an excellent service to the public. Download a poster Ethical policing requires courage, respect and empathy, and public service. These principles help us make and reflect on our professional decisions. As policing professionals, we commit to Courage – making, communicating and being accountable for decisions, and standing against anything that could bring our profession into disrepute. Respect and empathy – encouraging, listening to and understanding the views of others, and seeking to recognise and respond to the physical, mental and emotional challenges that we and other people may face. Public service – working in the public interest, fostering public trust and confidence, and taking pride in providing an excellent service to the public. Ethical policing principles help people in policing do the right things, in the right way, for the right reasons. Gallwch wylio'r fideo yma yn Gymraeg (You can watch this video in Welsh) Courage We show courage by: taking responsibility setting an example challenging unprofessional behaviour and practice being honest, open and accountable encouraging feedback and scrutiny Ethical policing requires courage We show courage by taking responsibility We are responsible for doing the right thing, even when the circumstances are difficult. Deciding the right course of action is not always easy, particularly in situations that are uncertain. We embrace the trust placed on us by the public. As part of our decision-making process, we consider our