or is one which it would be appropriate to so refer]. [F691(4) In a case where the appropriate authority determines that the matter is one which it or he is required to refer to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 13, or is one which it would be appropriate to so refer, it or he shall record the matter. (4A) In any other case, the appropriate authority shall determine whether the matter falls within a description of matters specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this sub-paragraph. (4B) In a case where the appropriate authority determines that the matter does not fall within such a description, it or he shall record the matter. (4C) In any other case, the appropriate authority may (but need not) record the matter. (4D) In a case where the appropriate authority— records a matter under this paragraph, and is not required to refer the matter to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 13 and does not do so, the appropriate authority may deal with the matter in such other manner (if any) as it or he may determine.] Nothing in [F692sub-paragraph (4) or (4B)] shall require the appropriate authority to record any conduct matter if it is satisfied that the matter has been, or is already being, dealt with by means of criminal or disciplinary proceedings against the person to whose conduct the matter relates. For the purposes of this paragraph civil proceedings involve a conduct matter if— they relate to such a matter; or they are proceedings that relate to a matter in relation to which a conduct matter, or evidence of a conduct matter, is or may be relevant. The Secretary of State may by regulations provide for the times at which, or the periods within which, any requirement of this paragraph is to be complied with; and the period from which any such period is to run shall be such time as may be specified in those regulations or as may be determined in a manner set out in the regulations. 182 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Recording etc. of conduct matters in other cases 11 (1) [F693This paragraph applies where—] a conduct matter comes (otherwise than as mentioned in paragraph 10) to the attention of the [F694local policing body] or chief officer who is the appropriate authority in relation to that matter, and it appears to the appropriate authority that the conduct involved in that matter falls within sub-paragraph (2), F695.