force, and (b) any application for compensation made before that day in relation to which the question whether there is a right to compensation has not been finally determined before that day by the Secretary of State under subsection (3) of that section. 176 Low-value shoplifting (1) The Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 is amended as follows. (2) In section 2 (trial of summary offences), in subsection (3)(a) for Ò22Ó there is substituted Ò 22A Ó. (3) After section 22 there is insertedÑ Ò22A Low-value shoplifting to be a summary offence (1) Low-value shoplifting is triable only summarily. (2) But where a person accused of low-value shoplifting is aged 18 or over, and appears or is brought before the court before the summary trial of the offence begins, the court must give the person the opportunity of electing to be tried by the Crown Court for the offence and, if the person elects to be so triedÑ (a) subsection (1) does not apply, and (b) the court must send the person to the Crown Court for trial for the offence. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 13 Ð Criminal justice and court fees CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 159 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) ÒLow-value shopliftingÓ means an offence under section 1 of the Theft Act 1968 in circumstances whereÑ (a) the value of the stolen goods does not exceed £200, (b) the goods were being offered for sale in a shop or any other premises, stall, vehicle or place from which there is carried on a trade or business, and (c) at the time of the offence, the person accused of low-value shoplifting was, or was purporting to be, a customer or potential customer of the person offering the goods for sale. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3)(a)Ñ (a) the value of the stolen goods is the price at which they were being offered for sale at the time of the offence, and (b) where the accused is charged on the same occasion with two or more offences of low-value shoplifting, the reference to the value involved has effect as if it were a reference to the aggregate of the values involved. (5) A person guilty of low-value shoplifting is liable on summary conviction toÑ (a) imprisonment for a period not exceeding 51 weeks (or 6 months, if the offence was committed before the commencement of section 281(4) and (5) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003), (b) a fine, or (c) both. (6)