15). Aspects of local-level co-operation 2.8. There are three essential ways of addressing co-operation: o Within your own organisation; o Directly with other organisations; and o Through managed arrangements with other organisations, which may take a number of forms. 5 regulation 4(2), 4(3), 4(4) 2.9. Co-operation starts with the ability of each responder organisation to get the different parts of its own structure to work together. The Act obliges each responder organisation to ensure that all those divisions with functions that may require to be employed in an emergency are fully prepared. Effective preparation ensures that they are ready to co-operate with each other within the internal structures of the organisation, as well as with others outside the organisation. In particular cases, internal multi-directorate groups should be established to develop plans and training. The practice of civil protection under the CCA should be systematically ÒembeddedÓ within each organisation. 2.10. The next level of co-operation is outward facing and involves responder organisations working directly with each other (both Category 1 responders and Category 2 responders, together with the voluntary sector and other organisations) across the five main CCA 2.1. duties.6 Meetings, visits, phone calls, correspondence, e-mails and exercises are organised to strengthen each Category 1 organisationÕs risk assessment, plan-making, business continuity arrangements and warning and informing procedures. Much of this is one- on-one liaison work which takes place all the time on a day-to-day basis. Many local responders have set up multi-agency groups (below the level of the LRF) to help them prepare their own multi-agency plans and support local preparedness and awareness. 2.11. However, if the Act required simply the direct interrelationship of the duty-holders with each other Ð Òall with allÓ Ð it would not work efficiently and effectively. For this reason, the CCA also provides for managed arrangements between the Category 1 and Category 2 responders. It cuts back on the impact of the duties by permitting various measures to help structure the relationship between responders and avoid unnecessary duplication of effort. Managed arrangements also permit the duty-holders to Òspeak with one voiceÓ, when appropriate, and to co-ordinate actions across a local resilience area, or part of the area. 6 regulation 4(1)-(4) PAGE 6 2.12. In this regard, the Act and its regulations support a third form of co-operation with partner organisations through formal multi-agency structures and facilities. These managed arrangements include agreements to work together through: o protocols between responders, which may also involve those not covered by the Act; appointing a lead responder; and setting up arrangements to jointly discharge or delegate functions; o forums and support bodies at various levels, such as: the Local Resilience Forum (LRF) and multi-LRF groups, the offices of a Lead Government Department, or other central government forums 7 ; and o nominating a representative organisation to act on your behalf in attending meetings. In addition, co-operation can also be facilitated through outward-facing, structured communications methods, such as, for example: o Websites Ð set up locally and nationally; and o Secure