or there is a risk of serious harm to the user. (4) Condition C is thatÑ (a) a person who was a user of the electronic device is missing, (b) the person was a user of the device immediately before they went missing, and (c) an authorised person reasonably believes that the personÕs life is at risk or there is a risk of serious harm to the person. (5) The exercise of the power in subsection (1) of section 37 by virtue of this section is subject to that section. 41 Extraction of information from electronic devices: investigations of death (1) An authorised person may extract information stored on an electronic device from that device ifÑ (a) a person who was a user of the electronic device has died, and (b) the person was a user of the device immediately before their death. (2) The power in subsection (1) may be exercised only for the purposes ofÑ (a) an investigation into the personÕs death under Chapter 1 of Part 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009, (b) an inquest into the personÕs death under the Coroners Act (Northern Ireland) 1959, or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 45 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) an investigation into the personÕs death by the Lord Advocate. (3) References in subsection (2) to the exercise of the power in subsection (1) for the purposes of an investigation or inquest include references to the exercise of that power for the purposes of determining whether an investigation should be conducted or an inquest should be held. (4) An authorised person may exercise the power in subsection (1) only ifÑ (a) the authorised person reasonably believes that information stored on the electronic device is relevant to a purpose within subsection (2), and (b) the authorised person is satisfied that exercise of the power is necessary and proportionate to achieve that purpose. (5) Subsection (6) applies if the authorised person thinks that, in exercising the power, there is a risk of obtaining information other thanÑ (a) information necessary for a purpose within subsection (2), or (b) information necessary for a purpose within section 37(2). (6) The authorised person must, to be satisfied that the exercise of the power is proportionate, be satisfied thatÑ (a) there are no other means of obtaining the information sought by the authorised person which avoid that risk, or (b) there are such other means, but it