of a substance/mental illness. They may also be caused by substance withdrawal or other medical reasons, any of which can have serious implications for detainee welfare. The symptoms of acute behavioural disturbance (ABD) include: a state of high mental and physiological arousal – perceiving others as frightening and dangerous, ‘fight or flight’ reaction breathing problems agitation high body temperature and/or sweating – so may try to undress violence, aggression and hostility insensitivity to pain and incapacitant sprays For further information, see the following. FFLM guidance on managing acute behavioural disturbance The Royal College of Emergency Medicine best practice guideline for the management of Acute Behavioural Disturbance May 2024 Restraining a person with ABD People who appear to have this condition should be restrained only in an emergency. They must be taken by ambulance to hospital as soon as the condition is suspected. If no ambulance is immediately available, the person should be transported to hospital in a suitable police vehicle. It is important that people experiencing ABD have their physical health needs assessed prior to any further mental health assessment. Pre-existing medical conditions These might include diabetes, epilepsy, asthma and heart conditions such as angina. Custody officers should consider all of these as part of the booking-in assessment process. On each occasion, they should seek individual advice from an HCP. This includes considering whether detainees should be left in possession of medication, such as inhalers. Each case should be considered on individual merits in line with local protocols, medical opinion and the risk posed to the individual. Claustrophobia This is the extreme or irrational fear of confined places and can lead to intense anxiety accompanied by: panic attacks shaking rapid heartbeat intense sweating difficulty breathing feeling sick (nausea) dizziness chest pain In extreme cases, symptoms may be accompanied by the fear of: losing control fainting dying Dealing with claustrophobia is difficult in the custody environment. There are generally no suitable areas in a custody suite to keep detainees who suffer from claustrophobia. Each detainee must be risk assessed and then a decision made on where they should be detained. It may be necessary to: keep them in a holding cell visible to the custody officer from the main desk, or place them in a cell on constant observation (level 3) or within close proximity (level 4), with a member of staff at the open door. See detainee care. Dealing with claustrophobia Staff should: stay calm reassure the detainee take them to a cool, quiet place encourage them to breathe more slowly stay with them until they have recovered call an HCP be aware that opening a cell hatch to alleviate any symptoms presents the risk of a ligature point Head injuries Detainees who have suffered a head injury should be immediately transported to hospital for medical assessment and monitoring. For the purpose of this APP, head injury is defined as any trauma (external force) to the head, other than superficial injuries to the face. Traumatic brain injury may be defined