(review, by an officer of at least the rank of inspector, of the detention of person arrested but not charged). Regulations under this section shall specify the use to be made in the performance of the functions mentioned in subsection (2) above of the facilities mentioned in subsection (1) above. Regulations under this section shall not authorise the performance of any of the functions mentioned in subsection (2)(a) above by such an officer as is mentioned in subsection (1) above unless he is a custody officer for a designated police station. Where any functions mentioned in subsection (2) above are performed in a manner authorised by regulations under this section— any obligation of the officer performing those functions to make a record in connection with the performance of those functions shall have effect as an obligation to cause another officer to make the record; and any requirement for the record to be made in the presence of the arrested person shall apply to the making of that record by that other officer. Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 69 Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Where the functions mentioned in subsection (2)(b) are performed in a manner authorised by regulations under this section, the requirements under section 40(12) and (13) above for— the arrested person, or a solicitor representing him, to be given any opportunity to make representations (whether in writing or orally) to the person performing those functions shall have effect as a requirement for that person, or such a solicitor, to be given an opportunity to make representations in a manner authorised by subsection (7) below. Representations are made in a manner authorised by this subsection— in a case where facilities exist for the immediate transmission of written representations to the officer performing the functions, if they are made either— orally to that officer by means of the video-conferencing facilities used by him for performing those functions; or in writing to that officer by means of the facilities available for the immediate transmission of the representations; and in any other case if they are made orally to that officer by means of the video-conferencing facilities used by him for performing the functions. Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and may be made so as to have effect in relation only to the police stations specified or described in the regulations. Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a