the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (see section 10 of that Act), (ii) material falling within section 11(1)(a) of that Act (certain personal records held in confidence), or (iii) material to which section 14(2) of that Act applies (other material acquired in the course of a trade etc that is held in confidence); (b) in relation to Scotland meansÑ (i) items in respect of which a claim to confidentiality of communications could be maintained in legal proceedings, or (ii) other material of a kind mentioned in paragraph (a)(ii) or (iii) of this subsection; (c) in relation to Northern Ireland, meansÑ (i) items subject to legal privilege, within the meaning of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989/1341 (N.I. 12)) (see Article 12 of that Order), (ii) material falling with Article 13(1)(a) of that Order (certain personal records held in confidence), or (iii) material to which Article 16(2) of that Order applies (other material acquired in the course of a trade etc that is held in confidence). 44 Authorised persons (1) Subject to subsections (2) and (3), in this Chapter Òauthorised personÓ means a person listed in Schedule 3. (2) The power in subsection (1) of section 37 may be exercised for a purpose mentioned in subsection (2)(b) or (c) of that section only by a person listed in Part 1 or 2 of Schedule 3. (3) The power in section 41(1) may be exercised only by a person listed in Part 1 of Schedule 3. (4) The Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrument amend Schedule 3Ñ (a) so as to add a reference to a person; (b) so as to remove a reference to a person; (c) so as to modify a description of a person mentioned in that Schedule. (5) Regulations under subsection (4) may contain transitional, transitory or saving provision. (2) 48 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) The Secretary of State must consult the Scottish Ministers before making regulations under subsection (4) if and so far as the regulations make provision that would be within the legislative competence of the Scottish Parliament if it were contained in an Act of that Parliament. (7) The Secretary of State must consult the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland before making regulations under subsection (4) if and so far as the regulations make provision that, if it were contained in an Act of the Northern