Venue Plans Ð Primary suite L&D Force HQ Equality and Diversity Considerations An equality Impact Assessment has identified 2 areas of risk relating to protected Characteristics. The mitigations for each are listed after each area of risk: • Disability - there is no wheelchair access to the upper floors of L and D where the PIM suite is housed Mitigation Ð the training room on the ground floor and the trainerÕs office, also on the ground floor can be utilised in this scenario. The training room will become the KPW room and the trainerÕs office can be used for consultations with solicitors and staff association representatives for those staff that cannot use the stairs. There is access to toilets in this area • Gender reassignment and access to showering and toilet facilities. Mitigation Ð in order to maintain integrity of the process and to ensure there is no conferring, both changing rooms in the gym block would be commandeered by the PIM so that they could be used on an individual basis, which would render both changing rooms gender neutral for the purposes of the Post Incident Process. In relation to toilet facilities staff would also be using the facilities on a one at a time basis in order to maintain integrity and prevent conferring. APPENDIX 2 Ð Occupational Health Unit PIP flow chart Reasonable Adjustments to be put in place Return to Work Guidelines External Referral to commence OH processes to be followed ongoing monitoring Engagement with line manager /welfare officer/OH DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership Department Responsible: HQ Operations and Contact Management Policy Owner/Author: Superintendent Gavin Williams / Inspector Paul SAUNDERS Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Local Policing and Partnerships Revision History Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 10.12.2020 2.0 Updated to align to current Force structure and APP Post-incident procedures following death or serious injury. 07/12/2021 2.0 Scheduled review conducted by Insp Paul SAUNDERS: No changes made. Next review date set for December 2023 Approvals This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team December 2020 2.0 Superintendent Gavin Williams December 2020 2.0 ACC Local Policing and Partnerships December 2020 2.0 Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Lian DUNWELL, Elizabeth COLES, Louis McCOY 30.09.2020 1.1 Elizabeth COLES 19.10.2020 1.4 Implications of the Policy The principles of this policy have been taken from the Authorised Professional Practice (APP Post- incident procedures following death or serious injury and Armed Policing) as the principle documents on Post Incident Procedures. Training Requirements All PIMÕs will receive the appropriate training and be accredited with the College of Policing and PFOA before they can practice. Selection for training within this demanding area of police work will be in line with the Forces current iPerform framework