(5) The special scrutiny functions may only be exercised at a meeting of the whole panel; but that is without prejudice to rules of procedure about the quorum of a meeting of the whole panel. (6) The enactments applying to committees of the London Assembly, apart from the excluded provisions, apply to the police and crime panel as if the police and crime panel functions were to be discharged by the panel by virtue of arrangements under section 54(1)(a) of the 1999 Act. (7) In subsection (6), Òexcluded provisionsÓ means the following provisions of the 1999 ActÑ (1) 34 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 4 Ð Accountability of elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) section 54(5), so far as it provides for the London Assembly to retain power to exercise functions delegated to a committee; (b) section 55 (Assembly committees and sub-committees). (8) The enactments conferring, or relating to, the police and crime panel functions are to be read with the appropriate modifications; in particularÑ (a) references to the London Assembly are to be read as references to the police and crime panel; and (b) references to proceedings of the London Assembly are to be read as references to proceedings of the police and crime panel. (9) For the purposes of subsection (8), references to the police and crime panel include references to a sub-committee or member (if any) by whom functions are to be discharged in accordance with section 54(3) of the 1999 Act. (10) The following provisions apply to the police and crime panelÑ (a) the number of members of the panel, and their term of office, are to be fixed by the London Assembly; (b) persons who are not members of the London Assembly may be members of the panel. (11) The following provisions apply to any sub-committee by which police and crime panel functions are to be dischargedÑ (a) the number of members of the sub-committee, and their term of office, are to be fixed by the police and crime panel; (b) persons who are not members of the London Assembly may be members of the sub-committee. (12) The police and crime panel functions must be exercised with a view to supporting the effective exercise of the functions of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (13) In this sectionÑ Ò1999 ActÓ means the Greater London Authority Act 1999; Òspecial scrutiny functionsÓ means the functions conferredÑ (a) by section 33(1), or (b) by section 60A of, and Schedule 4A to, the 1999 Act in relation to the appointment of the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. 33 Functions to be discharged by police and crime panel (1) The London Assembly