sort out the problem informally first. If they cannot, they should talk to their: manager human resources (HR) department trade union representative If this does not work, they can make a formal complaint using their employerÕs grievance procedure. If this does not work and theyÕre still being harassed, they can take legal action at an employment tribunal. They could also call the Acas (Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service) helpline for advice: Acas helpline Telephone: 0300 123 1100 Textphone: 18001 0300 123 1100 Monday to Friday, 8am to 6pm Find out about call charges Related content Being taken to an employment tribunal Employers: preventing discrimination Solve a workplace dispute Make a claim to an employment tribunal You can also read Acas guidance on discrimination and bullying. EmployersÕ responsibilities Employers are responsible for preventing bullying and harassment - theyÕre liable for any harassment su?ered by their employees. Anti-bullying and harassment policies can help prevent problems. Acas has produced g uidance for employers on preventing and handling bullying and harassment. Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Contracts of employment and working hours Trade unions and workers rights Your contract and working hours Your rights at work and trade unions Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing , local and community Land registration Land registration searches, fees and forms Your property boundaries Overview If you live in England or Wales, thereÕs usually no record of: the exact boundary between two properties who owns the hedge, wall, tree or fence between 2 properties This guide is also available in Welsh (Cymraeg). You can get an idea of where the boundaries for your property are by looking at its title plan. Most title plans do not show exact boundaries - you usually do not need to have the exact boundaries recorded anywhere. The rules are di?erent in Scotland and Northern Ireland. You can apply to get the title plan corrected if you think thereÕs a mistake on it. Record the boundary more precisely You can do this by: making a boundary agreement with your neighbour applying for a determined boundary Related content Registering land or property with HM Land Registry Resolving neighbour disputes Search for land and property information Next Make a boundary agreement with your neighbour View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Planning permission and building regulations Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics