(b) a court exercising jurisdiction under that law has made in respect of a relevant offence a finding equivalent to a finding that P is not guilty by reason of insanity, (c) such a court has made in respect of a relevant offence a finding equivalent to a finding that P is under a disability and did the act charged against P in respect of the offence, or (d) P has been cautioned in respect of a relevant offence. (7) The second condition is thatÑ (a) the first condition is met because of a conviction, finding or caution which occurred on or after 1 September 1997, (b) the first condition is met because of a conviction or finding which occurred before that date, but P was dealt with in respect of the offence or finding on or after that date, or has yet to be dealt with in respect of it, or (c) the first condition is met because of a conviction or finding which occurred before that date, but on that date P was, in respect of the offence or finding, subject under the law in force in the country concerned to detention, supervision or any other disposal equivalent to any of those mentioned in section 81(3) (read with sections 81(6) and 131). (8) The third condition is that the period set out in section 82 (as it would have effect as modified by section 96ZC(2) and (3) if this section applied to P) in respect of the relevant offence has not expired. (9) In this section and section 96ZC Òrelevant offenceÓ means an act whichÑ (a) constituted an offence under the law in force in the country concerned, and (b) would have constituted an offence listed in Schedule 3 (other than at paragraph 60) if it had been done in any part of the United Kingdom. (10) For the purposes of subsection (9)(a), an act punishable under the law in force in a country outside the United Kingdom constitutes an offence under that law however it is described in that law. 96ZB Young offenders: parental notices (1) Where the person (ÒPÓ) given a notice under section 96ZA is under 18 a constable may also give a notice (a Òparental noticeÓ) to a person (Òthe parentÓ) with parental responsibility for P. (2) Subsections (3)(b) to (5) of section 96ZA apply to the giving of a parental notice as if references to P were references to the parent. (1) 194 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with