recalled does not provide a power of entry into private premises. The recall power is intended to provide a means to respond to evidence of relapse or high-risk behaviour relating to mental disorder before the situation becomes critical and leads to the patient or other people being harmed. The need for recall might arise as a result of relapse, or by a change in the patientÕs circumstances giving rise to increased risk. The responsible clinician does not have to interview or examine the patient in person before deciding to recall them. Warrants under s42 MHA 1983 Section 42 MHA 1983 allows a patient who has been or is subject to a criminal justice process, who has been detained on a restricted hospital order (section 37 or section 41 MHA 1983), to be conditionally discharged to receive community care, sometimes with conditions and restrictions attached. During this period of conditional discharge, patients are liable to be recalled to hospital by the Secretary of State who may issue a warrant under section 42(3) MHA ordering the recall. Given that conditionally discharged patients were by definition thought to previously have posed a risk of serious harm to the public, police would usually be involved in the execution of the warrant. However, a warrant under this section is not a warrant of arrest for the purposes of Section 17 PACE, and therefore where entry needs to be forced in connection with this recall, a warrant under section 135(2) MHA is required unless grounds exist under PACE. POLICY AIM Wiltshire Police are committed to provide the best, most appropriate and timely service, for people living with mental health conditions; and we are committed to reduce repeat demand from people in crisis living with mental health conditions. We will: • Ensure members of the Force recognise, record and deal with incidents relating to mental health and learning disabilities. • Recognise that these potentially vulnerable persons may need further assistance and support. • Ensure Safeguarding investigations are carried out in accordance with the locally agreed Multi Agency Safeguarding Policy and procedures. • Ensure appropriate support is given to victims and witnesses who maybe suffering with Mental Health issues and or learning disabilities and endeavour to reduce the risk of repeat victimisation. • Ensure appropriate action is taken against offenders who maybe suffering with Mental Health issues and/or learning disabilities. Where appropriate this may include prosecution or diversionary measures. • Promote Safeguarding ÔAdults at RiskÕ as a mainstream policing activity. • Ensure information is made accessible to persons with mental health issues and learning disabilities. This may be by providing current documents in the easy read format. • Ensure persons are supported when it comes to reporting an incident. Again with support from staff and easy read reporting forms. • Ensure dealing with people with Mental Health issues is acknowledged as part of core policing business whilst accepting, in order to provide the best service, we must work in partnership. We will support our partners with their response