should normally be a member of a relevant organisation such as the National Rifle Association, the United Kingdom Practical Shooting Association or National Target Shot gun Association, either individually or as a member of an affiliated club. For ÔEnd of TrailÕ shooting, a set of practical disciplines with a ÔWild WestÕ theme, the British Western Shooting Society (BWSS) is the relevant organisation. In view of the potential hazards associated with the more extreme forms of practical shooting, the police will wish to consider with particular care applications for firearms for ÔpracticalÕ shooting that falls beyond the examples cited above. Large cartridge firearms 12.57 High energy, large cartridge rifles subject to section 1 of the 1968 Act (bolt action or straight pull) e.g. those using the .338 Lapua Magnum and the .50 Browning Machine Gun (BMG) cartridges, may be sought by some applicants for long range target shooting. Applications for such rifles for target shooting should be conducted on the same basis as other rifles. Handguns of Historical Importance See Chapter 9. Collection of firearms 12.58 The collecting of firearms by a genuinely interested collector should be accepted as a Ògood reasonÓ for the grant of a firearm certificate. There should be no blanket policy to prevent the collecting of modern firearms (though collectable firearms will tend to be of the Second World War or earlier eras) nor should arbitrary limits be imposed on the number or type of firearms. However, a single firearm is unlikely to be acceptable unless it forms part of a collection of other exhibits (but see Chapter 9). Modern reproductions of vintage arms may be collected, especially to fill gaps in collections of older firearms. There are no calibre-based limits for collecting, and collections may include field artillery, tanks and other armoured fighting vehicles. Vintage handguns are dealt with in Chapter 9. Collections may include firearms disguised as other objects that would otherwise be prohibited under section 5(1A)(a) of the 1968 Act. Ammunition may be collected of itself, including expanding, incendiary or armour-piercing 106 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ammunition or explosives that would otherwise be prohibited under section 5(1A) of the 1968 Act. 12.59 Chief officers of police should satisfy themselves that the applicant is a bona fide collector who has a genuine interest, perhaps academic, in the evolution of firearms or in particular types or periods, and that the types of firearm requested fall within this interest. Evidence that a person is a member of a relevant society (for example the Historical Breechloading Smallarms Association or the European Cartridge Research Association) might be taken as an indication that they have a genuine interest in collecting, but this is not a requirement. Firearms capable of being fired may be collected, and a collection may include items other than firearms, for example, uniforms and military equipment. Collections of one or two firearms should not normally be accepted unless they form part of a wider collection of non- firearm related exhibits. ÒCollectionÓ should not be used as