inserted Ò, or (b) he contravenes a prohibition on foreign travel imposed by a sexual harm prevention order.Ó (4) In subsection (1B)(a) the words ÒEngland and Wales andÓ are omitted. 69 In the cross-heading before section 123 of that Act, after ÒordersÓ there is inserted Ò (Northern Ireland) Ó. 70 (1) Section 123 of that Act (risk of sexual harm orders: application, grounds and effect) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for ÒA chief officer of policeÓ there is substituted Ò The Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland Ó; (b) for Òa magistrates' courtÓ there is substituted Ò a court of summary jurisdiction Ó; (c) for Òhis police areaÓ (in both places) there is substituted Ò Northern Ireland Ó; (d) for Òthe chief officerÓ (in both places) there is substituted Ò the Chief Constable Ó. (3) Subsection (2) is repealed. 71 (1) Section 125 (RSHOs: variation, renewals and discharges) is amended as follows. 44 260 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) In subsection (2), for paragraphs (b) to (d) there is substitutedÑ Ò(b) the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.Ó (3) In subsection (3), for Òand (if they wish to be heard) the other persons mentioned in subsection (2)Ó there is substituted Ò , and the other person mentioned in subsection (2) (if that person wishes to be heard) Ó. (4) In subsection (5), for the words after Òwithout the consent of the defendant andÓ there is substituted Ò the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland Ó. (5) In subsection (7), for paragraphs (b) and (c) there is substitutedÑ Ò(b) a court of summary jurisdiction for the petty sessions district which includes the area where the defendant resides; (c) where the application is made by the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, any court of summary jurisdiction.Ó 72 In section 126 (interim RSHOs), in subsection (2)(b), for Òthe person who has made that applicationÓ there is substituted Ò the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland Ó. 73 (1) Section 127 (RSHOs and interim RSHOs) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1), for Òthe Crown CourtÓ there is substituted Ò a county court Ó. (3) In subsection (2), for Òthe Crown CourtÓ there is substituted Ò the county court Ó. (4) For subsection (3) there is substitutedÑ Ò(3) Any order made by a county court on an appeal under subsection (1)(a) or (b)