certificate issued in respect of a slaughtering instrument or ammunition thereof which the applicant requires for the humane slaughter of animals. Tranquillising Animals 12.44 Tranquillising equipment such as dart guns and blowpipes are normally considered prohibited weapons that discharge noxious substances under section 5(1)(b) of the 1968 Act. However, under section 8 of the 1997 Act, an authority to possess a firearm is not required for a firearm mentioned in section 5(1)(aba), (b) or (c) of the 1968 Act, which is designed or adapted for tranquillising or otherwise treating an animal, if you have a certificate subject to a condition restricting its use to use in connection with the treatment of animals. Authority to possess such firearms should normally be granted to those who have a professional need for such, for example veterinary surgeons, deer farmers and zoo or safari park staff. Such weapons should be used under the direction (though not necessarily the presence) of a veterinary surgeon due to the use of powerful controlled drugs which are issued under licence from Natural 103 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law England to permit their use. The Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (RCVS) and the British Small Animal Veterinary Association (BSAVA) have produced guidance on the use of such equipment. 12.45 Tranquillising equipment may also be needed for scientific research on animals. If an application were not in connection with the treatment of animals the Section 8 exemption would not apply. Target shooting 12.46 Target shooting includes the use of firearms for sport and recreation. The Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport recognises the organisation ÔBritish ShootingÕ which brings together the national Governing Bodies for target shooting. Responsibilities for different types of target shooting are divided as follows: i. National Small Bore Rifle Association (NSRA) Ð .22RF rifles and pistols, air rifles and air pistols not greater than .22 calibre ii. National Rifle Association (NRA) Ð full-bore rifles, centrefire pistols and muzzle-loading rifle, pistol competitions not covered by the Muzzle Loaders Association of Great Britain (MLAGB), section 1 (FAC) shot guns, .22 rifles (lightweight sporting rifles and mini-rifle), and long barrelled pistols/revolvers; iii. Muzzle Loaders Association of Great Britain (MLAGB) - muzzle-loading rifles and pistols (including muzzle-loading Òcap and ballÓ revolvers); and iv. United Kingdom Practical Shooting Association (UKPSA) Ð target shooting with section 1 shot guns, full-bore rifles, .22 rifles and long barrelled pistols/revolvers. In Scotland, sportscotland and the Scottish Target Shooting Federation act as umbrella bodies for target shooting. 12.47 Additionally, the National Rifle Association, the United Kingdom Practical Shooting Association, National Target Shot gun Association and the British Western Shooting Society govern various types of target shooting involving the use of shot guns, muzzle-loading pistols, long barrelled pistols and rifles. 12.48 Small cartridge-firing firearms which come under section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act may only be used under the specific authority of the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers, at specified locations. These are distinct from long-barrelled pistols and long-range pistols which are section 1 firearms.