apparent risks to the health and safety of any individuals associated with the correct implementation of this procedure. However it is recognised that staff may experience heightened anxiety as a normal response to the situation. Confidential welfare support is available to any individual subject to these procedures and HR will work with the individual alongside OHU to ensure the appropriate welfare is put in place. 2. INFORMAL ACTION 2.1 When to use Informal Action The day to day supervision of staff is part of the normal management process. Part of that responsibility is to highlight to an individual at the earliest possible stage, any shortcomings in their performance or conduct. Unless a matter is serious or there are multiple or repeated incidents, informal action is a more appropriate response to minor offences rather than formal disciplinary action. 2.2 Resolving Issues Informally Informal action is outside of the formal disciplinary procedure but, should there be a need to, may be referred to at a later date. An informal meeting should not turn into a formal investigatory interview as this would deny the employee certain rights. If during the meeting, the matter appears more serious than originally thought, then the informal interview should be terminated and the employee informed that the matter will be handled under the formal discipline procedure with rationale for this decision. Table of Contents Whilst there is no procedural necessity for Unison representatives to be in attendance at an informal meeting, should the individual member feel it would be helpful to them of having them in attendance, the organisation is happy for them do to so. An informal meeting however, would not necessarily be delayed as a result of the representative not being available. Informal action has the potential to cover a wide range of issues, and will vary according to the case. However, there are some basic points that should always be considered: • Clear advice about the area for improvement should be given as part of a constructive, two way discussion. • Clear standards and expectations should be outlined, discussed and an informal support plan mutually agreed. • Review periods should be set and followed up. • Further training or coaching may be of value and if this need is identified, this should be provided with minimum delay. • The discussion should cover any concerns the individual has, both inside and outside of work which may be affecting their performance or conduct. Where appropriate, other adjustments may be of value on a temporary or permanent basis (e.g. review of working patterns or hours, workload review etc.). • If there are health concerns, then Occupational Health advice should be sought via a management referral at an early stage. • Line managers are expected to discuss these with the individual at the earliest opportunity and agreements should be reached as to the necessity of any support plan, targets; timescales set and follow up action required. This should be clearly documented and added to the ePDR system. • Where