contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. Intermittent - major • Probably not • No • Yes b) Discussion for Category 1 responders with partners about • Plans required by central government • Information required under national capabilities survey. Intermittent - major Yes Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. Yes Yes c) Discussion for Category 1 responders with partners about design and delivery of training and of exercises for: • specific emergency plans. Intermittent - major • Probably not • Sometimes • Yes For scenario development. Intermittent Ð impact varies • Probably not • Sometimes • Yes A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? 2. Emergency Planning • multi-agency plans; and • LRF multi-agency plans. d) Discussion with partners about design and delivery of training and exercises for plan required by central government. Intermittent Ð major Yes For scenario development. Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes e) Updating plans Regular - minor Sometimes Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. Regular Ð minor Sometimes 3. Business Continuity Plans a) Discussions with key infrastructure operators and main suppliers re procedures. Intermittent Ð impact varies No Information from key infrastructure operators and suppliers re procedures. Intermittent Ð impact varies No b) - - No Updated business continuity plans. Regular Ð minor No A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? 4. Warning and Informing a) Meetings for Category 1 responders with partners about the nature of hazard and risk and type of messages to make public. Intermittent - major Yes Category 2 responders are likely to have responsibilities to provide information to the public under their own legislation. Updated messages and procedures. Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes b) Meetings for Category 1 responders with partners and other co-operating organisations such as the media and voluntary sector about multi-agency media plans and arrangements for warning dissemination. Intermittent - major Yes Category 2 responders likely to have responsibilities to provide information to the public under their own legislation. Updated messages and procedures. [Operationally - at the response phase - partners should inform each other when warnings and other messages are issued.] Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? c) Joint publicity and events by Category 1s and their partners to raise public awareness of