is amended as follows. (2) In section 52 (fixed penalty notices), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) A fixed penalty notice must give details of the identification information (as defined in section 69(3D)) that may be required under section 69 where the notice relates to an offence involving obligatory endorsement.Ó (3) In section 54 (notices on-the-spot etc)Ñ (a) in subsection (3)Ñ (i) omit Ò, andÓ at the end of paragraph (a); (ii) omit paragraph (b); (b) omit subsections (4), (5), (5A), (5B), (6), (7) and (9). (4) In section 69 (payment of penalties)Ñ (a) in subsection (2), after ÒmethodÓ insert Òand subject to subsection (2A)Ó; (b) after that subsection, insertÑ Ò(2A) Where a person has been given a fixed penalty notice under section 54 in respect of an offence involving obligatory endorsement, payment of the penalty may be made as mentioned in subsection (2) only if the letter also contains identification information.Ó; (c) after subsection (3), insertÑ Ò(3A) Subsection (3B) applies whereÑ (a) a person has been given a fixed penalty notice under section 54 in respect of an offence involving obligatory endorsement, and (b) a method of payment other than that mentioned in subsection (2) is used. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4B Ð Courses offered as alternative to prosecution CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 111 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3B) The penalty is treated as having been paid to the fixed penalty clerk or the Secretary of State in accordance with this Part only if the personÑ (a) fulfils the identification requirements, and (b) makes payment of the penalty to the clerk or the Secretary of State. (3C) A person fulfils the identification requirements ifÑ (a) the person provides the clerk or the Secretary of State with identification information, or (b) the clerk or the Secretary of State is otherwise satisfied of the personÕs identity. (3D) In this section Òidentification informationÓ meansÑ (a) the personÕs name and date of birth, and (b) if the person is the holder of a licence, the licence number.Ó 94 Removal of requirement to deliver up licence where conditional offer (1) The Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 is amended as follows. (2) In section 75 (issue of conditional offer)Ñ (a) in subsection (7), after paragraph (b) (but before the ÒandÓ immediately after it) insertÑ Ò(ba) give details of the identification information that may be required where the conditional offer relates to an offence involving obligatory endorsement,Ó; (b) in subsection (8A)(a), for sub-paragraph (ii) substituteÑ Ò(ii) where the conditional offer relates to an offence involving