adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (7) A sexual harm prevention order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from sexual harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (8) A sexual offences prevention order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose of protecting the public in Scotland, or any particular members of the public in Scotland, from serious sexual harm from the defendant. (9) A sexual offences prevention order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose of protecting the public or any particular members of the public from serious sexual harm from the defendant. (10) A foreign travel order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose of protecting children generally or any child from serious sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (11) A foreign travel order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions as are necessary for the purpose mentioned in subsection (10). (12) The court must not discharge a sexual harm prevention order or a sexual offences prevention order before the end of 5 years beginning with the day on which the order was made without the consent of the defendant and the chief constable. (13) The defendant may appeal against the making of an order under this section, or the refusal to make such an order, as if it were a decision constituting final judgment in civil proceedings within the meaning of the Courts Reform (Scotland) Act 2014 (asp 18). (14) In this sectionÑ (1) 370 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òthe appropriate sheriffÓ meansÑ (a) in any case, a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the defendant resides, or (b) in a case where the application is made by the chief constableÑ (i) a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the defendant is believed by the