Youth Court in accordance with Rule 10 of The MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang- related Violence) Rules 2015,42 the applicant is required to consult with the Youth Offending Team and any other partners involved previously consulted when taking out the injunction. Please see latest order for fees payable.43 The application should include evidence of the alleged breach and a statement indicating that the necessary consultation has been undertaken. Case law confirms that respondents are entitled to legal representation at hearings related to breach of an injunction order (should the respondent want to be legally represented) and the court may view any application to adjourn the hearing to obtain legal representation sympathetically. Applicants should be aware that the court may, at any hearing, dismiss the application, adjourn the matter to another date and/or issue case management directions in relation to a hearing. 38 Schedule 1 Fee 2.6 and 2.7 Civil Proceedings Fees Order 2008. Available at http://www.justice.gov.uk/courts/fees 39 Please see Annex D. 40 Section 14(4A) of the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (as amended by the County Courts (Penalties for Contempt) Act 1983). 41 http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2010/17/section/39 Please see Annex A 42 Available at http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2015/421/pdfs/uksi_20150421_en.pdf 43 Available at http://www.justice.gov.uk/courts/fees 44 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 12.7. Standard of proof For a breach hearing, the standard of proof is beyond reasonable doubt.44 The applicant must therefore prove to the criminal standard of proof that the respondent has breached a term of their injunction. If the respondent denies they have breached a term of the injunction, the matter may be adjourned for witnesses to be called to give evidence. The applicant should be prepared to present clear and compelling evidence of the breach. 12.8. Remand The court has the power to remand a respondent in custody or on bail if, after that respondent has been arrested for suspected breach of an injunction (with or without warrant), the matter has not been resolved when the respondent is brought before the judge.45 The maximum time for remand in custody is eight days, unless the applicant and respondent both consent to a longer period. The applicant should be prepared to assist the court in coming to its decision and may be invited to make submissions as to whether a remand should be in custody or on bail. The court may also remand a respondent in custody or on bail if the court considers that a medical examination and report is required. If the respondent is remanded in custody for this purpose, the adjournment may not exceed three weeks at a time; if the person is remanded on bail, the adjournment may not exceed four weeks. The court has the power to make an order under section 35 of the Mental Health Act 1983 if it suspects the respondent is suffering from a mental disorder. Applicants should be prepared to assist the court if it has any concerns about the medical wellbeing of the respondent. 44 Paragraph 1.4 of Practice Direction to RSC Order