Notably, de-escalation tactics and training received an endorsement from the President’s Task Force; and more recently, the National Consensus Policy on use of Force (International Association of Chiefs of Police 2017, 3) encouraged offic- ers to use de-escalation techniques “whenever possible or appropriate before resorting to force.” De-escalation policies and training are not without critics, however, with a growing number voicing serious concerns about perceived risks to officer safety (Blake 2017; Landers 2017; Williams 2015). Several tactics common in de-escalation training run counter to more traditional operational responses 154 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy in policing. Critics argue that changes in the traditional approach could increase the risk of officer injury. In the absence of evidence to the contrary, Landers (2017) argues that “by sending officers to de-escalation training courses, chiefs and sheriffs have risked these men and women becoming hesitant about using force”; and furthermore that “while [de-escalation] concepts are practical and effective in some situations, they are useless and even dangerous in others.” Concerns regarding officer safety run deep within police organizational cultures, and some trainers have resorted to avoiding the use of the word de-escalation altogether in training sessions, rather describing these techniques as opportuni- ties to defuse situations. In many ways, these concerns are amplified by the ambiguity of de-escalation policies and training. Specifically, there is no uniformly accepted definition of de-escalation within the policing field. Most recommendations, including from the President’s Task Force, neglect to provide a specific definition, or even a general description, of de-escalation. As such, de-escalation has become a catch- all of sorts, symbolizing a different but perhaps more progressive policing approach for handling potential use-of-force encounters. A systematic review of literature across disciplines finds de-escalation to typically refer to a process or tactics used to prevent, reduce, or manage behaviors associated with conflict— including verbal or physical agitation, aggression, violence, or similar behaviors— during an interaction between two or more individuals (for review, see Engel, McManus, and Herold, forthcoming). Similar to most other police training curricula, de-escalation training has not been subjected to rigorous scientific testing (National Research Council 2004; Lum at el. 2016; Skogan, van Craen, and Hennessy 2015). As a result, little is known about the development, delivery, and impact of police de-escalation train- ing. To assess this gap in knowledge, Engel, McManus, and Herold (forthcoming) conducted a multidisciplinary systematic review, identifying only a limited num- ber of de-escalation training evaluations appearing across professions (n = 64), and no evaluations within the realm of policing or criminal justice were identified. The findings from studies outside of policing provide some insight on the attitudi- nal (i.e., self-reported) and behavioral effects that de-escalation training could have on officer use-of-force outcomes. Specifically, studies examining self- reported outcomes suggest that de-escalation training in other professions has led to favorable effects on the attitudes, perceptions, and self-reported experiences and behaviors of trained individuals. The impact of de-escalation training on behavioral outcomes, however, has not been established. Although the majority of the studies report