procedure will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The General Data Protection Regulation requires employers to comply with principles for processing personal data, including to protect against unauthorised access of personal data. Personal data that is inappropriately accessed or disclosed may constitute a data breach. The GDPR requires organisations to keep a record of all data breaches and, where the breach is likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, the organisation must notify the Information Commissioner within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach. If the data breach results in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals, those individuals must be notified without undue delay 1.6 Freedom Of Information Act 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. 1.7 Monitoring And Review Monitoring the effectiveness of the procedure will be undertaken in conjunction with Human Resources to establish the type of queries that arise. It is the responsibility of Human Resources to ensure this procedure is updated in line with any legislative changes and will ensure it is reflective of best practice. 1.8 Who to Contact About This Procedure Both the People Development and People Standards and Support departments are responsible for this procedure. All queries should be via the People Services Centre. 2. Introduction 2.1 The aim of this Guidance is to set out the practice that Wiltshire Police (WP) and its Contracted HEI Partner, University of South Wales (USW) will follow to train, support and develop Student Police Officers in order that they have the best opportunity to achieve and become effective and efficient police officers, delivering a service to the community to the standards expected of the service and the priorities contained in the current Police and Crime Plan. 2.2 Student Officer training is a vital part of police business. People Development is responsible for the implementation and oversight of Student Officer training processes throughout the officersÕ probationary period. 2.3 The training programme is regularly reviewed to ensure the validity of the programme by environmental scanning - which identifies any changes in legislation, national best practice and addresses any needs of the Force. 3. Intention 3.1 Wiltshire Police and their Contracted HEI Partner (USW) recognise its legal and moral responsibility to clearly define how it will manage Student Officer training, the standards required and how individuals will be trained, developed and assessed. 4. Statement of Procedure 4.1 This procedure aims to cover the Student Officer Training programme (PCDA and DHEP), the assessment and related Operational Competence Portfolio (OCP). Alongside this it is important to consider Student Officer postings and attachments. 4.2 The main body of this procedure is aimed at providing clarity for training staff and the student officer themselves on police regulations such as Reg 12 and 13 and how it may apply to them. This will include breaches of professional behaviour, unsatisfactory performance, unsatisfactory attendance, suspension and resignation 5. Overview Police Constable entry programmes from June 2020