section 5 of the 1968 Act applies, include Òthat the prohibited weapons are stored at no place other that the company premises at [ ] under secure conditions as agreed with and satisfactory to the chief officer of [ ] policeÓ, and Òthat the prohibited weapons are transported under secure conditions agreed with and satisfactory to the chief officer of [ ] police.Ó One of the conditions for Home Office approved rifle and muzzle-loading pistol clubs requires that Òthe security arrangements for the storage of club firearms and/or ammunition are to the satisfaction of the chief officer of police for the area or areas in which the firearms and/or ammunition are stored.Ó The requirements for a museum firearm licence include that: Òthe Secretary of State/Scottish Ministers shall not grant a licence unless, after consulting the chief officer of police for the area; he is satisfied that the arrangements for exhibiting and keeping firearms and ammunition in question are or will be such as not to endanger the public safety or the peace. A licence shall be subject to such conditions specified in it as the Secretary of State/Scottish Ministers thinks necessary for securing safe custody of the firearms and ammunition in question.Ó General Construction & Standards These specifications are an indication of the relative construction/fabrication of items that would provide the resistance sought in their given application. It is quite possible to produce an acceptable level using alternative strategies, materials or their application. The test is whether the alternatives on balance provide resistance which can equate to that provided by the contained specification. The Standards quoted in this document should provide a base line for these. Certain of these standards provide testing measures Guide on Firearms Licensing Law for resistance or deterrence against which the overall prevention of the theft of the firearm(s) can be assessed. Summaries of the appropriate standards can be found in the Firearms Security Handbook. Certain recommendations in this section involve structural adaptation. You should be aware that there is a need to ensure that any recommendation made will not cause any problems in relation to load bearing of floors or walls that may cause damage. It is important that applicants are advised that professional advice should be sought before embarking on projects of this nature. When proposing security for domestic and commercial premises, no requirements can be implemented that compromise the provisions for safe exiting from such premises, required in both the Building and Fire Safety controls. The style of security required must be reasonable for each situation. Cabinets Cabinets which may be considered to be suitable for the security of firearms, shot guns and ammunition should be expected to provide the resistance equal to: a) a cabinet manufactured and fitted as certified to comply with BS7558:1992; or b) a cabinet fabricated to the following: i) Sheet steel body of not less than 2mm (14swg), formed by either folding, continuous welding or a combination of these methods; when fabricating the body, the door case should