our biases, assumptions and knowledge gaps, understanding that they may have an impact on our decision-making. We recognise when we and our colleagues have been affected by the demands, stresses and traumas that can exist in policing. We seek help when it is needed and we understand that doing so is important for everyone’s wellbeing. We show respect and empathy by responding to individual needs As we engage with people who have a wide range of experiences and needs, we provide a service that takes account of each individual’s unique circumstances. In ensuring that everyone is treated equally and fairly, regardless of background or circumstance, we recognise the need to tailor our response to ensure that we are being responsive to individual needs and acting with integrity and respect. We show respect and empathy by being fair and impartial We respond fairly, impartially and with sensitivity to people’s needs and situations. We accept this as part of the selflessness required to undertake our roles. Gallwch wylio'r fideo yma yn Gymraeg (You can watch this video in Welsh) Acting with respect We treat everyone with dignity, respect, patience and courtesy where at all possible. We recognise that everyone may respond to the same situation in different ways, so we always seek to consider how others are thinking, feeling or behaving. Listening to and understanding different perspectives We ensure that people feel valued and listened to by giving them opportunities to share their views and taking these views into account. We seek to understand people’s experiences, values and beliefs, and we recognise that their perspectives may differ from our own. Through keeping an open mind, we challenge our preconceptions and consider alternative ways of responding. Understanding the impact of emotions and welfare We try to recognise the physical, mental and emotional challenges that people may face, and listen to ensure that they feel valued and heard. We are aware of our own emotions and of the impact that we may have on those around us. Through reflection, we assess our biases, assumptions and knowledge gaps, understanding that they may have an impact on our decision-making. We recognise when we and our colleagues have been affected by the demands, stresses and traumas that can exist in policing. We seek help when it is needed and we understand that doing so is important for everyone’s wellbeing. Responding to individual needs As we engage with people who have a wide range of experiences and needs, we provide a service that takes account of each individual’s unique circumstances. In ensuring that everyone is treated equally and fairly, regardless of background or circumstance, we recognise the need to tailor our response to ensure that we are being responsive to individual needs and acting with integrity and respect. Being fair and impartial We respond fairly, impartially and with sensitivity to people’s needs and situations. We accept this as part of the selflessness required to undertake our roles. Download a poster Code of Ethics – Respect and empathy A4