or, indeed, conflicting messages about risks and planning arrangements to the same members of the public. It would be confusing, too, if several organisations were maintaining arrangements, simultaneously to issue uncoordinated public warnings about an emergency. Gaps in the arrangements could also arise because no one organisation had taken an overview. To address these difficulties, the regulations enable one local responder to take on the lead responsibility. 23 22 s. 2(2) 23 regulations 32-34. These Regulations are described in more detail in Chapter 7 of Emergency Preparedness, Communicating with the Public. That guidance also includes, at Annex 7C, a checklist of suggested protocols for warning, informing and advising the public. PAGE 16 2.29. There is a further risk of duplication where, for example, several Category 1 responders in the same LRF area each decide they are obliged to assess the same risk or the impact of that risk (for example, severe weather). Again, more than one Category 1 responder could believe it necessary to develop an emergency mortuary plan or a coastal pollution plan. Regulations address these potential problems by permitting all those Category 1 responders whose functions are exercised in relation to a particular duty (other than the duties to communicate with the public, see Chapter 7) to identify one of their number as lead responder. The lead responder is the Category 1 responder with lead responsibility for performing a given duty in relation to a given emergency, or an emergency of a particular kind, in that local resilience area.24 2.30. The other Category 1 responders who are party to the decision are referred to as non-lead Category 1 responders.25 2.31. Many of these issues of duplication are, of course, addressed through the activities of the Local Resilience Forum. The LRF can help the Category 1 local responders determine how the lead responder principle is applied. It ensures proper co-ordination of risk assessment and multi-agency planning and, under the separate regulations, communication with the public. 2.32. Regulations outline the duties on a lead Category 1 responder.26 They must: o take the lead responsibility for that particular task in that local resilience area; 27 o consult the non-lead Category 1 responders in performance of the duty; 24 regulation 9 25 regulation 9(4) 26 regulation 10 27 There are likely to be different lead responders appointed for different tasks within a particular local resilience area. PAGE 17 o keep the non-lead Category 1 responders informed about how they are fulfilling the duty; and o co-operate with non-lead Category 1 responders and, in particular, as far as reasonably practicable, obtain approval from the non-lead Category 1 responders for the way they are performing the duty. 2.33. Regulations also specify the role of the non-lead Category 1 responders.28 They must: o co-operate with the lead Category 1 responder in performance of the duty; o provide information to the lead Category 1 responder which will assist in performance of the duty; and o assist the lead responder in any exercises or training in connection