person in the exercise of a power conferred by subsection (2)(b) or (c) may seize any item found if the officer has reasonable grounds for believing that the person searched might use the itemÑ (a) to cause physical injury to that person or any other person; or (b) in a case where the person has been taken into custody, to escape from custody. 189C Exercise of the extradition transit powers (1) The extradition transit powers include power to use reasonable force when necessary. (2) An authorised officer may not, when exercising a relevant search power, require a person to remove any clothing other than an outer coat, jacket, headgear or gloves. (3) Any item seized from a person in the exercise of a relevant search power may be retained while the person is in transit through the United Kingdom. 189D Codes of practice (1) The Secretary of State must issue a code of practice in connection withÑ (a) the exercise of extradition transit powers; (b) the retention, use and return of anything seized under a relevant search power. (2) If the Secretary of State proposes to issue a code of practice under this section the Secretary of State mustÑ (a) publish a draft of the code; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 153 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) consider any representations made to the Secretary of State about the draft; (c) if the Secretary of State thinks it appropriate, modify the draft in the light of any such representations. (3) The Secretary of State must lay the code before Parliament. (4) After doing so the Secretary of State may bring the code into operation by order. (5) The Secretary of State may revise the whole or any part of a code issued under this section and issue the code as revised; and subsections (2) to (4) apply to such a revised code as they apply to the original code. (6) A failure by an authorised officer to comply with a provision of a code issued under this section does not of itself make the authorised officer liable to criminal or civil proceedings. (7) A code issued under this section is admissible in evidence in any proceedings and must be taken into account by a court in determining any question to which it appears to the court to be relevant. (8) If the Secretary of State publishes a draft code of practice in connection with a matter