data protection impact assessment when necessary as a measure under UK data protection obligations to determine what controls are needed. 3.3 Where threats are identified that cannot be resolved by Developers, this shall be communicated to System Operators and End-users to allow them to appropriately threat model their systems. 3.4 Where third-party organisations have responsibility for risks identified within an organisations infrastructure, System Operators should attain assurance that these parties are able to address the risk. 3.5 System Operators should seek to apply controls to risks identified through the analysis based on a range of considerations, including the cost of implementation in line with their corporate risk tolerance. 3.6 Developers and System Operators should recognise and accept that a level of risk will remain despite the application of controls to mitigate against them, and continuously monitor and review their system infrastructure according to risk appetite. Principle 4: Ensure decisions on user interactions are informed by AI-specific risks[footnote 27] Primarily applies to: Developers and System Operators [OWASP 2024, MITRE 2024, BSI1 2023, Microsoft 2022] 4.1 Developers and System Operators shall ensure that their system provides effective safeguards around model outputs through non-AI components and processes. This could also include the use of trained human oversight. 4.2 Developers shall take steps to validate that the designed controls specified by the Data Controller have been built into the system. 4.3 Developers should consider placing limits on the rate of model access (e.g. via APIs) to prevent attacks based on experimentation, and limit resource usage for single model inputs to prevent the overuse of resources. 4.4 Developers and System Operators should ensure end-users are aware of prohibited use cases of the AI system. 4.5 Developers and System Operators should be transparent with end-users about known limitations or potential failure modes to protect against overreliance. 4.6 If a Developer offers an API to external customers or collaborators, they shall apply appropriate controls that mitigate attacks on the AI system via the API. Secure Development Principle 5: Identify, track and protect your assets[footnote 28] Primarily applies to: Developers, System Operators and Data Controllers [OWASP 2024, Nvidia 2023, NCSC 2023, BSI1 2023, Cisco 2022, Deloitte 2023, Amazon 2023, G7 2023, ICO 2020] 5.1 Developers, Data Controllers and System Operators shall know where their assets reside and have assessed and accepted any associated risks as they evolve. These assets could include AI models, data (including user feedback), prompts, software, documentation, logs and assessments (including information about potentially unsafe capabilities and failure modes). 5.2 Developers, Data Controllers and System Operators shall have processes and tools to track, authenticate, manage version control and secure their assets. 5.3 System Operators shall have the ability to restore their systems to a known good state in the event of compromise. 5.4 All responsible stakeholders in this Code shall take steps to protect sensitive data, such as training or test data, against unauthorised access (see 6.2 and 6.2.1 for details on securing your data and other assets). 5.4.1 Developers, Data Controllers and System Operators