incident. Again with support from staff and easy read reporting forms. • Ensure dealing with people with Mental Health issues is acknowledged as part of core policing business whilst accepting, in order to provide the best service, we must work in partnership. We will support our partners with their response to mental ill health in our community. We will provide a policing service which is responsive to the needs of anybody with a learning disability, mental ill health or is suicidal. We will work with the community to provide a service, which responds to their needs by: • Engaging with community and advocacy groups to ensure a service is guided by the community for the community; • Partnering with health and social care professionals to offer the best possible policing response to their needs; • Ensuring Police contact with those who are unwell or in crisis is proportionate, legal, ethical and necessary; • Collaborating with academic establishments to ensure our work is externally scrutinised and our delivery reflects world class research. • Suicide prevention requires work across different settings. Together we have expertise and resources from the public, private and voluntary sector to support not only people who at risk of suicide but bereaved by suicide too. We will support health and social care services in delivering their responsibilities, performing our legal duties under the Mental Health Act to the best of our capability. This will ensure the response to mental ill health and learning disability crisis remains health led with a minimum of contact with the Criminal Justice System. APPLICABILITY All police officers and police staff, including the extended police family and those working voluntarily or under contract to Wiltshire Police must be aware of, and are required to comply with, this policy. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE This policy and supporting procedure take account of requirements under ECHR 1951, The Human Rights Act 1998, Equal Opportunities legislation, Mental Health Act 1983 (amended 2007), Mental Capacity Act 2005, the Health and Safety Act 1974, Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulations, the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 and other relevant criminal legislation. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Section136 MHA Act 1983 - Multi Agency Under 18s Operational Policy Section 136 Mental Health Act 1983 - Place of Safety multi agency procedure for Adults Section 135 Place of Safety Joint Agency Protocol Mental Health Ð South West Regional Mental Health Joint Protocol Police Attendance Use of Restraint in Mental Health & Learning Disability Settings Joint Agency Protocol Mental Health - National Escalation Process Management of Missing Persons and Absent Without Leave Protocol No Response and welfare check requests procedure Use of Force Policy AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Mental Health DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document will