is required by paragraph 10(2), 16(4)(b) or 18(2) to nominate one or more persons to be members of that panel, the Secretary of State must secure that the elected mayor is the person, or one of the persons, so nominated. (4) The duty in sub-paragraph (2) or (3) does not apply at a particular time if the person who holds office as the elected mayor at that time (the Òcurrent mayorÓ)Ñ (a) has, since the start of the current mayoral term, already been nominated to be a member of that panel (whether by the relevant local authority or the Secretary of State), and (b) did not become a member of that panel by virtue of the nomination. (5) But sub-paragraph (4) does not prevent the exercise of a power under this Schedule so as to make a further nomination of the current mayor to be a member of that panel. 34 (1) This paragraph applies ifÑ (a) a local authority has a mayor and cabinet executive, (b) under paragraph 6(2), 7(2), 8(2) or (3) or 16(2) the local authority nominates the person who holds office as elected mayor of the executive at that time (the Òcurrent mayorÓ) to be a member of the relevant police and crime panel, (c) that is the first such nomination of the current mayor since the start of the current mayoral term, and (d) the current mayor does not become a member of that panel by virtue of the nomination. (2) The Secretary of State may not, by virtue of that failure of the current mayor to become a member of the police and crime panel, nominate a person to be a member of that panel under paragraph 10(2) or 16(4)(b). 35 (1) This paragraph applies for the purposes of paragraphs 33 and 34 and this paragraph. 23 194 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) A reference to the start of the current mayoral term of a person who is the elected mayor of the executive of a local authority is a reference to the time when that personÑ (a) took office as elected mayor of that executive (if that person has been so elected on only one occasion), or (b) most recently took office as elected mayor of that executive (if that person has been so elected on two or more occasions). (3) The Òrelevant police and crime panelÓ, in relation to a local authority, is the police and crime panel for the police area which covers that authority. (4) The expressions Òelected mayorÓ and Òmayor and cabinet executiveÓ have the same meanings as in Part 2 of the Local Government Act 2000. Application of other legislation 36 (1) The Secretary of State may,