of Northern Ireland. (9) The duty in subsection (8)(a) does not apply if the Department of Justice considers thatÑ (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 115 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) there is not enough time to refer to the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body because the need to make the regulations is so urgent, or (b) it is unnecessary to do so by reason of the nature of the proposed regulations.Ó Independent Police Complaints Commission 135 Application of IPCC provisions to contractors In section 12 of the Police Reform Act 2002 (complaints, matters and persons to which Part 2 applies), at the end there is insertedÑ Ò(8) The Secretary of State may make regulations providing that, for the purposes of this Part and of any regulations made under this PartÑ (a) a contractor, (b) a sub-contractor of a contractor, or (c) an employee of a contractor or a sub-contractor, is to be treated as a person serving with the police. (9) Regulations under subsection (8) may make modifications to this Part, and to any regulations made under this Part, in its application to those persons. (10) In subsection (8) ÒcontractorÓ means a person who has entered into a contract with a local policing body or a chief officer to provide services to a chief officer.Ó 136 Application to IPCC of provisions about investigation of offences (1) In Schedule 3 to the Police Reform Act 2002 (handling of complaints and conduct matters etc), paragraph 19 (investigations by the Independent Police Complaints Commission itself) is amended as follows. (2) In sub-paragraph (6), for the words from Òprovide that such provisionsÓ to Òshall applyÓ there is substituted Òprovide thatÑ (a) such provisions of the 1984 Act relating to investigations of offences conducted by police officers as may be specified in the order, and (b) such provisions of a code of practice under section 60, 60A or 66 of that Act as may be so specified, shall apply Ó. (3) After sub-paragraph (6) there is insertedÑ (1) 116 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force