commissioned should consider the particular needs of all victims in the area and authorities must consider their Public Sector Equality Duty under the Equality Act 2010. All support within safe accommodation should be delivered by knowledgeable and/or experienced specialist providers, charities, and other voluntary organisations whose purpose is to provide support to victims of domestic abuse. This support should meet the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC) Quality Standards, Women’s Aid National Quality Standards, Imkaan Accredited Quality Standards, Male Domestic Abuse Network Service Standards or DAHA Accreditation Framework for Housing Providers. Local authorities have a duty under Part 4 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (‘the 2021 Act’) to provide safe accommodation. This duty requires that tier one authorities assess the need for accommodation-based support for victims of domestic abuse in their area and use the funding provided through Part 4 of the 2021 Act to supply this. Tier one and tier two local authorities need to work together to establish what support is needed at safe accommodation in the local authority area. The duty under Part 4 of the 2021 Act is a strategic duty rather than a duty owed to individuals. Where an eligible applicant approaches their local authority as homeless as a result of being a victim of domestic abuse, the local authority has a duty to treat the household as priority need for homeless assistance, and provide suitable accommodation as set out under Part 7 of the Housing Act 1996 and in the Homelessness Code of Guidance, rather than a duty to secure safe accommodation that meets the Part 4 requirements. Housing authorities must consider all of a household’s circumstances and needs when determining the suitability of accommodation, including personal safety, and local authorities may review placements on request. The regulations and statutory guidance on relevant accommodation provides information for housing authorities securing suitable accommodation for victims who are homeless as a result of domestic abuse. There is further information on Part 4 of the 2021 Act below. Housing authorities should also consider the needs of people who are rough sleeping or hidden homeless in formulating their approach to housing domestic abuse victims. Annual statutory homelessness statistics for 2020 to 2021 show that 31,180 households (12%) recorded ‘domestic abuse’ as their main reason for being homeless or threatened with homelessness.172 Where victims are rough sleeping, the risk of further abuse on the streets is significant. 171 It is permitted to provide single sex accommodation and services in safe accommodation. See the statutory guidance on https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/domestic-abuse-support-within-safe-accommodation/delivery-of-support-to-victims-of- domestic-abuse-in-domestic-abuse-safe-accommodation-services. 172 Ministry of Housing Communities and Local Government (now the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities). Statutory Homelessness Annual Report, 2020-21, England: 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Housing response Housing providers should have policies in place to identify and respond to domestic abuse. The White Paper on Social Housing sets out that the Regulator of Social Housing will make clear that landlords should have a policy setting out how they tackle issues surrounding domestic abuse,