. . . . . . . . . . . . . . (d) section 29(3)(a) of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (payments in respect of tort proceedings against police officers in Northern Ireland); and (e) paragraph 7(4)(a) of Schedule 3 to that Act (payment in respect of tort proceedings against police officers serving with, or assisting, the Police Ombudsman). (6) In section 42(6) of the 1997 Act (application to Scotland), paragraph (a) shall be omitted. (1) 144 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (7) In section 39 (1) of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77) (liability for wrongful acts of constables)Ñ (a) for Òin reparation in respect of any wrongful act or omissionÓ there shall be substituted Ò for any unlawful conduct Ó; and (b) for Òin respect of a wrongful act or omissionÓ there shall be substituted Ò for any unlawful conduct Ó. (8) In section 39(4) of that Act, for Òwrongful act or omissionÓ there shall be substituted Ò unlawful conduct Ó. International joint investigation teams 103 Liability in respect of members of teams (1) In section 88 of the 1996 Act (liability for wrongful acts of constables), after subsection (5) there shall be insertedÑ Ò(6) This section shall have effect where an international joint investigation team has been formed under the leadership of a constable who is a member of a police force as ifÑ (a) any unlawful conduct, in the performance or purported performance of his functions as such, of any member of that team who is neither a constable nor an employee of the police authority were unlawful conduct of a constable under the direction and control of the chief officer of police of that force; and (b) subsection (4) applied, in the case of the police authority maintaining that force, to every member of that team to whom it would not apply apart from this subsection. (7) In this section Òinternational joint investigation teamÓ means any investigation team formed in accordance withÑ (a) any framework decision on joint investigation teams adopted under Article 34 of the Treaty on European Union; (b) the Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters between the Member States of the European Union, and the Protocol to that (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes