The employee must be informed of any changes in the nature of the allegations. Care must be taken to deal with the employee in a fair and reasonable manner. The nature and extent of misconduct investigations will depend upon the seriousness and complexity of the matter in question. It should be proportionate to the allegation made in terms of the time spent, the depth and detail. IOÕs are mindful that their role is to gather evidence surrounding the allegation and to look for evidence that supports the employeeÕs case as well as evidence against. Any investigation conducted by the PSD IOÕs are done so in line with the PSD Charter (See Appendix 4) 5.3 Investigations as a result of public complaints An appropriate manager or PSD Investigator, if appropriate, will be assigned to investigate an allegation of misconduct arising from a public complaint. The purpose of the investigation is to establish the facts surrounding the complaint and allegations. The investigation may be required to be conducted in accordance with The Police Reform Act 2002 (The Act) should the investigation arise as a result of a public complaint. The Act sets out a framework governing how complaints by members of the public against employees or conduct matters arising out of civil proceedings should be dealt with. The Act created the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). Certain complaints or conduct matters, if of a serious nature, may be investigated by the IOPC or supervised by them. Matters of a less serious nature will be investigated internally by PSD. At the end of an investigation pursuant to the Act, the Investigating Officer is required to inform the member of the public making the complaint of the conclusions from the investigation. The member of the public may be informed that: - (a) There is not enough evidence to uphold their complaint. In such circumstances no formal disciplinary action would be taken against the employee subject of the complaint. (b) The Organisation has decided to improve or amend its procedures in response to the complaint. In such circumstances no formal disciplinary action would be taken against the employee subject of the complaint. (c) The Organisation intends to take formal disciplinary or other management action against the member of staff. In such circumstances either disciplinary action in accordance with procedure would be taken against the employee subject of the complaint, or advice may be given including the development of an action plan in accordance with the ePDR process. (d) The complaint may be referred to the Crown Prosecution Service for advice on criminal prosecution. However, in such circumstances, disciplinary action in accordance with this procedure may still be taken against the employee without waiting for the outcome of any criminal investigation. If a member of the public is not satisfied with the manner in which their complaint has been dealt with they may appeal to the relevant appeal body (Chief Constable) or the IOPC. The complainant cannot appeal where there has been a finding of