– Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes An appropriate officer may appeal to the Court of Session against— a determination made by a sheriff under section 131B; a decision by a sheriff not to make a determination under that section. An appeal under this section must be made before the end of the period of 21 days starting with the day on which the decision or (as the case may be) the order was made. On an appeal under this section the Court of Session may— confirm, quash or vary the decision or (as the case may be) the order, or make such order as Court of Session believes is appropriate. In this section “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 120A. 131D Proceeds of realisation This section applies to sums which— are in the hands of an appropriate officer, and are the proceeds of the realisation of property under section 131A. The sums must be applied as follows— first, they must be applied in payment of such expenses incurred by a person acting as an insolvency practitioner as are payable under this subsection by virtue of section 432; second, they must be applied in making any payments directed by the sheriff; third, they must be paid to the appropriate clerk of court on account of the amount payable under the confiscation order. If the amount payable under the confiscation order has been fully paid and any sums remain in the appropriate officer's hands, the appropriate officer must distribute them— among such persons who held (or hold) interests in the property represented by the proceeds as the sheriff directs, and in such proportions as the sheriff directs. Before making a direction under subsection (3) the sheriff must give persons who held (or hold) interests in the property a reasonable opportunity to make representations to the sheriff. In this section— “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 120A; “appropriate clerk of court” means the sheriff clerk of the sheriff court responsible for enforcing the confiscation order under section 211 of the Procedure Act as applied by section 118(1).” In section 131 (sums received by clerk of court)— in subsection (3)(b) after “section 130(3)(a)” insert “ or 131D(2)(a) ”, in subsection (5) after “130” insert “ or 131D ”, and after subsection (5) insert— 82 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with