interested stakeholders and practitioners. The guidance will not conflict with, or alter the scope of, the new criminal offence, which will itself be the subject of parliamentary scrutiny during the parliamentary passage of this Bill. And finally, new clause ÒGuidanceÓ does not impose any obligation on any named public authorities or individuals to follow the new statutory guidance. The approach taken in the new clause is consistent with other 1. legislative provisions providing for statutory guidance, for example, section 63Q of the Family Law Act 1996 in relation to forced marriage and sections 19, 32, 41, 56, 73 and 91 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 in respect of powers for tackling anti-social behaviour. New clause ÒPrevention or restriction of use of communication devices by prisoners etcÓ: Power to make regulations conferring power on a court to order a communications provider to disconnect a mobile phone in use in prison without authorisation Power conferred on: The Secretary of State and the Scottish Ministers Power exercisable by: Regulations made by statutory instrument Parliamentary procedure: Affirmative 3. New clause ÒPrevention or restriction of use of communication devices by prisoners etcÓ confers on the Secretary of State (in relation to England and Wales) and the Scottish Ministers (in relation to Scotland) a power to make provision by regulations conferring power on a court to make a Òtelecommunications restriction orderÓ. This is an order which will require a communications provider to take whatever action the order specifies for the purpose of preventing or restricting the use of a mobile phone (or other communications device) in a prison where the use of the phone is unauthorised. The new clause sets out what regulations must make provision about (subsection (3)) and what they may make provision about (subsection (4)). It also defines certain terms, such as Òcommunications providerÓ (subsection (8)). 4. Mobile phones in prisons are associated with numerous crimes, including the illicit supply of drugs and other organised crime. There are a number of offences relating to the use of mobile phones in prisons without authorisation. These can be found in the Prison Act 1952 (for England and Wales). Similar offences exist for Scotland. Section 40D(1) of the Prison Act 1952 creates the offence of taking a photograph or making sound recordings in a prison or transmitting any image or sound by electronic communications. Section 40D(3) creates offences designed to prohibit the conveyance or transmission of restricted documents out of a prison. Section 40D(3A) creates an offence in relation to the possession of, inter alia, a mobile phone, without authorisation. 5. ÔAuthorisationÕ for the purposes of section 40D of the Prison Act 1952 is defined in section 40E of that Act and means authorisation given for the purposes of that section in relation to all prisons or prisons of a specified description, by prison rules or by the Secretary of State; and in relation to a particular prisonÑ • by the Secretary of State; • by the governor or director of the