agency of the Department for Transport (DfT), responsible for managing the English Strategic Road Network, comprising motorways and A-roads (primary routes). The Highways Agency does not operate in Wales, where WG has responsibility for trunk roads. Divided into a number of operational regions and areas, the work of the Highways Agency includes maintenance and development of roads, structures and equipment on the Network. Since 2004, with the introduction of the Traffic Officer Service, operational management of traffic on those roads has also become an important part of the AgencyÕs remit, with the National Traffic Control Centre providing traffic and travel information through a variety of media across the Network. The Agency also has a keen interest in multi- agency working and partnerships with all key stakeholders, in particular the Police, helping to respond effectively to incidents. 2.148. It is crucial that these planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. Highways Agency emergency planning teams exist within each region and will attend LRF meetings and sub-groups on the basis of Òright to attend, right to inviteÓ. 2.149. The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) has a crucial role to play in certain aspects of the LRF process. In particular, the HSE has a significant input to make in the assessment of risk, and the development of the Community Risk Register. The HSE also has a role in relation to offshore oil and gas installations. 2.150. The HSE may be expected to attend LRF meetings and sub-groups when relevant items are tabled. 2.151. Strategic Health Authorities73(SHAs) in England act as the regional headquarters for the NHS. They do not deliver services but provide leadership, co-ordination and support across a defined geographical area, managing the performance of PCTs and NHS Trusts. 73 References to NHS structures will be amended as appropriate following restructuring. 2.152. Arrangements vary, but SHAs are likely to represent the NHS at multi-LRF Forums. Co-ordination between the SHA and the lead PCTs in each LRF area ensures sound representation. Other co-operating bodies 2.153. The DCLG Resilience and Emergencies Division (DCLG RED) and the Welsh Government (WG) are responsible for ensuring that there is good two-way communication between Category 1 and Category 2 responders and central government, that planning is co- ordinated where necessary, and that Category 1 responders have the support they need. DCLG and WG need a full understanding of the work of LRFs, not least because of the requirement to develop plans for emergencies beyond the local level. 2.154. DCLG and WG can be expected to be standing members of the LRFs in their area. They will generally attend only as observers, though they will be able to add value in a number of ways, including offering advice on the wider picture, and encouraging cross- boundary working and the sharing of good practice. 2.155. The armed forces have a small permanent role in local civil protection through the provision of unique and guaranteed