9.13. The new Regulations create a pan-London LRF, which includes Borough Resilience Forums, and this statutory guidance sets out the need for multi-borough LRFs as sub-groups of the London LRF. This creates a three tier structure to emergency planning in London, with each tier having a very specific role to play in London resilience. Local Resilience Forum 9.14. The role of the LRF is to provide strategic, senior level direction for co-ordinated and effective multi-agency emergency planning in London; bringing together national government (via the London Government Liaison Team in DCLG), the Mayor of London, LondonÕs emergency services, other key public services and the business, faith and voluntary communities. 9.15. The LRF will ensure that London is fully prepared to deal with the consequences of a wide range of disruptive incidents, from terrorist attacks through to the impact of climate change or a pandemic. 9.16. The LRF will: o agree joint strategic and policy approaches relating to LondonÕs preparedness and response; o produce and maintain a Risk Register for London, ensuring that it provides a robust basis for planning and reflects the current risks that are affecting the capital. This was formerly a duty carried out by LFEPA on behalf of the six multi-borough groupings but has now moved from this level to the pan-London level through the LRF. The regulations allowed for a transitional period of up to a year to facilitate this move; o o provide a mechanism for information on threat, hazard and risk management, flowing in both directions between local, sub-national and national organisations; o ensure that appropriate pan-London multi-agency plans, procedures, training and exercises necessary to address the identified or foreseeable local and wider area hazards are in place and outstanding gaps identified; o improve co-ordination across the capital by supporting cross-boundary working, mutual aid agreements and information sharing; o improve co-ordination with other areas; o review and recommend the core membership of each BRF; o review and agree the groupings of boroughs that comprise the multi-borough tier of emergency planning. Borough Resilience Forum 9.17. Borough Resilience Forums will be responsible for multi-agency emergency planning at the local level as determined by borough risks and needs. They will also contribute to emergency planning for London, as directed by the London LRF. They will facilitate co-operation and information sharing between resilience partners at the local authority level and the London LRF. 9.18. The LRF will: o agree on joint strategic and policy approaches relating to the areaÕs emergency preparedness and response; o approve the Risk Register for their area, ensuring it provides a robust basis for planning and records both borough level and relevant London wide risks; o o co-ordinate the individual approaches and responsibilities of each organisation to ensure that they complement each other and dovetail with partnersÕ arrangements; and o have regard to the implications of legislation and national initiatives and undertake its activities in accordance with strategic decisions agreed by the London LRF for the Borough Resilience Forum. Multi-borough sub-groups 9.19. The multi-borough