responders to put in place arrangements for exercising BCPs in order to ensure that they are effective1.0 These arrangements should encompass the three principal purposes of exercising: o validating plans - to verify that the plan works; o rehearsing key staff - to familiarise key staff with what is expected of them in a crisis and preparing them for crisis conditions; and o testing systems - to ensure that systems relied upon to deliver resilience (e.g. uninterrupted power supply) function correctly and offer the degree of protection expected. 10 regulation 25(a) 6.23. As a simple rule, if it has not been tested it does not work. Exercising must be maintained to hold credibility and encourage ownership across the organisation. Tests should build on the organisationÕs past experience. The exercising programme should be flexible, and the focus and frequency of exercises should be responsive to: o the rate of change - where the pace of change (e.g. to the organisation or risk profile) is particularly rapid, exercises may need to be more frequent; and o outcomes of previous exercises - the identification of particular weaknesses and subsequent changes to plans may necessitate further exercising. Training key staff 6.24. It is important to ensure that relevant people across the Category 1 responder - and in other organisations where appropriate - are confident and competent concerning the plan. It is particularly important that staff receive appropriate training prior to exercising. This will ensure that they are adequately prepared for what can be a challenging experience. 6.25. The Regulations require Category 1 responders to put in place a training programme for those directly involved in the execution of the BCP should it be invoked.11 This should be reflected in plans. This should cover: o the contents of the plan - how is the plan invoked? What are the key decision-making processes? Who else needs to be involved? 11 regulation 25(b) o their role in implementing the plan - what is expected of them? How do they fit into the wider picture? o key skills and knowledge required in crisis response. Reviewing and maintaining BCPs 6.26. The Act specifically requires Category 1 responders to maintain business continuity plans to ensure that they can continue to deliver key services in the event of an emergency.12 This means that Category 1 responders must not only put plans in place, but ensure that they are reviewed and kept up to date. 6.27. Category 1 responders exist in a dynamic environment - organisations themselves and the environment they operate in are subject to change. BCPs need to be reviewed and updated to ensure that they remain valid. The following aspects of plans should be reviewed: o personnel - staff turnover means that contact details will need constant updating; o the responsibilities of the Category 1 responder - where a Category 1 responder takes on new functions or delivers new services, this should be reflected; o organisational structures - where responders have experienced restructuring this may need to be reflected