with the appropriate approval under section 47G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. “Premises” has the meaning given by section 23 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984. 47E Search power: people An appropriate officer may exercise the following powers if the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that a person is carrying property that may be seized under section 47C. The officer may, so far as the officer thinks it necessary or expedient for the purpose of seizing the property under that section, require the person— to permit a search of any article with the person, to permit a search of the person. An officer exercising a power under subsection (2) may detain the person for so long as is necessary for its exercise. A power conferred by this section may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 47G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. This section does not require a person to submit to an intimate search or strip search (within the meaning of section 164 of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979). 47F Search power: vehicles The powers specified in subsection (4) are exercisable if— an appropriate officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that a vehicle contains property that may be seized under section 47C, and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 49 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes it appears to the officer that the vehicle is under the control of a person who is in or in the vicinity of the vehicle. The powers are exercisable only if the vehicle is— in any place to which, at the time of the proposed exercise of the powers, the public or any section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission, or in any other place to which at that time people have ready access but which is not a dwelling. But if the vehicle is in a garden or yard or other land occupied with and used for the purposes of a dwelling, the officer may exercise the powers under subsection (4) only if the officer has reasonable grounds for believing— that the person does not reside in the dwelling, and that the vehicle is not in the place in question with the express or implied permission of another who resides in the dwelling. The officer may, so far as the officer thinks