civilian staff, if the settlement is approved by the relevant police and crime commissioner. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 163 (2) A police and crime commissioner may, in such cases and to such extent as appear to the commissioner to be appropriate, pay out of the police fund kept by the commissionerÑ (a) any damages or costs awarded against a member of the relevant police force's civilian staff in proceedings for any unlawful conduct of that person; (b) any costs incurred and not recovered by such a member of staff in such proceedings; and (c) any sum required in connection with the settlement of a claim that has or might have given rise to such proceedings. Disciplinary action etc 9 Paragraph 2 does not affect the application of regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996 to the constable who occupies the office of chief constable. SCHEDULE 3 Section 3 MAYOR'S OFFICE FOR POLICING AND CRIME Allowances 1 (1) The occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime is to be paid authorised allowances. (2) In this paragraph Òauthorised allowancesÓ means allowances, in respect of expenses incurred by the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime in the exercise of the functions of that Office, which are of the kinds and amounts designated by the Secretary of State as payable in accordance with this paragraph. (3) A determination under this paragraph may make different provision for different cases. (4) Payments under this paragraph are to be made by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. 164 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Staff 2 (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must appoint a person to be the head of that Office's staff (referred to in this Part as the chief executive of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime). (2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may appoint such other staff (in addition to the chief executive, and the chief finance officer appointed under section 127(2) of the Greater London Authority Act 1999) as the Office thinks appropriate to enable the Office to exercise its functions. (3) A reference in any enactment to the officers of a functional body of the Greater London Authority is, in the case of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, to be read as a reference to the staff of that Office. 3