UNDER SCHEDULE 7 General requirements 20K (1) A person's detention under Schedule 7 must be periodically reviewed by a review officer. (2) The first review must be carried out before the end of the period of one hour beginning with the person's detention under that Schedule. (2) 234 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Port and border controls Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) Subsequent reviews must be carried out at intervals of not more than two hours. (4) The review officer may authorise a person's continued detention under Schedule 7 only if satisfied that it is necessary for the purposes of exercising a power under paragraph 2 or 3 of that Schedule. (5) If on a review under this paragraph the review officer does not authorise a person's continued detention, the person must be released (unless detained under another power). (6) In this Part of this Schedule Òreview officerÓ means a senior officer who has not been directly involved in questioning the detained person under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7. (7) ÒSenior officerÓ meansÑ (a) where the examining officer is a constable, a constable of a higher rank than the examining officer, (b) where the examining officer is an immigration officer, an immigration officer of a higher grade than the examining officer, and (c) where the examining officer is a customs officer, a customs officer of a higher grade than the examining officer. (8) The Secretary of State must under paragraph 6 of Schedule 14 issue a code of practice about reviews under this Part of this Schedule. (9) The code of practice must include provision about training to be undertaken by persons who are to act as review officers. Representations 20L (1) Before determining whether to authorise a person's continued detention, a review officer must give either of the following persons an opportunity to make representations about the detentionÑ (a) the detained person, or (b) a solicitor representing the detained person who is available at the time of the review. (2) Representations may be oral or written. (3) A review officer may refuse to hear oral representations from the detained person if the officer considers that the detained person is unfit to make representations because of the detained person's condition or behaviour. Rights 20M (1) Where a review officer authorises continued detention the officer must inform the detained personÑ (a) of any of the detained person's rights under paragraphs 6 and 7 which have not yet been exercised, and (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014