a description specified, in the regulations. The information falling within this subsection is— the identity of a whistle-blower or information that might (whether alone or with other information) tend to reveal that identity; the nature of a concern raised by a whistle-blower. The power conferred by subsection (1) may be exercised only to the extent that the Secretary of State considers necessary for any of the permitted disclosure purposes. “The permitted disclosure purposes” are— the protection of the interests of national security; the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension of offenders; the institution or conduct of criminal proceedings; the investigation of allegations of misconduct against whistle-blowers and the taking of disciplinary proceedings or other appropriate action in relation to such allegations; investigations under Part 2 that relate to whistle-blowers; investigations under this Part; any other purpose that is for the protection of the public interest. Except as provided by regulations under subsection (1) or by any other provision of this Part, the [F390Director General] may not disclose information falling within subsection (2) unless the whistle-blower consents to the disclosure. 29K Other restrictions on disclosure of information The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision setting out the circumstances in which the [F391Director General] is required or authorised to disclose Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 79 Part 2B – Investigation of concerns raised by whistle-blowers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes information falling within subsection (2) (or any particular description of such information) to persons specified, or of a description specified, in the regulations. The information falling within this subsection is— information relating to an investigation under section 29D; information relating to the outcome of any such investigation. The power conferred by subsection (1) may be exercised only to the extent that the Secretary of State considers necessary for any of the permitted disclosure purposes. In this section, “the permitted disclosure purposes” has the same meaning as in section 29J. Except as provided by regulations under subsection (1) or by any other provision of this Part, the [F391Director General] may not disclose information falling within subsection (2). 29L Application of provisions of Part 2 The following provisions of Part 2 apply in relation to the functions of the [F392Director General] under this Part as they apply in relation to the functions of the [F392Director General] under Part 2— section 15 (general duties of local policing bodies, chief officers and inspectors); section 16 (payment for assistance with investigation); section 17 (provision of information to the [F392Director General]); section 18 (inspection of police premises on behalf of the [F392Director General]);