meaning of the Life Sentences (Northern Ireland) Order 2001 (S.I. 2001/2564 (N.I. 2)) (see Article 2 of that Order). (9) In this sectionÑ ÒjusticeÓ meansÑ (a) a justice of the peace in England and Wales, (b) a sheriff or summary sheriff in Scotland, or (c) a lay magistrate in Northern Ireland; Òrelevant forceÓ meansÑ (a) if the premises specified in the application for the warrant are in England or Wales, the police force maintained for the police area in which those premises are situated, (b) if those premises are in Scotland, the Police Service of Scotland, or (c) if those premises are in Northern Ireland, the Police Service of Northern Ireland; Òsenior police officerÓ means a constable of the rank of superintendent or above.Ó 187 Powers of seizure and retention After section 43D of the Terrorism Act 2000 insertÑ Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 4 Ð Management of terrorist offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 235 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò43E Seizure and retention of items found in search under section 43C or 43D (1) This section applies where a constable carries outÑ (a) a search of a terrorist offender under section 43C(1), (b) a search of a vehicle, or anything in or on a vehicle, under section 43C(5), or (c) a search of premises further to a warrant issued under section 43D. (2) A constable may seize anything that the constable finds in the course of the search ifÑ (a) the constable reasonably suspects thatÑ (i) the thing is or contains evidence in relation to an offence, and (ii) it is necessary to seize it in order to prevent it being concealed, lost, damaged, altered or destroyed, or (b) the constable reasonably believes that it is necessary to do so for the purpose of ascertainingÑ (i) whether the offender has breached a condition of the offenderÕs licence, and (ii) if so, whether the breach affects the risk of terrorism to which members of the public are exposed. (3) Anything seized under subsection (2) may beÑ (a) subjected to tests; (b) retained for as long as is necessary in all the circumstances (but see subsection (5)). (4) In particular (and regardless of the ground on which the thing was seized)Ñ (a) if a constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the thing is or contains evidence in relation to an offence, it may be retainedÑ (i) for use as evidence at a trial for an offence, or (ii) for forensic examination or for investigation in connection with an offence; (b)