to alter or replace the Code. This Code and any subsequent replacement Code will be published on the GOV.UK website and relevant persons must have regard to it. 6 Authorisation and approval 6.1 The exercise of powers of entry should be provided for by the relevant legislation. 6.2 There should also be a proper process of approval for the exercise of powers of entry, whether for specific visits or for programmes of visits. If an approval process is laid out in legislation, this should be followed, otherwise organisations should ensure that an approval process is in place for the exercise of powers of entry. Where routine inspections or visits for large scale operations are involved, processes should be agreed and approval granted by a senior official or manager (this should be someone sufficiently senior in the chain of command who is authorised to approve the exercise of powers). It is not necessary for every individual visit to be separately approved. 6.3 Authorised persons and processes for the approval of the exercise of a power of entry should be periodically reviewed to ensure that persons and management processes are appropriate. 7 Providing notice of rights to occupiers 7.1 Where it is judged necessary to exercise a power of entry authorised persons should generally provide a Notice of Powers and Rights in a standard format to the occupier. This should include: • whether the entry will be conducted with or without a warrant; • the powers of entry and associated powers used; • the occupierÕs rights; • any compensation or complaints procedures that exist; and • where a copy of this Code of Practice may be obtained. 7.2 In appropriate cases, compensation may be payable for damage caused by entering and searching premises. In such cases authorised persons should explain any compensation procedures. 7.3 Examples of where it may not be necessary to provide a Notice of Powers and Rights to occupants are: • Routine checks on vehicles at ports where a check or search is brief, the person concerned consents to the search and no issues of concern arise, or routine checks on ships or aircraft where no occupant with responsibility for the ship or aircraft is present. • Where powers are exercised routinely with the consent of the occupier or where the premises are readily accessible by the public (e.g. trading estate) or where the entry is solely to gain access to other premises. 7.4 Relevant powers should however be explained where this is requested. 1.1 8 Entering premises Advance notice 8.1 Where it is appropriate and practicable to do so, reasonable notice (usually not less than 48 hours or as specified in relevant legislation) should be provided to the occupier or landowner of the intention before exercising a power of entry. Where legislation specifically provides that no notice need be given, authorised persons should nevertheless still consider whether notice could be provided, and where appropriate provide this, where it will not frustrate the purposes of exercising the power of