appointed as an immigration officer under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Immigration Act 1971 may exercise any of the powers under this paragraph, at a place that is not a port, if the examining officer reasonably believes that a person is in possession of a cancelled UK passport or an invalid non-UK travel document.] (2) F93[A passport is Òa cancelled UK passportÓ] ifÑ (a) the passport was issued by or for Her Majesty's Government, F94[and] (b) the Secretary of State has cancelled the passport on the basis that the person to whom it was issued has or may have been, or will or may become, involved in activities so undesirable that it is contrary to the public interest for the person to have access to passport facilities, F95... F96(c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F97[(2A) An invalid travel document is Òan invalid non-UK travel documentÓ if it is, or appears to be, a passport or other document which has been issued by or for the government of a state other than the United Kingdom.] (3) The powers areÑ (a) to require the person to hand over all travel documents in his or her possession for inspection by F98[the examining officer]; (b) to search for travel documents and to take possession of any that F99[the examining officer] finds; (c) to inspect any travel document taken from the person and to retain it while its validity is checked; (d) (subject to paragraph 4) to retain any travel document taken from the person that F100[the examining officer reasonably believes] to be invalid. (4) The power under sub-paragraph (3)(b) is a power to searchÑ (a) the person; (b) anything that the person has with him or her; (c) any vehicle in which F101[the examining officer reasonably believes] the person to have been travelling or to be about to travel; (d) any premises on which F102[the examining officer] is lawfully present. (5) F103[An examining officer]Ñ (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Powers to seize invalid passports etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 225 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) may if necessary use reasonable force for the purpose of exercising a power under this paragraph; (b) may authorise a person to carry out on F104[the examining officerÕs behalf] a search under this paragraph. Textual Amendments F92 Sch. 8 para. 3(1) substituted (31.1.2017 for specified purposes, 3.4.2017 in so far as not