Regulations about modification etc of functions 40 (1) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision for modifying, suspending, transferring or removing relevant functions insofar as they are exercisable in relation to police and crime panels in respect of which the Secretary of State is, or has been, required to nominate members. (2) In this paragraph, Òrelevant functionsÓ means functions conferred on relevant local authorities or the Secretary of State by this Schedule. (2) 196 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Interpretation 41 (1) A reference in this Schedule to a police area which covers a local authority is a reference to a police area whose area is the same as, or includes, all or part of the local authority's area. (2) The circumstances in which a relevant local authority may be taken, for the purposes of this Schedule, to have failed to nominate or appoint a councillor as a member of a police and crime panel include circumstances where a councillor who is nominated and appointed fails to remain as a member of the panel for such a period as the Secretary of State considers reasonable. (3) In this ScheduleÑ Òappointed memberÓ means a member of a police and crime panel by virtue of paragraph 4(1)(a) or 13(1)(a); Òco-opted memberÓ means a member of a police and crime panel by virtue of paragraph 4(1)(b) or 13(1)(b); ÒcouncillorÓ, in relation to a local authority, means a person whoÑ (a) is a member of the local authority, or (b) is the elected mayor of a mayor and cabinet executive (within the meaning of Part 2 of the Local Government Act 2000) of a relevant local authority; ÒEnglish police and crime panelÓ means a police and crime panel for a police area in England; Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a county council or a district council; (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council; Òmulti-authority police areaÓ means a police area which covers two or more local authorities; Òpanel arrangementsÓ means the arrangements referred to in paragraph 24; Òrelevant local authorityÓ, in relation to a police area, means a local authority which the police area covers; Òsingle-authority police areaÓ means a police area which covers only one local authority; ÒWelsh police and crime panelÓ means a police and crime panel for a police area in Wales. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Regulations about complaints and conduct matters Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 197