World Bank. 2012. Fighting Corruption in Public Services. Chronicling GeorgiaÕs Reforms. Disclaimer All views in this text are the author(s)Õ and may differ from the U4 partner agenciesÕ policies. Partner agencies DFAT (Australia), GIZ/BMZ (Germany), Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland, Danida (Denmark), Sida (Sweden), SDC (Switzerland), Norad (Norway), UK Aid/DFID. About U4 The U4 anti-corruption helpdesk is a free research service exclusively for staff from U4 partner agencies. This service is a collaboration between U4 and Transparency International (TI) in Berlin, Germany. Researchers at TI run the helpdesk. The U4 Anti-Corruption Resource Centre shares research and evidence to help international development actors get sustainable results. The centre is part of Chr. Michelsen Institute (CMI) in Bergen, Norway Ð a research institute on global development and human rights. www.U4.no U4@cmi.no Keywords police Ð bribery Ð Hong Kong Ð Singapore Ð Georgia Open access We apply a Creative Commons licence to our publications: CC BY-NC-ND 4.0. U4 Partner staff can use the helpdesk for free. Email us at helpdesk@u4.no 24/03/2025 Boost your digital IQ and understanding of deepfakes https://www.college.police.uk/article/boost-your-digital-iq-and-understanding-deepfakes Page Boost your digital IQ and understanding of deepfakes Boost your digital IQ and understanding of deepfakes Published on 6 March 2025 Join the College of Policing's free online knowledge and practice sharing events News 1 min read In today's digital age, understanding digital investigations is essential for all officers, not just specialists. As technology evolves, so do the methods used in crime, fraud, and cybersecurity threats. From social media and encrypted messaging to financial transactions and data breaches, digital evidence is now critical to solving cases and delivering justice. For police forces, strengthening digital investigation skills enhances the ability to collect, analyse, and interpret evidence effectively. By staying ahead of emerging threats, forces can improve investigative outcomes, protect communities, and contribute to a safer, more secure digital landscape. Digital deception: understanding the deepfake challenge Date: 19 March 2025, 9:30am You can find out more about the speakers and sessions in this online event in the agenda. Book your place Boosting digital IQ: essential knowledge for modern law enforcement Date: 20 March 2025, 9:30am You can find out more about the speakers and sessions in this online event in the agenda. Book your place Tags Digital intelligence and investigation Menu Home Crime, justice and law Data protection Borders, immigration and citizenship: privacy information notice Home O?ce UK Visas and Immigration Immigration Enforcement Border Force Introduction The Home O?ce hold and process personal information supplied or collected for the purposes of: entering or leaving the UK securing the border making an application for a visa leave, settlement, citizenship or other immigration service claiming asylum other forms of protection Or processed as part of: the process of securing the border enforcing immigration laws law enforcement for criminal matters any other lawful matter including those related to public health The Home O?ce is based at 2 Marsham Street, London SW1P 4DF. The Home O?ce is the controller for this information. This includes when the information