this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) the name of the substance or product, or (b) a description of the substance or product (which may take such form as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate for the purposes of the specification). (6) A substance or product specified in a temporary class drug order as a drug subject to temporary control ceases to be a controlled drug by virtue of the orderÑ (a) at the end of one year beginning with the day on which the order comes into force, or (b) if earlier, upon the coming into force of an Order in Council under section 2(2) by virtue of which the substance or product is specified in Part 1, 2 or 3 of Schedule 2. (7) Subsection (6)Ñ (a) is subject to subsection (10), and (b) is without prejudice to the power of the Secretary of State to vary or revoke a temporary class drug order by a further order. (8) The power of the Secretary of State to make an order under this section is subject to section 2B. (9) An order under this section is to be made by statutory instrument. (10) An order under this sectionÑ (a) must be laid before Parliament after being made, and (b) ceases to have effect at the end of the period of 40 days beginning with the day on which the order is made unless before the end of that period the order is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. (11) In calculating that period of 40 days no account is to be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than 4 days. (12) Subsection (10)(b)Ñ (a) is without prejudice to anything previously done or to the power of the Secretary of State to make a new order under this section; (b) does not apply to an order that only revokes a previous order under this section. 2B Orders under section 2A: role of Advisory Council etc (1) Before making an order under section 2A the Secretary of StateÑ (a) must consult as mentioned in subsection (2), or (b) must have received a recommendation from the Advisory Council to make the order. (2) The Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) the Advisory Council, or (b) if the order is to be made under section 2A(1) and the urgency condition applies, the person mentioned in subsection (3). (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 341 (3) The person referred to in