or investigation. In such circumstances consultation may not be advisable. 20. The expectation is that the provisions of the Code will apply to all searches carried out under this Code. 21. A refusal to allow a search of premises or a vehicle may in some instances constitute an offence, (including but not limited to) of wilful obstruction of an appropriate officer in the exercise of a power10. This would be a criminal matter and is not an issue for, or subject to, this Code. Appropriate officers should be aware of other legislation and codes applicable in these circumstances. 22. The appropriate judges to grant these powers are, in relation to confiscation investigations, a judge entitled to exercise the jurisdiction of the Crown Court, in Northern I reland, a Crown Court judge and in relation to a civil recovery investigation, a judge of the High Court. Before a judge can grant any of the Part 8 orders or warrants, they will have to be satisfied that the statutory requirements are met. For each order or warrant to be granted, there is a statutory requirement11 that there must be reasonable grounds for suspecting that: • in relation to a confiscation investigation, the person who is the subject of the investigation has benefited from their criminal conduct; • in relation to a civil recovery investigation, (a) the person who is the subject of the investigation holds recoverable property or associated property, or has at any time held recoverable property or associated property, or (b) (except in the case of a customer information order) the property which is the subject of the investigation is recoverable property or associated property.12 Reasonable grounds for suspicion 23. Reasonable suspicion can never be supported on the basis of personal factors alone without reliable supporting intelligence or information or some specific behaviour by the person concerned. For example, a personÕs race, religion or age cannot be used alone or in combination with another personal factor as the reason for establishing suspicion. Reasonable suspicion cannot 10 See section 89 of the Police Act 1996 (in relation to constables), section 66 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998, section 453A of POCA (in relation to AFIs) and section 31 of the Commissioners for Revenue and Customs Act 2005 (in relation to officers of HMRC). 11 Except in relation to an application for a search and seizure warrant where a production order has been granted but not complied with, but the statutory requirement will have applied in relation to the granting of the production order (see section 352(6)(a)). 12 Because of the nature of the order, in the case of a customer information order, point (c) is not applicable, and in the case of an application for an account monitoring order, only point (a) is applicable. be based on generalisations or stereotypical images of certain groups or categories of people being more likely to be involved in criminal activity. Reasonable suspicion should normally be linked to accurate and current intelligence or information.