imposed in the United Kingdom (whether or not on licence). If a person is to be returned to a territory by virtue of an undertaking given under subsection (2), the undertaking is sufficient authority for a constable— to remove the person from any prison or other institution where the person is detained; to keep the person in custody until returned; to convey the person to the territory. 153B Return of person in pursuance of undertaking This section applies if— an undertaking is given under section 153A(2) as to the return of a person to a territory; the person is returned to the territory in pursuance of the undertaking; the person is returned to the United Kingdom to serve the remainder of any sentence imposed in the United Kingdom or the person otherwise returns to the United Kingdom. Time during which the person was outside the United Kingdom as a result of the undertaking given under section 153A(2) does not count as time served by the person as part of the sentence. If the person is not entitled to be released from detention pursuant to the sentence— the person is liable to be detained in pursuance of the sentence, and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 101 if at large, the person must be treated as being unlawfully at large. If the person is entitled to be released from detention on licence pursuant to the sentence— if the person was released on licence at the time of return to the territory, the licence is suspended until the person's return to the United Kingdom; if the person was not released on licence at that time, subsections (5) to (8) apply in relation to the person (“the offender”). The offender is liable to be detained, on return to the United Kingdom, in any place in which the offender could have been detained pursuant to the sentence before the time of return to the territory. A constable or immigration officer may— take the offender into custody, and convey the offender to the place mentioned in subsection (5). The offender must be released on licence within the period of 5 days beginning when the offender is taken (or retaken) into custody under this section. In calculating a period of 5 days for the purposes of subsection (7) no account is to be taken of any day mentioned in any of paragraphs (a) to (d) of section 59(10). The powers conferred on a constable by subsection (6) are exercisable in any part of the United