does occur and grow, everyone in your premises is able to escape to a place of total safety easily and quickly. The risk assessment that you must carry out will help you ensure that your fire safety procedures, fire prevention measures, and fire precautions (plans, systems and equipment) are all in place and working properly, and the risk assessment should identify any issues that need attention. Further information on managing fire safety is available in Part 2 on page 39. WHAT IS A FIRE RISK ASSESSMENT? A fire risk assessment is an organised and methodical look at your premises, the activities carried on there and the likelihood that a fire could start and cause harm to those in and around the premises. The aims of the fire risk assessment are: • To identify the fire hazards. • To reduce the risk of those hazards causing harm to as low as reasonably practicable. • To decide what physical fire precautions and management arrangements are necessary to ensure the safety of people in your premises if a fire does start. The term Ôwhere necessaryÕ (see Glossary) is used in the Order,1 therefore when deciding what fire precautions and management arrangements are necessary you will need to take account of this definition. The terms ÔhazardÕ and ÔriskÕ are used throughout this guide and it is important that you have a clear understanding of how these should be used. • Hazard: anything that has the potential to cause harm. • Risk: the chance of that harm occurring. If your organisation employs five or more people, or your premises are licensed or an alterations notice requiring it is in force, then the significant findings of the fire risk assessment, the actions to be taken as a result of the assessment and details of anyone especially at risk must be recorded. You will probably find it helpful to keep a record of the significant findings of your fire risk assessment even if you are not required to do so. HOW DO YOU CARRY OUT A FIRE RISK ASSESSMENT? A fire risk assessment will help you determine the chances of a fire starting and the dangers from fire that your premises present for the people who use them and any person in the immediate vicinity. The assessment method suggested in this guide shares the same approach as that used in general health and safety legislation and can be carried out either as part of a more general risk assessment or as a separate exercise. As you move through the steps there are checklists to help you. Before you start your fire risk assessment, take time to prepare, and read through the rest of Part 1 of this guide. Much of the information for your fire risk assessment will come from the knowledge your employees, colleagues and representatives have of the premises, as well as information given to you by people who have responsibility for other parts of the building. A tour of your premises will probably be