the security and well-being of citizens. There is an urgent need to have a digitally and data enabled local and national government. To leverage the opportunities of AI in the public sector, there will need to be new ways of ensuring that data can be accessed and evaluated across public sector organisations. The government should ensure there is a central place for civil servants to access information about all of the AI-based tools and projects being undertaken across departments. AI should be used in projects that are outcome-based and only where absolutely appropriate, and departments should learn rapidly from each other about what works well and what needs to evolve. In time, the focus should be on linking public sector data with private sector data, rapidly enhancing the insights that can be gained through diverse datasets and a more sophisticated adoption of AI.35 Government should fund interdisciplinary pathfinder projects Ð requiring collaboration between industries and across government departments, with different academic disciplines Ð as a means of demonstrating the potential of AI technologies to support pathfinder projects and building capability in the civil service to deliver such projects. Importantly, the application of AI in the public sector should not fall explicitly on one department to lead. It may be that a Chief Information Officer embedded in the heart of government would work well to provide the strategic direction and leadership required for such a multi- stakeholder task. The huge benefits of data sharing will be worth little unless government departments are enabled to intelligently procure products that suit different contexts and services. More work is needed to demystify algorithmic decision making in government, with training programs for officials so they can suitably assess AI systems for themselves and see how it would be deployed as part of an increasingly efficient civil service. The ONS is working towards a target of 500 NATIONAL, CROSS-SECTOR ADOPTION 31 data analysts across government trained in data science techniques this year,36 and to enable a more thorough upskilling of AI and machine learning analysis, work should intertwine with the Turing, the Royal Society, the Royal Statistical Society and others in determining how data science and AI practitioners may be professionally standardised. Public sector bodies wishing to adopt AI often face challenges in building procurement capability. Governments have tried to enable public procurement to better support innovative goods and services, while ensuring value for money and relatively low risk. This government should continue to build on initiatives that have worked, such as GovTech and the guidelines for AI procurement,37 to allow the public sector to effectively purchase emerging tech such as AI. Greater AI adoption in the public sector through public sector procurement creates markets for data science and AI technologies to be developed, tested and deployed by government departments, to enable a pull-through of innovation from research, often via SMEs. It is important to note that evidence shows the human rights of the poorest and most vulnerable are especially at risk when public services are