fallen below the standards of professional behaviour expected. (See Police Staff Code of Conduct Policy for more detail). Table of Contents Police Code of Ethics - that normally result in disciplinary action may include: • Absence from work without required authorisation or regard to the appropriate procedures • Failure to attend punctually or regularly • Failure to comply with a lawful and reasonable instruction of a supervisor • Substantial complaints in respect of behaviour at work, rudeness or attitude towards other members of staff, visitors, members of the public • Breaches of the Social Media, Acceptable use of Force Systems and/or the Acceptable use of email, the internet and fixed and mobile phones policies. • Lack of application to duties • Failure to comply with sickness reporting procedures • Negligence in standards of work • Failure to comply with Wiltshire PoliceÕs Financial Regulations e.g. expense claims • Failure to comply with Standard of Dress Procedure and failure to wear uniforms where required • Failure to comply with the Smoke Free Procedure • Other failure to meet the Police Staff Code of Conduct The level of disciplinary action will however, depend on the nature and extent of the offence. There may be occasions when the level of offence would constitute a serious offence/gross misconduct leading to dismissal. The repeated commission of single offences or commission of multiple offences may also lead to dismissal. This list is not exclusive or exhaustive and does not indicate any limitation upon managementÕs right to exercise discretion in individual cases. Gross misconduct is regarded as misconduct of such a nature that it fundamentally breaches the contract between the employee and employer and justifies management no longer accepting the continued presence of the employee at work. Examples of gross misconduct are: • Unwelcome sexual contact • Unfair discrimination or harassment of an employee, potential employee or person in respect of whom Wiltshire Police has responsibilities for on the grounds of gender, transgender, marital or civil partnership status, racial group, sexual orientation, religion or belief, disability or age. • Serious breach of health & safety rules and procedures • Serious breach of the OrganisationÕs Social Media, Acceptable use of Force Systems and/or the Acceptable use of email, the internet and fixed and mobile phones policies. • Fighting • Physical assault, abusive behaviour • Drug or alcohol related offences (including positive samples in relation to the Substance Misuse Policy & Procedure) • Theft or fraud • Deliberate misuse of information held by the Force and/or deliberate interference with computerised information • • Malicious and deliberate damage to the property of the Police Authority • Deliberate misuse of information held by the Organisation and/or deliberate interference with computerised information • Malicious and deliberate damage to the property of the Police Authority • Deliberate and serious breach of confidentiality • Wilful disregard of duties and failure to comply with lawful and reasonable instructions relating to the employment • Deliberate falsification of records e.g. timesheets, expense claims, self certification of sickness forms