damage for which the lower (14 year) maximum sentence is available CPS costs: • The estimated CPS costs consist of two broad categories, advocacy costs and Activity Based Costings ¥ (ABC).The primary purpose of the ABC model is resource distribution, and has several limitations (see risks). The CPS ABC Crown court cost per • The key limitation of the ABC model is that it is built purely on staff time and excludes accommodalion and other ancillary costs (e.g. those associated with complex cases and witness care). It also relies on several assumptions. This could case is a weiqhted average for a mean there is a risk that costs are Assumption Crown Court (across timeous guilty pleas, late guilty pleas, guilty/not guilty contests, dropped prosecutions and write offs), and inclusive of a pre? charge decision). The CPS advocacy costs were estimated by considering the advocacy costs for Category A (Homicide and related grave offences). The total ABC and advocacy costs are estimated as £17,500 (in 201213 prices and rounded to the nearest £100). Source: MoJ internal analysis based on CPS advice, 2013. HMCTS costs: Crown Courts Costs The estimated Crown court cost for indictable only offences is £2,500. Timings data for types of case (eg, indictable only, triable either way) were applied to Crown court costs per sitting day. This was added to the cost of the initial hearing in the Magistrates, as all criminal cases start in the Magistrates courts. Crown Court cost is £1,600 per sitting day in 2012113 prices, assuming a sitting day is 5 hours Source: The HMCTS costs are based on average judicial and staff costs, found at HMCTS Annual Report and Accounts 2012- 2013 Risks/Limitations underestimated. For further informati"on about how CPS ABC costs are calculated please see the following CPS guidance (CPS, 2012): http://www.cps.gov.uk/publications/fin ance/abc_guide.pdf. Timings data for types of cases: • The average time figures which provide the information for the timings do not include any down time. This would lead to an underestimate in the court costing. • Timings do not take into account associated admin time related with listing a case for court hearings. This could mean that costings are an underestimate. • The data which informed the timings data excludes cases where a bench warrant was issued, no plea • recorded, indictment to lie on file, found unfit tci plead, and other results. • Committals for sentence exclude committals after breach, 'bring backs' and deferred sentences. HMCTS average costs per sitting day: • HMCTS court costs used may be an underestimate as they include only judicial and staff costs. Other key costs which inevitably impact on the cost ,of additional cases in the courts have not been considered; for example juror costs. • - -------- _J Legal Aid costs: We assume 100% eligibility for cases in the ¥ There is a risk that variance in the Crown Court. Legal Aid eligibility rate assumed for The average legal aid cost for Category A cases in the magistrates' courts _(f:iomicide and related:,irave_o_ff_e_n_ce_s_,)'--i_n_t_h_e