parental leave or cancel a request for leave; • request that a continuous period of leave become discontinuous periods of leave; or • request that discontinuous periods of leave become a continuous period of leave. 7.12 Limit on number of requests for leave You can provide a combined total of up to three periods of leave notices or variations of period of leave notices per pregnancy, although the organisation may waive this limit in some circumstances. 7.13 Continuous period of shared parental leave If you submit a period of leave notice requesting one continuous period of leave, you will be entitled to take that period of leave. 7.14 Discontinuous periods of shared parental leave You may submit a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave. For example, you could both request a pattern of leave from your respective employers that allows them to alternate childcare responsibilities. If you submit a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave, the organisation, in the two weeks beginning with the date the period of leave notice was given, can: • consent to the pattern of leave requested; • propose an alternative pattern of leave; or • refuse the pattern of leave requested. If agreement is reached within those two weeks, you are entitled to take the leave on the dates agreed. If no agreement has been reached within that two-week discussion period, you are entitled to take the leave as one continuous period of leave. In that event, you must choose a start date for the leave that is at least eight weeks from the date on which the period of leave notice was originally given. You must notify the organisation of that date within five days of the end of the two-week discussion period. If you do not choose a start date within five days of the end of the two-week discussion period, the period of continuous leave will start on the date of the first period of leave requested in the period of leave notice. Alternatively, if your request is refused or no agreement has been reached during the two-week discussion period, you may withdraw a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave. You can withdraw a period of leave notice at any time on or before the 15th day after the period of leave notice was given. A notice for discontinuous leave that has been withdrawn before it is agreed does not count towards the total number of requests for leave that an individual can make. 7.15 Amount of shared parental pay available Wiltshire Police are offering both occupational and statutory shared parental pay for eligible parents to share between them while on shared parental leave. The number of weeks' pay available to the parents will depend on how much maternity pay or maternity allowance the mother has been paid when her maternity leave or pay period ends. A total of 39 weeks' statutory maternity pay or maternity allowance is available. As there is a