outstanding changes Liability for acts of the Director General [F6047A(1) A person holding office as the Director General has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the exercise of the Director General's functions unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in good faith. (2) The Office is liable in respect of unlawful conduct of the Director General in the carrying out, or purported carrying out, of the Director General's functions in the same way as an employer is liable in respect of any unlawful conduct of employees in the course of their employment. (3) Accordingly, the Office is to be treated, in the case of any such unlawful conduct which is a tort, as a joint tortfeasor.] Liability for acts of seconded staff 8 (1) The [F605Office] shall be liable in respect of unlawful conduct of seconded constables in the carrying out, or purported carrying out, of their functions as members of the [F606Office's] staff in the like manner as an employer is liable in respect of any unlawful conduct of his employees in the course of their employment. (2) Accordingly, the [F605Office] shall be treated in the case of any such unlawful conduct which is a tort, as a joint tortfeasor. (3) In this paragraph Òseconded constablesÓ means persons serving as members of the [F606Office's] staff without being employed by it. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 Ð The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 163 Power F607... to set up regional offices [F6089 (1) The Office may set up regional offices in places in England and Wales. (2) But the power under sub-paragraph (1) is exercisable only by the Director General acting on behalf of the Office (subject to the power in paragraph 6A(1)). (3) The power under sub-paragraph (1) may be exercisedÑ (a) only with the consent of the Secretary of State, and (b) only if it appears to the Director General necessary to do so for the purpose of ensuring that the functions of the Director General, or those of the Office, are carried out efficiently and effectively.] Proceedings 10 (1) The arrangements for the proceedings of the [F609Office] (including the quorum for meetings and the establishment of committees) shall be such as the [F609Office] may determine. [F610(1A) But the arrangements must include provision forÑ (a) the quorum for meetings to be met only if a majority of members present are non-executive members of the Office, and (b) an audit committee of the Office to be established to perform such monitoring,