sometimes it is necessary for interpretation to be arranged, and prior notice will be given to the Welsh Language Unit to make necessary provisions. Right 2: To have the details of the crime recorded without unjustified delay 2.1 You have the Right to have details of the crime recorded by the police without unjustified delay after the incident. When you report an incident, you will be asked to provide details about the crime. 2.2 If you are asked to make a witness statement, the police will explain to you that this may result in you needing to give evidence at court, if the case goes to trial. 2.3 If you are asked to be interviewed, any interview should take place without unjustified delay, the number of interviews should be kept to a minimum and where possible be conducted by the same person. The police must take any steps necessary to ensure that you (and your family) do not have unnecessary contact with the suspect. 2.4 The police must consider whether you would benefit from additional support, for example, the assistance of an interpreter, and that any interview is carried out by or through professionals trained for that purpose. They must also seek to ensure that it takes place in premises designed or adapted for the purpose. If this is not possible, the police will tell you why. 2.5 You also have the Right to request to bring a person of your choice to the interview. If this is not possible, the police will tell you why. 2.6 If the police or the Crown Prosecution Service believe that the quality of your evidence may be adversely affected by a vulnerability, they must consider whether you are eligible for support from a Registered Intermediary (see Right 4) and make any other reasonable adjustments based on your needs. 2.7 If a medical examination is required for the purposes of the criminal proceedings, these must be kept to a minimum and are subject to your consent. 2.8 If you are a victim of sexual violence, gender-based violence or domestic abuse, you have the Right to request that the police officer conducting the interview is of a gender of your choice. The police must meet your request unless doing so would prejudice the fairness of the proceedings. If this happens, the police will tell you why. 2.9 If you are considered vulnerable, for example under 18 years of age or intimidated (see Enhanced Rights on Page 10 of this Code), the police will ask you, or your parent/guardian, if you would like your police interview to be video recorded to make it easier for you to tell them what happened. This may be presented as your evidence in court. You may also be able to have your court cross- examination evidence pre-recorded at a time earlier and separate to the trial. The police will discuss this option with you. If you do want to give your evidence at the trial, if eligible, a court may