of Hypo allergic Tape 1 x 500 ml Bottle of Sterile Eye Wash Resuscitation Equipment in Green First Aid Bag 1 x Bag Valve Mask Ð Adult (only trained medical practitioners to use) 1 x Bag Valve Mask Ð Infant (only trained medical practitioners to use) 1 x Set Oropharyngeal Airways (range of sizes) Resuscitation Equipment in Medical Room 1 x Defibrillator Suicide Kit 1 x Red Suicide Kit Bag 1 x Suction Equipment 1 x Ligature Knife (all Custody Staff also have personal issue ligature knives) 1 x Resuscitation Mask with One Way Valve 2 x Extra Large Sterile Wound Dressings 3 x Pairs of Non Latex Gloves Travelling First Aid Kits Employees who regularly travel, remote or lone work away from their workplace should be supplied with a travel first aid kit. The HSE guidance on the contents of a minimum first aid kit are: • first aid guidance leaflet • 6 individually wrapped sterile plasters • 2 triangular bandages • 2 safety pins • 1 large sterile dressing • Individually wrapped moist cleaning wipes • 1 pair of disposable hypoallergenic gloves First Aid Containers Purchase and Replenishment of First Aid Containers All purchases of first aid equipment and containers must be made from approved Force suppliers. Purchases, replacement or replenishment items of first aid equipment must be ordered and managed using the normal requisitioning procedure through the Force Buying Co-ordinators. First Aid Rooms A suitable first aid room will be available where the assessment of first aid needs identifies this as necessary. It is also good practice to ensure a first aid room is identified for all new build projects within the Force. The first aid room should contain essential first aid facilities and equipment and be readily accessible to stretchers. The room should be exclusively used for first aid, occupational health provisions or breast feeding mothers. Refer to the Health and Safety (First Aid) Regulations for guidance on examples of facilities and equipment which should be provided. In summary, to be effective the first aid room must: • Be equipped with a couch, desk, chair and telephone. • Be suitably lit and ventillated. • Contain a sink and hot and cold running water. • Contain soap and paper towels. • Contain a foot operated waste container. • Contain a store for first aid materials etc. Provision of information to Employees First aid notices will be clearly displayed in appropriate locations in all Wiltshire Police workplaces. The notices will detail the local first aid arrangements and location of first aid personnel, facilities and equipment. All police staff will be informed of the ForceÕs first aid arrangements via the police staff induction course. Local arrangements will be discussed by line managers as part of the local induction at their designated place of work. All police officers and special constables will be informed of the ForceÕs first aid arrangements as part of their probationary training. Local arrangements will be discussed by line managers as part of the local induction