date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) The regulations may include provision as to the amount, or maximum amount, of a fee or component of a fee. (5) In this sectionÑ Òapproved courseÓ means a course approved (whether before or after this section comes into force) by a body specified in regulations under subsection (6); Òfixed penalty offenceÓ means an offence that is a fixed penalty offence for the purposes of Part 3 (see section 51); Òpolicing bodyÓ meansÑ (a) a local policing body, or (b) the British Transport Police Authority; Òpromoting road safetyÓ includes the prevention, detection or enforcement of offences relating to vehicles; ÒprosecutionÓ, in relation to an offence, includes any alternative way of being dealt with for the offence (other than attending an approved course); Òspecified fixed penalty offenceÓ means an offence specified under subsection (6). (6) The Secretary of State may by regulationsÑ (a) specify fixed penalty offences for the purposes of this section; (b) specify a body to approve courses for the purposes of this section. (7) Nothing in this section limits any power to charge fees apart from this section. 90H Power to prevent courses being offered for repeat offences: England and Wales (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations prohibit a chief officer from offering an approved course to a person as an alternative to prosecution in England and Wales for a specified fixed penalty offence whereÑ (a) there is a course fee, and (b) the person has, within a period specified in the regulations, satisfactorily completed a similar approved course in respect of an earlier specified fixed penalty offence. (2) The regulations must include provision for the purpose of identifying what counts as a ÒsimilarÓ course; and that provision may, in particular, confer power on a person to determine what courses count as similar. (3) In this section Òchief officerÓ meansÑ (a) a chief officer of police of a police force in England and Wales, or (b) the Chief Constable of the British Transport Police Force. (4) In this section the following terms have the meaning given by section 90G(5)Ñ Òapproved courseÓ; ÒprosecutionÓ; Òspecified fixed penalty offenceÓ. 106 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4B Ð Courses offered as alternative to prosecution CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 90I Further provision about regulations under this Part (1) A power to make regulations under this Part is exercisable by statutory instrument. (2) A