in cases of violence or risk of harm (1) An injunction under section 1 may have the effect of excluding the respondent from the place where he or she normally lives (Òthe premisesÓ) only ifÑ (a) the respondent is aged 18 or over, (b) the injunction is granted on the application ofÑ (i) a local authority, (ii) the chief officer of police for the police area that the premises are in, or (iii) if the premises are owned or managed by a housing provider, that housing provider, and (c) the court thinks thatÑ (i) the anti-social behaviour in which the respondent has engaged or threatens to engage consists of or includes the use or threatened use of violence against other persons, or (ii) there is a significant risk of harm to other persons from the respondent. (2) For the purposes of this section a housing provider owns a place ifÑ (a) the housing provider is a person (other than a mortgagee not in possession) entitled to dispose of the fee simple of the place, whether in possession or in reversion, or (b) the housing provider is a person who holds or is entitled to the rents and profits of the place under a lease that (when granted) was for a term of not less then 3 years. Supplemental 14 Requirements to consult etc (1) A person applying for an injunction under section 1 must before doing soÑ (a) consult the local youth offending team about the application, if the respondent will be aged under 18 when the application is made; (b) inform any other body or individual the applicant thinks appropriate of the application. This subsection does not apply to a without-notice application. (2) Where the court adjourns a without-notice application, before the date of the first on- notice hearing the applicant mustÑ (a) consult the local youth offending team about the application, if the respondent will be aged under 18 on that date; (b) inform any other body or individual the applicant thinks appropriate of the application. (a) 10 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) A person applying for variation or discharge of an injunction under section 1 granted on that person's application must before doing soÑ (a) consult the local youth offending team about the application for variation or discharge, if the respondent will be aged under 18 when that application is made; (b) inform any other body or individual the applicant thinks appropriate of that application. (4) In this sectionÑ Òlocal