terms during response, multi-agency coordination is routinely configured around local resilience partnerships. These may be established to determine the appropriate management structures and strategy for the local inter-agency response. Scottish ministers may open the Scottish Government Resilience Room (SGoRR), which gathers and disseminates information, coordinates activity, provides appropriate guidance and supports the Scottish response to emergencies. It provides a national picture of the impact of the emergency, which, in turn, can be used to advise and inform decisions on the strategic management of the situation for the Scottish and UK governments. For further information see Scottish government civil emergencies website. Northern Ireland The Northern Ireland Office has responsibility for national security matters. It maintains crisis management arrangements to govern the strategic response to such emergencies. Civil protection in Northern Ireland is largely a devolved matter, with functions being exercised by the Northern Ireland departments. Some functions are not devolved and are delivered in Northern Ireland by bodies that fall within the remit of the UK government. The Civil Contingencies Policy Branch in the Executive Office promotes civil contingencies preparedness in Northern Ireland. It maintains arrangements for strategic crisis management in serious and catastrophic emergencies. The Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework has been published by the Executive Office (2023). Sub-regional and local coordination is achieved by a variety of arrangements, including those involving the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and the district councils. The PSNI is a Category 1 responder. Some Category 1 and 2 responders in Northern Ireland are subject to Part 1 of the CCA and its regulations, and guidance issued by UK ministers including the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, and telecommunications providers. Arrangements are in place to ensure information exchange and coordination in the event of emergencies that cross the border with the Republic of Ireland. Back to Civil contingencies overview Tags Civil emergencies Disability rights Overview As a disabled person, you have rights to protect you from discrimination. These rights cover most areas including: employment education dealing with the police The Equality Act 2010 and the United Nations (UN) Convention on disability rights (https://www.un.org /development/desa/disabilities/convention-on-the-rights-of- persons-with-disabilities/convention-on-the-rights-of-persons-with-disabilities-2.html) help to enforce, protect and promote your rights. Next Employment (/rights-disabled-person/employment) View a printable version of the whole guide (/rights-disabled-person/print) All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Home Working , jobs and pensions Redundancies, dismissals and disciplinaries Disciplinary procedures and action against you at work Overview Your employer could start formal disciplinary action against you if they have concerns about your work, conduct or absence. Before taking formal disciplinary action or dismissing you, your employer may try to raise the matter informally with you. However, they can go straight to their formal disciplinary or dismissal procedures. Disciplinary procedures are a set way for an employer to deal with disciplinary issues. They should include a disciplinary hearing where you’re given a chance to explain your side of the story. There should also be a chance to appeal any disciplinary action your