joint investigation team that is led by a member of the Police Service of Northern Ireland; and is carrying out his functions as a member of that team. In this section “international joint investigation team” means any investigation team formed in accordance with— any framework decision on joint investigation teams adopted under Article 34 of the Treaty on European Union; the Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters between the Member States of the European Union, and the Protocol to that Convention, established in accordance with that Article of that Treaty; or any international agreement to which the United Kingdom is a party and which is specified for the purposes of this section in an order made by the Secretary of State. A statutory instrument containing an order under subsection (6) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” 148 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 7 – Supplemental Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Part 7 Supplemental Powers of Secretary of State to make orders and regulations Every power conferred by this Act on the Secretary of State to make orders or regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument. A statutory instrument containing an order or regulations made in exercise of any such power, other than an order to which subsection (3) applies, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. This subsection applies to— any order under section 9(7) or 108; and [F544any order or regulations that are] required to be approved in draft by virtue of section 19(3), [F54538(9C),]F546... [F547or 41B]F548... F549... [F550or paragraph 9A(2) of Schedule 5]. Every power of the Secretary of State to make an order or regulations under this Act, other than an order under section 9(7) or 108, shall include power— to make different provision for different cases; to make provision subject to such exemptions and exceptions as the Secretary of State thinks fit; and to make such incidental, supplemental, consequential and transitional provision as the Secretary of State thinks fit. Every power of the Secretary of State to make provision by regulations under Part 2 [F551or 2B] shall include power to make provision for any of the matters that may be provided for to be determined, in accordance with the regulations, by the [F552Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct]. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 7 – Supplemental Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of