Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 189 determine that the manager of the aerodrome is obliged to provide specified accommodation and facilities for use in connection with the policing provided for the aerodrome; make an order as to costs. Where the dispute is within section 29A(2)(c), the Secretary of State may— make a declaration as to how any term of the police services agreement is to be construed; make a declaration as to how any term of the agreement is to be, or ought to have been, operated; make a declaration varying the agreement; determine that the manager of the aerodrome is obliged to pay to the police authority for the relevant police area a specified sum or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner; determine that the police authority for the relevant police area is obliged to pay to the manager of the aerodrome a specified sum or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner; determine that the manager of the aerodrome is obliged to provide specified accommodation and facilities for use in connection with the policing provided for the aerodrome; make an order as to costs. Where the dispute is within section 29A(2)(d), the Secretary of State may— determine that the manager of the aerodrome is obliged to pay to the police authority for the relevant police area a specified sum or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner; determine that the police authority for the relevant police area is obliged to pay to the manager of the aerodrome a specified sum or a sum to be assessed in a specified manner; determine that the manager of the aerodrome is obliged to provide specified accommodation and facilities for use in connection with the policing provided for the aerodrome; make an order as to costs. In this section, “costs” means— the legal or other costs incurred by the Secretary of State (including costs attributable to the work of officials of the Secretary of State), and the legal or other costs incurred by any of the relevant persons. 29E Dispute resolution: appeals and enforcement etc. A relevant person may appeal to the High Court against— any requirement imposed on the person under section 29B(3), or any declaration, determination or order of the Secretary of State under section 29D. Any requirement imposed under section 29B(3) or 29C(7), and any declaration, determination or order made under section 29D may, with the permission of the High Court,