b) The remoteness or otherwise of the premises, and the potential response to calls for assistance, either by police or neighbours; c) The manner in which the property is overlooked and/or illuminated. These levels of natural surveillance afford the property a degree of protection; d) The amount of time during which the property is occupied or left unoccupied; e) The location of storage points within the property and, where appropriate, the distribution of firearms within each secure point; f) The attractiveness of the type of firearms to criminals. For example, modern multi-shot handguns may be more attractive to criminals than most other types of gun; g) The number of firearms held; and h) Whether it is generally known that firearms are stored on the premises. 158 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law The certification procedure 18.9 Security questions will be a key consideration when applications are made for the grant of a firearm or shot gun certificate. At such times the applicant will be seeking advice about the best security arrangements and this will provide a valuable opportunity to provide advice in the light of the circumstances prevailing at the time. If there is any doubt about the adequacy of security the chief officer of police may take this into account before issuing a certificate. 18.10 Renewals or variations of firearm certificates, or the renewal of a shot gun certificate, provide further opportunities to assess security and safety. In practice there is unlikely to be a need for significant change if the recommendations were accepted and implemented, and there has been no subsequent change in circumstances. Unannounced Home Visits 18.11 Where it is judged necessary, based on specific intelligence in light of a particular threat, or risk of harm, the police should undertake an unannounced home visit to check the security of a certificate holderÕs firearms and shot guns. It is not expected that the police will undertake an unannounced home visit at an unsocial hour unless there is a justified and specific requirement to do so on the grounds of crime prevention or public safety concerns and the police judge that this action is both justified and proportionate. 18.12 Paragraph 22.3 of this guidance sets out the power of entry, subject to warrant, available to the police. While this is an important power, it should not be necessary to use in all cases where inspections/home visits are required as such enquiries or inspections may be carried out with the certificate holderÕs consent. It is expected that responsible certificate holders will co-operate with reasonable requests to inspect security arrangements or other aspects of suitability, and failure to do so may be taken into account when police consider suitability to possess the firearms. To mitigate any misunderstanding on the part of the certificate holder the police must provide a clear and reasoned explanation to the certificate holder at the time of the visit. Applying this guide 18.13 This guide should be applied with full regard to the individual circumstances and the type