(previously Safe and Well Checks) are conducted with returned children in order to build relationships with them and to identify, where possible, the reasons for their missing episode. Particular attention will be given to those who regularly go missing, with a view to reducing or eliminating future missing episodes, to identify those at risk of Exploitation, and to provide additional support to them and their families. Expectations Legal Duty The European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) places a positive obligation on police officers to take reasonable actions, within their powers, to safeguard the rights of individuals who may be at risk. The ECHR articles that may be relevant to missing persons are: • Article 2 Ð Right to life • Article 3 Ð Right not to be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment • Article 4 Ð Right to prohibition of slavery and forced labour • Article 8 Ð Right to respect for private and family life • Article 10 Ð Freedom of expression, including freedom to receive information Joint and Strategic Responsibility Following a person being classified as missing, as per the definition, the police will initiate a missing person investigation. Those involved in the care of children and vulnerable adults also have a safeguarding duty and responsibility, and may hold vital information that could help to locate the missing person. Parents, carers, and staff acting in a parenting role in care homes, can be expected to undertake reasonable actions to try and establish the whereabouts of the individual. Children who are breaching parental discipline should not be dealt with by police unless there are other risks. Parents may need police support if they are very distressed, incapacitated, or otherwise unable to undertake enquiries. In such circumstances, it may be appropriate to make a referral to the local authority to ensure all caring needs of the child are being met. Individuals whose whereabouts are known will not be considered as missing but may require other police activity in order to ensure their welfare. At the point of a person being reported as missing, all agencies will: • Share information in a timely and lawful manner • Base decisions and actions on the risk assessment made • Make referrals to appropriate agencies • Work jointly to share information and intelligence An individual should be referred to social care when there is concern that the person requires extra help from social services, beyond those services routinely available to the general public. Where there is concern about an individualÕs welfare, a referral via a Public Protection Notice (PPN) will be made, ensuring a multi-agency assessment takes place. Roles and Responsibilities Strategic Lead for Missing Head of PPD Tactical Lead for Missing Detective Inspector of the Sentinel Team Missing Detective Inspector A Detective Inspector will carry out reviews of missing persons as per the review timetable. The purpose of each review will be to quality assure the investigation, review the level of risk, ensure outstanding actions are being completed and