on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 2009 CHAPTER 11 An Act to provide for customs functions to be exercisable by the Secretary of State, the Director of Border Revenue and officials designated by them; to make provision about the use and disclosure of customs information; to make provision for and in connection with the exercise of customs functions and functions relating to immigration, asylum or nationality; to make provision about citizenship and other nationality matters; to make further provision about immigration and asylum; and for connected purposes. [21st July 2009] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:Ñ PART 1 BORDER FUNCTIONS General customs functions of the Secretary of State 1 General customs functions of the Secretary of State (1) The functions of the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs that are exercisable in relation to general customs matters are exercisable by the Secretary of State concurrently with the Commissioners. (2) For the purposes of this Part, a Ògeneral customs matterÓ is a matter in relation to which the Commissioners, or officers of Revenue and Customs, have functions, other thanÑ (a) a matter listed in Schedule 1 to the Commissioners for Revenue and Customs Act 2005 (c. 11), (b) any tax, duty or levy not mentioned in that Schedule, (c) a matter in respect of which functions were transferred to the Commissioners from the Paymaster General under the Transfer of Functions (Office of Her Majesty's Paymaster General) Order 2006 (S.I. 2006/607), (d) the subject matter of [F1Directive 2015/849/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering or terrorist financing] (as amended from time to time), and (e) the subject matter of [F2Regulation (EU) 2015/847 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20th May 2015 on information accompanying transfers of funds] (as amended from time to time). (3) If a function is exercisable by the CommissionersÑ (a) in relation to a general customs matter, and (b) in relation to any other matter, the function is exercisable by the Secretary of State in relation to the general customs matter only. (4) So far as is appropriate for the purposes of or in connection with this section, references to the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, or to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, in an enactment, instrument or document to which this section applies are to be construed as including a reference to the Secretary of State. (5) References in this section (other than in subsection (8))Ñ