another part of the premises; b) secure staggered ventilation in an external wall. 62. Ventilation openings should be constructed in the following way: external openings of all ducts or openings should be protected by metal grilles of not less than 2.5mm steel plate, secured into the surrounding walls with non-return fixings or rag bolts not less than 75mm long and 15mm diameter fitted, dependent upon the type of ventilation opening. 63. The course of a ventilation opening must either be: a) in solid walls, ventilation shafts must be staggered upwards or sloped from outside. The inner opening(s) must be protected by the provision of a steel baffle plate of not less than 6mm steel plate mounted so that the plate overlaps its fixing bolts by at least 25mm in each direction. Rag bolts of not less than 20mm diameter must be anchored into the walls at not less than 230mm from each side of the opening. The plate should stand off from the surface of the wall by not more than 50mm. b) cavity walls should be constructed so that the openings in the outside and inside section of the wall are not in direct alignment vertically or horizontally with one another. In this arrangement, the external opening should be placed below the line of the internal opening; c) in an existing cavity wall constructed with a 'straight through' ventilation opening, the inner opening may either be: iii. bricked up, with the brickwork being tied to the surrounds to ensure uniform strength. A new internal opening then being formed to comply with the above; or iv. the provision of an internal steel baffle as specified above and external metal grille. Where vents form part of piped connections in an air conditioning or circulation system which is operated by powered fans or similar electrical arrangements which do not give direct passage between the armoury wall(s) and the outside of the building, then it will be sufficient to provide protection to the immediate point of entry to the armoury. 64. Lighting should be provided to ensure that persons in the armoury can operate safely and securely. Any lighting system must provide sufficient illumination in the armoury to allow for proper supervision. Enclosed fittings must be used in such areas. 65. A system of secondary lighting, to comply with the requirements of BS5266- 2016, must be provided in the event of a power failure. 66. In the event of any person being closed in the armoury, there must be an alarm to give indication that this has occurred. 67. Steel Armoury: the following should be considered with a steel armoury manufactured to the standards of HELA Tech 26/5, where the material is not less than 10mm. 8. 68. As a general principal, such a unit should be protected from the weather. The provision of a weather resistant surround, e.g. timber building, could reduce the necessary maintenance and assist in reducing the internal temperature variations which such metal enclosures generate. 69. The general principles