47(1)(a)(ii) of the Children Act 1989. 70 As inserted by section 73 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. E.3. Emergency Protection Orders (EPO) Under Section 44 of the Children Act 1989 An application for an EPO can be made by anyone Ð including social workers, police, youth workers, advocates or friends of the girl or young woman Ð but in practice it is usually made by local authority childrenÕs social care. An EPO authorises the applicant to remove the girl and keep her in safe accommodation, but this power can only be exercised in order to safeguard the girlÕs welfare. In addition, the EPO operates to require any person in a position to do so to comply with any request to produce the child to the applicant. An EPO may also include directions as to the medical examination of the child (or that such examinations should not take place), although if the child is of sufficient understanding to make an informed decision, she may refuse to submit to such an examination. An EPO lasts for a period not exceeding eight days, but it may be renewed for up to a further seven days. More information on EPOs is available at: www.cafcass.gov.uk/grown- ups/professionals/care.aspx For further information on court orders, refer to The Children Act 1989: court orders (2014). E.4. Care Orders and Supervision Orders Sometimes an EPO is followed by an application from the local authority for a Care Order or Supervision Order (sections 31 and 38 of the Children Act 1989). Without either a Care Order or an Interim Care Order, once the EPO has lapsed, the local authority will no longer have parental responsibility. No care or supervision order may be made with respect to a child who has reached the age of 17 (or 16 if the child is married). When a Care Order or Supervision Order is not available due to the age of the child, childrenÕs social care should be aware of the opportunities presented by an FGM Protection Order or by making a child a ward of court, under the inherent jurisdiction of the High Court. A Ward of Court Order is available up to 18 years old. A child who is the subject of a Care Order cannot be made a ward of court More information on Care Orders and Supervision Orders is available at: www.cafcass.gov.uk/grown-ups/professionals/care.aspx E.5. Inherent Jurisdiction A childrenÕs social care department may ask the High Court to exercise its inherent jurisdiction to protect the child. Any person with a genuine interest in the child, including the child themselves, a private individual or the Children and Family Court Advisory Support Service (CAFCASS/CAFCASS CYMRU) legal services department can apply to have a child made a ward of court. A local authority may only apply for an order under the High CourtÕs inherent jurisdiction if it has permission from the court to do so (under section 100 of the Children Act 1989). Leave to apply may only be granted by the court if it