community council (if any) for the area that includes the restricted area; (b) in the case of an expedited order made by a district council in England, the county council (if any) for the area that includes the restricted area; (c) the owner or occupier of land within the restricted area. (5) The requirement to notify the owner or occupier of land within the restricted areaÑ (a) does not apply to land that is owned or occupied by the local authority; (b) applies only if, and to the extent that, it is reasonably practicable to notify the owner or occupier of the land.Ó (5) Schedule 7 contains amendments relating to subsections (1) to (4). PART 4 UNAUTHORISED ENCAMPMENTS 83 Offence relating to residing on land without consent in or with a vehicle (1) At the beginning of Part 5 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, before the italic heading before section 61, insertÑ ÒResiding on land without consent in or with a vehicle 60C Offence relating to residing on land without consent in or with a vehicle (1) Subsection (2) applies whereÑ (a) a person aged 18 or over (ÒPÓ) is residing, or intending to reside, on land without the consent of the occupier of the land, (b) P has, or intends to have, at least one vehicle with them on the land, (c) one or more of the conditions mentioned in subsection (4) is satisfied, and (d) the occupier, a representative of the occupier or a constable requests P to do either or both of the followingÑ (i) leave the land; (ii) remove from the land property that is in PÕs possession or under PÕs control. (2) P commits an offence ifÑ (1) 96 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4 Ð Unauthorised encampments CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) P fails to comply with the request as soon as reasonably practicable, or (b) PÑ (i) enters (or having left, re-enters) the land within the prohibited period with the intention of residing there without the consent of the occupier of the land, and (ii) has, or intends to have, at least one vehicle with them on the land. (3) The prohibited period is the period of 12 months beginning with the day on which the request was made. (4) The conditions areÑ (a) in a case where P is residing on the land, significant damage or significant disruption has been caused or is likely to be caused as a result of PÕs residence; (b)