section 103B(1). 136ZD Variation of sexual risk order by court in Northern Ireland (1) This section applies where a sexual risk order has been made in respect of a person who nowÑ (a) is residing in Northern Ireland, or (b) is in or is intending to come to Northern Ireland. (2) An application may be made to the appropriate court in Northern IrelandÑ (a) by the defendant, or (b) by the Chief Constable, for an order varying the sexual risk order. (3) Subject to subsections (4) and (5), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and the other person mentioned in subsection (2) (if that person wishes to be heard), may make any order varying the sexual risk order that the court considers appropriate. (4) An order may be varied so as to impose additional prohibitions on the defendant only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public in Northern Ireland, or any particular members of the public in Northern Ireland, from harm from the defendant, or (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 209 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (5) An order as varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions as are necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (6) The defendant may appeal against the making of an order under this section, or the refusal to make such an order, to a county court in Northern Ireland. (7) On an appeal under subsection (6), the county court may make such orders as may be necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal, and may also make such incidental or consequential orders as appear to it to be just. (8) In this sectionÑ Òthe appropriate courtÓ meansÑ (a) where the defendant is aged 18 or over, any court of summary jurisdiction in Northern Ireland; (b) where the defendant is aged under 18, any youth court in Northern Ireland; Òthe Chief ConstableÓ means the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland; ÒharmÓ, ÒchildÓ and Òvulnerable adultÓ each has the meaning