harm to the public. 11.10 If the Parole Board decides it is safe to release an offender the decision is provisional for 2149 calendar days in the majority of cases (except standard determinate recalls50). The Secretary of State may ask the Parole Board to reconsider the decision during this period, if he has an arguable case that: ? the correct process was not followed in the review of the offender for parole - for example, important evidence was not taken into account; or ? the decision was irrational - the decision cannot be justified based on the evidence of risk that was considered. As a victim, you may submit a request to the Secretary of State asking that an application for reconsideration is made, if you believe that the decision meets either of these tests. Your request must be submitted within the 21-day provisional window. The Secretary of State will only do so where there is evidence the criteria is met. You will receive a letter informing you of whether the Secretary of State makes an application for reconsideration or not. Sexual Offender Notification Requirements Review Process 11.11 Registered sex offenders are subject to Ônotification requirementsÕ. This means they must tell the police about some of their personal details. The notification requirements are an automatic consequence of a conviction or caution, for a Schedule 3 offence under the Sexual Offences Act 2003, but the length of time an offender will be subject to the requirements will vary dependent upon the sentence they are given. A breach of the notification requirements is a criminal offence and is punishable by up to five years imprisonment. 11.12 Offenders who are subject to notification requirements for life can apply to have this reviewed after a set period of time following their first notification, which usually takes place at release from prison. The set period of time is 15 years for adults and 8 years for juveniles. If the offender makes such an application, the police will then carry out a review, including a risk assessment to decide whether the offenderÕs notification requirements may be stopped. Sex offenders who are assessed as still being a risk will remain subject to notification requirements and will do so for life if necessary. 11.13 If you are a victim of an offender who makes such an application, you have the Right to be contacted by the police to provide your views on the application as part their review. Your Victim Liaison Officer will provide you with further information about this process. Foreign National Offenders 11.14 If you have been a victim of a crime committed by a foreign national and the offender: ? has received a prison sentence of 12 months or more, or a hospital order, for an offence against you; 48 https://www.gov.uk/guidance/challenge-a-parole-decision 49 In exceptional circumstance requests can be made to shorten this period, if this happens victims will be informed. 50 A determinate prison sentence is for a fixed length of time. The prisoner will