of what is said, of questions or of their replies. ÔMental disorderÕ is defined in the Mental Health Act 1983, section 1(2) as Ôany disorder or disability of mindÕ. . For Northern Ireland, see article 3 (1) of the Mental Health (NI) Order 1986. Where the person conducting the interview has any doubt about the mental state or capacity of an interviewee, that person should be treated as mentally vulnerable and an appropriate adult should be called. 156. In urgent cases, a person who is not suspected of any unlawful conduct may be prepared to answer questions without the presence of a solicitor and/or qualified accountant. If a person to be interviewed requests access to legal or financial advice before complying with a requirement to be interviewed in a notice served under a disclosure order, the appropriate officer must normally consent and set a reasonable time limit for obtaining such advice. In the exceptional cases set out below, the appropriate officer can refuse such a request depending on the circumstances of the case and the information or material which is being requested. 157. A person who requests legal and/or financial advice may not be interviewed or continue to be interviewed until they have received such advice unless: (a) the person conducting the interview has reasonable grounds for believing that: (i) the consequent delay would be likely to lead to interference with or harm to evidence connected with the investigation; or (ii) the delay would alert another person whom the person conducting the interview thinks might have information relevant to the investigation and alerting that person would prejudice the investigation; (b) a solicitor and/or qualified accountant has been contacted and has agreed to attend but the appropriate officer considers that awaiting their arrival would cause unreasonable delay to the process of investigation; (c) the solicitor and/or qualified accountant whom the person has nominated: (i) cannot be contacted; or (ii) has previously indicated that they do not wish to be contacted; or (iii) having been contacted, has declined to attend and the person being interviewed declines to consult another solicitor and/or qualified accountant; or, (d) the person who wanted legal and/or financial advice changes his or her mind. (e) there is an urgent need to avert serious adverse consequences for the life, liberty or physical integrity of a person; (a) (f) there is an urgent need to prevent the destruction, alteration, interference or harm to evidence connected with the investigation; or (g) the particularly identified solicitor and/or qualified accountant is suspected of being involved in criminality. In these circumstances, the person should be allowed to choose another solicitor and / or qualified accountant to represent them. Such a decision to proceed with the interview should usually be with the authorisation of a senior appropriate officer and recorded in writing. 158. In a case falling within paragraph 1 5 7 (a), once sufficient information has been obtained to avert the risk of interference or harm to evidence or of alerting another person so