• Synthesthesia (sensations may be transposed from one sensory mode into another, e.g. sounds may be interpreted as sights or odours) • Dazed appearance • Poor balance • Distorted time and distance perception • Nausea and sweating • Paranoia • ÔGoose bumpsÕ 6.2 Observed symptoms and signs start within 20 to 60 minutes and last 3 to 12 hours according to the substance taken. 7. Inhalants 7.1 These will include Petrol, Glue, Solvents, Aerosols and Paint. Potential abnormal observations of someone who has recently taken these include: • Smell or residue around the face • Dizziness or light headed • Bloodshot, watery eyes • Confusion • Flushed, sweaty appearance • • Slow, slurred speech (often non-communicative) • Distorted time and distance perception • May complain of intense headache 7.2 Observed symptoms and signs start almost immediately and last from a few seconds to 2 or more hours according to the substance and quantity inhaled. 8. Anabolic Steroids 8.1 Anabolic steroids are misused by athletes and body builders to increase muscle bulk. As well as their anabolic (muscle building) action, they also have androgenic (masculinising) actions. There are no real acute symptoms or signs of taking anabolic steroids, but over a period of time they cause: • Much more rapid weight (muscle) gain than usual • Increased greasiness of skin and hair • Increased spots or ÔacneÕ • An increase in aggressive behaviour 8.2 All of the above are specific to the substance taken and, apart from anabolic steroids, are of limited duration. 8.3 Someone who is regularly misusing alcohol and / or other substances may show typical persistent patterns of behaviour that develop over a period of time. 9. Poor Attendance 9.1 All aspects of attendance tend to be affected including: • Frequent, short term sickness absence, especially in relation to other leave (weekends/rest days, bank holiday, etc.) • Poor time keeping; late in to work, late returning from lunch, late for appointments, early leaving work. • Unexplained absences or disappearing from the workplace. 10. Poor Work Performance 10.1 The main areas of work performance affected by substance misuse are: • Lack of concentration and poor memory • Frequent mistakes and errors of judgement • Unreliability and difficulty meeting deadlines 11. Frequent Accidents 11.1 Substance misusers tend to suffer more accidents than normal, warning signs to look out for are: • Smelling of alcohol or something to disguise the smell of alcohol like mints or strong after-shave/perfume. • • Hand tremor, slurred speech, facial flushing, especially after a weekend or rest day, a prolonged lunch break or unexplained absence from the workplace. • Poor relationships with colleagues, possibly to the avoidance of company altogether. • Always short of money and may attempt to borrow money from colleagues. • Tendency to blame others for shortcomings at work and to over-react to real or imagined criticism. • Moodiness, apathy, depression, irritability. • General neglect of appearance including cleanliness and personal hygiene. 11.2 If an officer / member of staff displays any of