to whom the contractor (i) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 121 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes is providing services, and the local policing body that maintains the police force; (iv) in a case where the recommendation is made to a sub- contractor or an employee of a contractor, to the contractor and the persons to whom a copy must be sent under paragraph (iii); (v) in a case where the recommendation is made to an employee of a sub-contractor, to the sub-contractor, the contractor and the persons to whom a copy must be sent under sub-paragraph (iii); (vi) in any other case, to any person to whom the Commission thinks a copy should be sent. (7) Nothing in this paragraph affects the power of the Commission to make recommendations or give advice under section 10(1)(e) (whether arising under this Schedule or otherwise). Response to recommendation 28B (1) A person to whom a recommendation under paragraph 28A is made must provide to the Commission a response in writing statingÑ (a) what action the person has taken or proposes to take in response to the recommendation, or (b) why the person has not taken, or does not propose to take, any action in response. (2) The person must provide the response to the Commission before the end of the period of 56 days beginning with the day on which the recommendation was made, unless sub-paragraph (3) applies. (3) The Commission may extend the period of 56 days following an application received before the end of the period; and if the Commission grants an extension, the person must provide the response before the end of the extended period. (4) But if proceedings for judicial review of the Commission's decision to make a recommendation are started during the period allowed by sub- paragraph (2) or (3), that period is extended by however many days the proceedings are in progress. (5) On receiving a response, the Commission must, within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the Commission received itÑ (a) publish the response, and (b) send a copy of it to any person who was sent a copy of the recommendation under paragraph 28A(6)(b), unless the person giving the response has made representations under sub- paragraph (6). (6) The person giving the response may, at the time of providing it to the Commission, make representations to the Commission asserting that the requirements of