legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 2022 CHAPTER 32 An Act to make provision about the police and other emergency workers; to make provision about collaboration between authorities to prevent and reduce serious violence; to make provision about offensive weapons homicide reviews; to make provision for new offences and for the modification of existing offences; to make provision about the powers of the police and other authorities for the purposes of preventing, detecting, investigating or prosecuting crime or investigating other matters; to make provision about the maintenance of public order; to make provision about the removal, storage and disposal of vehicles; to make provision in connection with driving offences; to make provision about cautions; to make provision about bail and remand; to make provision about sentencing, detention, release, management and rehabilitation of offenders; to make provision about secure 16 to 19 Academies; to make provision for and in connection with procedures before courts and tribunals; and for connected purposes. [28th April 2022] BE IT ENACTED by the QueenÕs most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:Ñ 2 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 1 Ð Protection of the police etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 1 PROTECTION OF THE POLICE ETC Police covenant report 1 Police covenant report (1) The Secretary of State must in each financial yearÑ (a) prepare a police covenant report, and (b) lay a copy of the report before Parliament. (2) A police covenant report is a report aboutÑ (a) the health and well-being of members and former members of the police workforce, (b) the physical protection of such persons, (c) the support required by members of their families, and (d) any other matter in relation to members or former members of the police workforce, or a particular description of such persons, that the Secretary of State considers appropriate, so far as these matters relate to the fact that the persons concerned are members or former members of the police workforce. (3) In preparing a police covenant report the Secretary of