middle schools where state standards of 1.5-2 academic years are covered in one year instead. A 2013 study found that accelerated math increased feelings of engagement and enjoyment among gifted students, while teaching content that was useful for advanced standardized testing.8 Highlights • Gifted education is implemented in an inconsistent, inequitable manner across school districts and the country generally.1 • Broward County currently provides separate gifted programming for students beginning in elementary school, which harms Òlower abilityÓ students while also not creating noticeable improvements in performance.2,7 • Implementing a top- down Schoolwide Enrichment Model to all schools in BCPS and detracking will enhance education by standardizing strong enrichment practices.5-9 • SEM remedies harms caused by early class separation, builds critical thinking skills, and increases student engagement and test scores.6,11 Implementation Following the Nation Council on Gifted Research and EducationÕs framework for bringing SEM to schools, Broward County should convene a committee of elementary teachers from each of 28 school zones, at least one teacher specializing in gifted and nongifted education for grades 3-5.9 This committee should assess current awareness of SEM methods and document which schools, if any, are already using these enrichment methods in partial or full capacity. Parent-focused sessions, consisting of informational presentations and public forums, will be needed to build support and address any concerns parents may have. Next, a working group of curriculum experts, primarily teachers, will write specific grade-level guidelines for the SEM curriculum. These guidelines could include creating recommended book/activity lists for reading and a monthly schedule of higher grade-level math that should be covered by accelerated programming. This working group would also incorporate input on how students may socioculturally and academically receive specific materials from teachers around the county and present these findings to the school board, whoÕll vote on whether to pass such a policy and begin allocating resources towards it. To pass the policy, potential members of local government to target for endorsement include Dr. Barbara Sharief, an influential figure in local politics and former Mayor of Broward County. She is currently running for State Senate with the endorsement of the entire Florida Education Association, a prominent teacherÕs union.11 Following the example of the Washington DC school districts, certain schools that represent the spectrum of schools by average household income and letter grade should trial SEM.10 The district should appoint a task force, including the county Coordinator of Broward Gifted Services, who will work with school administrators and teachers to tailor their implementation of SEM to their school while ensuring county-wide standards are met. To verify the impact of SEM, data on studentsÕ test scores and measures of classroom engagement, such as attendance and enjoyment, should be tracked over a 3-5 years. After this testing period, the school board and Coordinator of Broward Gifted Services can use these findings to decide whether and how to expand SEM into various elementary schools each year. Works Cited [1] Barshay, Jill. ÒPROOF POINTS: What Research Tells Us about Gifted Education.Ó The Hechinger Report, October