in force, meaning that the total renewal period of a renewed certificate would be 5 years. 10.27 In the event that the application for renewal cannot be determined before the extended certificate expires, police forces may continue to issue a temporary permit to the applicant under section 7 of the Firearms Act 1968 authorising their continued possession of firearms and ammunition to which the expired certificate applies. Section 7 permits issued in these circumstances can allow for the continued possession of the firearms and ammunition that are specified on the applicantÕs expired certificate but not the acquisition or purchase of additional firearms or ammunition. Coterminous certificates 10.28 Section 11 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 allows the life of a shot gun certificate to be reduced so that it expires on the same date as the applicantÕs firearm certificate. A reduced fee is payable so long as the shot gun certificate is renewed and made coterminous at the grant or renewal of a firearm certificate. There is no reduced fee when the applicant is applying for grant or renewal of a shot gun certificate but requests the expiry date to coincide with the firearm certificate expiry date. Replacement and renewal of certificates granted in another police area 10.29 A certificate is renewed by the chief officer of police for the area in which the holder resides (section 28A(1) of the 1968 Act). If applicants are staying only temporarily in a police area and reside elsewhere, they should be referred to the chief officer of police of the area of their usual residence. If an applicant has residences in different police force areas, it is for the individual to decide which force issues their certificate. However, one police force will not normally issue a firearm certificate and another shot gun certificate for the same individual. 81 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 10.30 Resident usually means having accommodation available for use, and not, for example, rented out (Burdett v Joslin, Chief Constable Warwickshire). HM Forces personnel stationed abroad would not normally be issued with a certificate as they are not resident in one particular force area. As above, their parentsÕ or other family address would only be acceptable where it is available for their use. The case of Mills-Owens v Chief Constable of the Hampshire Constabulary (2003) is authority for the proposition that a person can have more than one residence, but residence at any particular home has to be established on the facts of a particular case by evidence. 10.31 Where a certificate holder moves to another police area, the chief officer of police who receives notification of the change of address should send the complete records to the chief officer for the area to which the certificate holder has moved. The chief officer of the force area that the person has moved to should amend the certificate and inspect the security of the new premises. When notification of a change of address to another police area is received, the chief