by Road Ð Section 1 & 2 Firearms & Ammunition Private Individuals 7.1 When carrying firearms etc. in a vehicle, the following steps are considered to accord with the duty to ensure the safe custody of the items. Vehicles Left Unattended 7.2 Whenever possible, the vehicle should not be left unattended for long periods. 7.3 Vehicles containing firearms and left unattended for any length of time should ideally have an immobiliser and/or alarm fitted. For commercial vehicles, such as vans additional locking solutions should be fitted to manufacturerÕs standards. Trackers should be considered by those individuals who regularly move large numbers of guns. 7.4 Where possible, they should be parked in an area that provides natural surveillance 7.5 For preference, the firearms should be stored in the locked boot or other secured load carrying area of the vehicle. They should be out of sight from passers-by. 7.6 In the case of estates, hatchbacks and similar vehicles, the certificate holder should ensure that: a) where fitted, the lid or cover of the load carrying area should be in place, or the firearms are covered and concealed to prevent their identification; b) if the vehicle is to be left unattended for any length of time, the firearm and ammunition should not be stored together; c) where the boot or load carrying area is the most practical place, ammunition should be secured in an appropriate container ideally, but not necessarily, secured to the vehicle; d) where it is practical, the bolt magazine or other operating part should be separated from the firearm and either carried on the person, or kept in a locked container, ideally secured to the vehicle, or concealed elsewhere. 7.7 Where firearms and ammunition are being carried on a journey which involves their being kept away from their usual secure storage, the certificate holder should make arrangements to ensure that they are, so far as is possible, secure. Considerations when firearms are being taken to venues involving overnight or longer accommodation include: a) obtaining accommodation that already provides secure facilities; b) separating and retaining possession of integral parts of the firearm, e.g. the fore-end of a shotgun, bolt of a rifle etc.; a) c) Utilising portable security devices, i.e. security cords etc. Commercially 7.8 If not personally transferred, section 1 firearms and ammunition and section 2 firearms should be consigned for carriage with a reputable carrier. 7.9 Where the operations or journey require re-direction between depots, especially when different vehicles are used, the carrier should operate a system that provides a method of back tracking items in transit. 7.10 The consignor should have a verifiable proof of despatch from the carrier and a recorded proof of final delivery. 7.13 Consignment/delivery confirmation should be by signature of the respective consignor and consignee or their servant/employee. 7.14 Firearms must not be delivered to or left with any third party who is not authorised to be in possession of such firearms. 7.15 The items should be detailed on the consignment note, which should