subject of the order, warrant or notice should seek legal advice or ask the appropriate officer about any doubts or concerns they may have, or for guidance on complying with the order, warrant or notice; • a statement to the effect that disclosure of information about the investigation or falsifying, concealing, destroying or otherwise disposing of, or causing or permitting the falsification, concealment, destruction or disposal of documents which are relevant to the investigation may be an offence under section 342 (offences of prejudicing investigation) punishable by up to five years imprisonment; • the right to apply for a variation or discharge of the order or notice (not applicable in search and seizure warrants). The person should also be informed that if anyone contacts them about the investigation they should report this to the appropriate officer or the appropriate person. 37. When serving a notice under a disclosure order or a customer information order, the appropriate officer must inform the respondent of his or her right to refuse to comply with any requirement imposed on them unless the appropriate officer has, if required to do so, produced evidence of his authority to issue the notice17. The evidence of the authority could include the actual order. 38. Where it appears to the appropriate officer or appropriate person that the recipient of an order, warrant or notice has genuine difficulty in reading or understanding English, he or she should attempt to serve a copy on a person known to the recipient who, in the opinion of the appropriate officer or person, is able to explain or translate what is happening. If this is not practicable the appropriate officer or appropriate person should serve the order or warrant and attempt to ensure that the person understands what has occurred (e.g. by serving a multi-lingual explanation or engaging an interpreter or translator). 17 Sections 357(6) and 363(7). 39. Sections 359(1) and 366(1) provide that an offence is committed if, without reasonable excuse, a person or financial institution fails to comply with a requirement imposed by a disclosure or customer information order. Sections 359(3) and 366(3) provide that it is an offence to knowingly or recklessly make a false or misleading statement in purported compliance with a disclosure order or customer information order. The other orders are treated as orders of the court against the named person and therefore attract contempt proceedings if they are not complied with. 40. What in law amounts to a reasonable excuse will depend on the facts of each particular case and will be a matter for decision by a court. But the fact that a person has already been questioned in connection with the same or a connected investigation, that the question relates to activities outside the jurisdiction or that a truthful answer to a question would tend to incriminate the interviewee or some other person is unlikely, in itself, to amount to a reasonable excuse. 41. Section 449A enables members of staff of the relevant Director to be