any tactics to be used such as phased or staged disclosure necessitating a series of interviews; • Whether the suspect is already on bail for other offences which may trigger the necessity to arrest to prevent further offences or minimise the risk of harm to others; • What considerations are required concerning disposal of the suspect e.g. necessity to remand in custody or impose bail conditions to prevent further offences, minimise the risk they present to others or secure their attendance at court; • Whether any of the other grounds (a) to (h) above apply; • Management of bail issues to ensure proper attendance by a suspect during an ongoing investigation; • Where it is anticipated that bail is likely to be refused should the suspect be charged; • • The necessity to arrest should be kept under continuous review during the actual interview, as the conduct of the interviewee including their response to questioning could trigger any of the criteria and make arrest necessary, for example issuing threats or implicating other previously unknown suspects. This contingency needs consideration by supervisors deploying single interviewers or interview teams with non warranted powers. For a constable to have reasonable grounds for believing arrest is necessary, they are not required to be satisfied there is no viable alternative. However in all cases the officer should consider that arrest is the practical, sensible and proportionate option in all the circumstances at the time the decision is made. This applies equally to a person in police detention after being arrested for an offence who is suspected of involvement in a further offence and the necessity to arrest them for that offence is being considered.3 Code G does not draw any distinction between dynamic decisions such as those made by incident response officers without the benefit of all available information and decisions on necessity to arrest based on the result of further investigation. The emphasis is on the circumstances existing at the time of the decision and the application of sensible and proportionate use of powers as judged on a case by case basis. In some situations officers considering arrest may not be involved in any later interview with the suspect and may lack expertise and knowledge of the detail and potential complexities of an interview strategy. For this reason it is difficult to provide definitive guidance for all circumstances other than the broad areas for consideration set out above which offer a wide variety of options. An area concerning arrest which directly impacts on a subsequent interview under caution is the information supplied to the suspect at the time of arrest and afterwards when presented to the custody officer. Code G4 clarifies that an arrested person must be given sufficient information to enable them to 3 PACE, Code G, Note for Guidance 2C. 4 PACE, Code G, Note for Guidance 3. understand they have been deprived of their liberty and the reason they have been arrested as soon as practicable after arrest, including being informed