gathering evidence from overseas and the need for interpreters. This would potentially result in higher costs. Assume an eligibility rate of 50% for cases in the Legal aid costs There is a risk that variance in the Legal Aid eligibility Magistrates' Courts and 100% in the Crown Court The average legal aid cost in the Magistrates assumed is approximately £400, and £5,000 in the Crown Court (based on Crime Lower Report and Crime Higher Report, Legal Aid Agency). Used an average cost including all offence types from the dataset that inclµdes both standard and non-standard fees to estimate the cost to the Legal Aid Agency. rate assumed for cases in the magistrates' courts would impact the costings. Assuming 100% eligibility for Legal Aid in the Crown Court carries several risks. Firstly, an individual may refuse legal aid. Secondly, an individual may contribute to legal aid costs. Lastly, the size of this contribution can vary. This could mean that the costings provided are a slight overestimate. There is a risk that the cost could be higher for specific new offences where Legal Aid is paid under the more expensive non standard fee scheme. This is particularly true of cases prosecuted in the UK by extending jurisdiction, where the offence may be more serious or complicated to prosecute. As such the Legal Aid costs could be significantly higher in extra territorial jurisdiction cases. Assume that 50% of a prison sentence over 12 Prison costs The cost of additional prison places is.also months is served on probation and that there is no element of licence for a sentence under 12 months. The proportions of offenders who are sentenced to probation are determined by the proportion of those who receive an over 12 month sentence. Assume that half the given average custodial sentence length is served. The cost per prison place is £28,000. dependent on the existing prison population, as if there is spare capacity in terms of prison places then the marginal cost of accommodating more offenders will be low due to existing large fixed costs and low variable costs. Conversely, if the current prison population is running at or over capacity then marginal costs may be significantly higher as contingency measures will have to be found. Source: National Offender Management Service manag_e,rnent accounts_ a_ddendum (2011). Probation costs There is a risk that Suspended Sentence Orders Assume that suspended sentences are broadly similar to community sentences. Costs for probation and community sentences are approximately £2,600 per year in 2012/.13 prices. The probation costs are based on national costs for community order/ suspended sentence order, found at National Offender Management Service, Probation Trust Unit Costs, Financial Year 2012-13. Source: MoJ internal analysis, 2013. could ultimately be more costly than community sentences if an offender breaches conditions of their suspended sentence and receives a custodial sentence. Costs represent the national average fully apportioned cost based on delivery by 35 Probation Trusts in 2012/13. Unit costs are calculated from the total fully apportioned cost of relevant