and carers of missing persons; - Prosecuting those who perpetrate harm or pose a risk of harm when this is appropriate and supported by evidence. The Risk Assessment Table should be used to guide the appropriate level of police response to a missing person report. The National Decision Model (NDM) should also be used in conjunction with this. Low Risk Medium Risk High Risk The risk of harm to the subject or the public is assessed as possible but minimal. The risk of harm to the subject or the public is assessed as likely but not serious. The risk of serious harm to the subject or the public is assessed as very likely. Proportionate enquiries should be carried out to ensure that the individual has not come to harm. This category requires an active and measured response by the police and other agencies in order to trace the missing person and support the person reporting. This category almost always requires the immediate deployment of police resources Ð action may be delayed in exceptional circumstances, such as searching water or forested areas during hours of darkness. A member of senior management must be involved in the examination of initial lines of enquiry and approval of appropriate staffing levels. Such cases could lead to the appointment of an Investigating Officer (IO) and possibly an SIO, and a police Search Advisor (PolSA). There should be a press/media strategy and/or close contact with outside agencies. Family support should be put in place where appropriate. The MPB should be notified of the case without undue delay. ChildrenÕs Services must also be notified immediately if the person is under 18. Risk of serious harm has been defined as: A risk which is life threatening and/or traumatic, and from which recovery, whether physical or psychological can be expected to be difficult or impossible. Wiltshire Police is dedicated to taking a multi-agency approach when receiving and investigating reports of missing and absent persons, to evaluate and assess risk and to investigate all safeguarding and welfare concerns identified. This may include the investigation of safeguarding or other criminal reasons as to why the person is missing, and what safeguarding or criminal risk they may pose to themselves or others whilst missing. The primary role for Wiltshire Police in missing cases is to protect life and prevent and detect crime by adequately resourcing staff to locate the missing person. This cannot be done by the police alone, and therefore requires work with statutory and non-statutory agencies to achieve a successful conclusion. With regard to children under the age of 18 years and vulnerable adults, Wiltshire Police will share and discuss all such missing person incidents with partner agencies. Prevention Interviews (previously Safe and Well Checks) are conducted with returned children in order to build relationships with them and to identify, where possible, the reasons for their missing episode. Particular attention will be given to those who regularly go missing, with a view to reducing or eliminating future missing episodes, to