may be enough to know whether your local crime problem is persisting, regardless of whether your problem-solving work was responsible for any observed reductions. For the second purpose of assessment, we need to know much more, including whether it was what you did that led to a decrease in crime and whether there were any side effects because of your activities. This approach will help you and others know whether your responses are worth trying when tackling new crime problems. Meeting the second purpose of assessment is challenging and will vary in its level of complexity depending on the: scale of your local crime problem nature of the responses implemented skills and resources available It is important to decide early in the problem-solving process what the purpose of the assessment is. Deciding this has implications for what you do in other parts of the SARA process. For example, if you are aiming to learn lessons for the future, you will need to start planning your measurements before any responses are put in place. If you find that numbers of knife-enabled robberies have declined and then look for the evidence that what you did was responsible for those falls, it risks producing biased findings. Home Housing , local and community Housing and communities Owning and renting a property Protect your land and property from fraud You can take steps to protect your property from being fraudulently sold or mortgaged. This guide is also available in Welsh (Cymraeg). YouÕre more at risk if: your identityÕs been stolen you rent out your property you live overseas the propertyÕs empty the property is not mortgaged the property is not registered with HM Land Registry Your property will be registered if you bought it or mortgaged it since 1998 - check the register if youÕre unsure. You must tell HM Land Registry if information in the register is incorrect, for example if you change your contact address. You can track changes to the register or put a restriction on your title if you think youÕre at risk. Track changes to the register You can sign up to get property alerts if someone applies to change the register of your property, for example if someone tries to use your property for a mortgage. This will not automatically block any changes to the register but will alert you when something changes so that you can take action. You can get alerts for up to 10 properties - thereÕs no fee. Put a restriction on your title You can stop HM Land Registry registering a sale or mortgage on your property unless a conveyancer or solicitor certifies the application was made by you. Your conveyancer or solicitor may charge you for providing a certificate if one is required by a restriction on your property. Business owners Fill in a request for a restriction if youÕre a company owning property. Send your application to the address on the form - thereÕs no fee. If you do not live at