that policing body or members of the staff of that body, or (b) to the police area for which that policing body is established. 22B Duty of chief officers to keep collaboration agreements under review (1) The chief officer of police of a police force must keep under consideration the ways in which the collaboration functions could be exercised by the chief officer and by one or more other persons to improve the efficiency or effectiveness ofÑ (a) that police force, and (b) one or more other police forces. (2) If the chief officer considers that there is a particular way in which the collaboration functions could be so exercised by the chief officer and by one or more other particular persons (Òthe proposed collaborationÓ), the chief officer must notify those other persons (the Òproposed partnersÓ) of the proposed collaboration. (3) The chief officer, and the proposed partners notified under subsection (2) (the Ònotified proposed partnersÓ), must consider whether to exercise the collaboration functions to give effect to the proposed collaboration. (1) 84 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) In considering whether to so exercise the collaboration functions, the chief officer and the notified proposed partners must consider whether the proposed collaboration would be in the interests of the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more police forces. (5) Subsection (6) applies if all, or two or more, ofÑ (a) the chief officer, and (b) the notified proposed partners, (the Òagreeing partiesÓ) are of the view that the proposed collaboration would be in the interests of the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more police forces (if the agreeing parties were to exercise the collaboration functions to give effect to the proposed collaboration, or to give effect to it so far as it relates to them). (6) The agreeing parties must exercise the collaboration functions so as to give effect to the proposed collaboration or to give effect to it so far as it relates to them. (7) In this section Òcollaboration functionsÓ means functions of chief officers of police or policing bodies under any of sections 22A to 23I (apart from this section). 22C Duty of policing bodies to keep collaboration agreements under review (1) A policing body must keep under consideration the ways in which the collaboration functions could be exercised by the policing body and by one or more other persons to improveÑ (a) the efficiency or effectiveness ofÑ (i) that policing body, (ii) the police force which that policing body is responsible for maintaining, or (iii) that body and that force, and (b) the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more other policing bodies and police