law Domestic abuse Guidance Domestic abuse: how to get help Find out how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. From: Home O?ce Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 Ñ See all updates Related content Definition of domestic violence and abuse: g uide for local areas Apply for the migrant victims of domestic abuse concession Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Domestic abuse: recognise the signs Indefinite leave to remain or enter ( domestic violence or abuse) Translated guidance If English is not your first language, information has been translated into several languages as well as an easy read version. WomenÕs Aid also have g uidance documents on domestic abuse and coronavirus available in a number of languages for victims, family and friends, and community members of those a?ected. If you are deaf, you can access a British Sign Lang uage video that explains how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. Recognise domestic abuse Does your partner, ex-partner or someone you live with: cut you o? from family and friends and intentionally isolate you? bully, threaten, or control you? take control of your finances? monitor or limit your use of technology? physically and/or sexually abuse you? Domestic abuse is not always physical violence. It can also include: coercive control and ÔgaslightingÕ economic abuse online abuse threats and intimidation emotional abuse sexual abuse Anyone can be a victim of domestic abuse, regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, religion, socio-economic status, sexuality or background. If you believe that you are a victim of domestic abuse, there are signs that you can look out for including: being withdrawn, or being isolated from your family and friends having bruises, burns or bite marks on you having your finances controlled, or not being given enough to buy food, medication or pay bills not being allowed to leave your house, or stopped from going to college or work having your internet or social media use monitored, or someone else reading your texts, emails or letters being repeatedly belittled, put down or told you are worthless being pressured into sex or sexual contact being told that abuse is your fault, or that youÕre overreacting See more signs to look for. Get help and support All forms of domestic abuse are not acceptable in any situation. If youÕre experiencing domestic abuse and feel frightened of, or controlled by, a partner, an ex-partner or family member, itÕs important to remember that itÕs not your fault and there is no shame in seeking help. It may seem like a di?cult step to take, but there is support available and #YouAreNot Alone. Free, confidential support and advice is available to victims and their concerned family members or friends, 24 hours a day. Nation Helpline Contact England Refug eÕs National Domestic Abuse Helpline Northern Domestic and Sexual Abuse 0808 2000 247 Online live chat Web form 0808 802 1414 Ireland Helpline Online live chat help@dsahelpline.org