response. Residential Profiling Out of the top ten demanding residential addresses, one was located within an area of high deprivation, seven were located in areas of medium deprivation, and two were located in areas of low deprivation. All addresses were located in urban residential areas; however they were spread out across the city. Four properties were flats, three were semi-detached housing and three were terrace houses. The number of residents in these properties ranged between 1- 8 people. On analysing the socio-demographic qualities of the families, it was found that 100% of the family members across all ten households were of ÔWhite Ð Northern EuropeanÕ ethnicity. The age range of those who were connected to the top ten addresses was between 0- 84 years old with an average 38 years old. Three of the ten addresses had under 18 year olds in the family. Regarding employment status, twenty people (43%) were listed as being unemployed and four people (9%) were employed. Four people (9%) were retired, six (13%) were school students and the occupation of thirteen people (28%) was unknown. Although there were an equal number of males and females across the sample, in 75% of cases the person calling for service was a female. All of the ten addresses included at least one family member that had been involved domestic violence incidents, alcohol or substance abuse, or had experienced mental health issues. Eight out of ten addresses include someone in the family with mental health issues, six addresses included someone with alcohol addictions or who regularly partakes in alcohol abuse, five of the ten addresses were associated with cases of domestic violence, and four addresses included someone with substance abuse issues. The average number of referrals across the addresses was 90, with an average of 31 referrals per family, and an average of 20 referrals per person. Seven out of the ten addresses had been involved with other agencies (e.g. Ambulance Service, Lancashire NHS Trust, Social Services). From these 90 addresses only five had utilised an intervention (i.e. crisis team, child protection conferences, Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conference referrals, Multi Agency Safeguarding Hub referrals, etc.). Discussion The current study took an evidence based approach to understand the demand on the police service in Lancashire ConstabularyÕs Central Division in order to inform Police decision making regarding allocation of police resources (Srinivasan, 2013). Whilst recorded crime has been found to be decreasing on a national scale over the past decade, demand on the police service has been maintained in other ways (College of Policing, 2015). Overall, the majority of incidents that the police are being requested to deal with are non-traditional police business, and therefore require the use of skills such as mediation and social service, rather than police statutory powers. In support of previous literature, only 26.89% of the reported incidents from highly demanding addresses were traditional police business (Scott, 1981). In particular, welfare and nuisance incidents were found to demand the majority of police resources. This supports reports of an