using, or has in the past used, the internet to encourage or assist gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. This may include posting videos that promote their gang or threaten rival gangs on video-sharing websites, or uploading details of gang Ômeet-upsÕ on social networking websites. In such cases, it may be appropriate for the injunction to impose a prohibition restricting the use of the internet for gang-related purposes such as, for example, the uploading of gang-related videos or social networking. If such a condition is to be included in the injunction, the applicant will need to be able to satisfy the court that the prohibition is proportionate and can be effectively monitored. 8.3. Requirements Applicants may also apply for any reasonable requirement. The 2009 Act suggests a range of requirements, which may have the effect of requiring the respondent to: • notify the person who applied for the injunction of the respondentÕs address and of any change to that address; • be at a particular place between particular times on particular days; • present himself or herself to a particular person at a place where he or she is required to be between particular times on particular days; and • participate in particular activities between particular times on particular days. When proposing requirements to be included in an injunction, applicants should remember that no requirement can require a respondent to be in any particular place for more than 8 hours in any one day. Applicants should not seek to circumvent this, for example by proposing that the respondent must be in place A for 8 hours, place B for 8 hours and place C for 8 hours, thereby regulating every hour in the day. 24 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Importantly, applicants are required by the 2009 Act to ensure that any requirements, as far as practically possible, avoid: • any conflict with the respondentÕs religious beliefs; and • any interference with the times, if any, at which the respondent normally works or attends any educational establishment. 8.3.1. Positive requirements Over the medium to long term, gang injunctions are intended to help respondents leave the gang. Applicants may apply for positive requirements that work towards this aim and are encouraged to think creatively and carefully about those that they propose. Applicants should ensure that they are tailored to the individual circumstances of each case. This means taking into account specific characteristics such as ethnicity, gender or age that could require the involvement of specialist services. In practice, such requirements could translate into a requirement that the respondent attend mediation with rival gang members; attend anger-management, relationship or other behavioural sessions; adhere to a curfew (where there is evidence that gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing occurs at particular times); undertake job-preparedness coaching or any other coaching sessions; attend a Ôcall-inÕ (as part of a wider programme of activities), or any other requirements as the court sees fit. The 2009 Act allows for maximum flexibility