doors must be available at all times when the building is occupied (see Figure 39); • using balconies and other features to bypass the stairway; or • as long as there is enough space, create a bypass corridor around the stairway enclosure. • 80 Reception areas Reception or enquiry areas should only be located in protected stairways where the stairway is not the only one serving the upper floors, the reception area is small (less than 10m2) and is of low fire risk. Accommodation stairways If you have stairways that are used for general communication and movement of people in the premises, and they are not designated as fire escape stairs then these are called Ôaccommodation stairwaysÕ. They may not require fire separation from the remainder of the floor as long as they do not pass through a compartment floor, or people do not have to pass the head of such a stairway in order to access a means of escape stairway. However, experience shows that many people will continue to use these as an escape route. Accommodation stairways, escalators and travelators should not normally form an integral part of the calculated escape route capacity, however, where your fire risk assessment indicates that it is safe to do so, then you may consider them for that purpose. In these circumstances it may be necessary to seek advice from a competent person to verify this. External stairways To be considered a viable escape route, an external stairway should normally be protected from the effects of a fire along its full length. This means that any door, window (other than toilet windows) and walls within 1.8m horizontally and 9m vertically below any part of the stairway should be fire-resisting. Windows should be fixed shut and doors self- closing (Figure 40). Figure 40: Protection to an external stairway 82 These should not normally be used for members of the public, particularly where large numbers are likely to use them. Consider protecting the external stairway from the weather as the treads may become slippery, e.g. due to algae, moss or ice. If this is not possible, you must ensure that the stairway is regularly maintained. Consider fixing non-slip material to the treads. Spiral and helical stairways Spiral and helical stairways are usually acceptable only in exceptional situations, e.g. for a maximum of 50 people who are not members of the public. The stairway should not be more than 9m in total height and not less than 1.5m in diameter with adequate headroom. A handrail should be continuous throughout the full length of the stairway. However, spiral and helical stairways may be used as means of escape by more than 50 staff and may be used by the public if the stairways have been designed for the purpose. Further guidance is given in BS: 5395-2.26 However, they are not usually suitable for young children. Lifts Due to the danger of the power supplies to a lift being affected by a fire, lifts not specifically designed