of an examination already under way and are able to ascertain this as part of that. I am a clinician and I am concerned as I know that some types of FGM (e.g. type 4) are very difficult to notice unless you are undertaking an examination with the specific purpose of looking for the signs. What if I have carried out a procedure on a patient (e.g. inserting a catheter) and at a later date that patient is identified as having had FGM? If an allegation of failure to report is made, in considering whether a person has genuinely failed to notice the signs of FGM, all of the relevant circumstances will be taken into account by the regulators, including your experience and what could reasonably have been expected. All relevant information will be taken into account, including the fact that experts in the field can find it difficult to see indications of FGM having taken place in some circumstances. Making reports How do I make a report? Information on making reports is outlined in section 2.3. I am concerned that if I inform the family before making the report the family may disappear or coerce the girl into changing her account, what should I do? Please see section 2.3c. If you are still unsure or have concerns, you should discuss these with your designated safeguarding lead. Do I have to inform the girlÕs family before making a report? In line with safeguarding best practice, you should explain the report, why it is being made, and what it means with the girl and/or her parents or guardians as appropriate. See section 2.3c for more information. I have made a report under the duty, but my local process is to make a full referral to social services. Why do I have to report twice? The legislation requires you to make a report to the police and does not require a second report to social services. Local areas may wish to update their procedures to reflect that a report made under the mandatory reporting duty is sufficient and duplicate reporting is not required, but that is a matter for local decision. Professionals working within Wales should be aware that section 130 of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 also applies to cases covered by the FGM mandatory reporting duty. I have concerns about making a report via 101 Ð is this process secure? Yes. Calls to 101 are answered by trained police officers and staff in the control room of the local police force. Police forces have responsibilities regarding the management of information, including a statutory responsibility to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998. I am an expert practitioner in this field and we already have reporting processes directly to the police, through local arrangements with the specialist unit in the force who deal with these cases. Do I have to call 101? No. The legislation requires a report to be made to the police, but it does not