that the lead responder is not expected to carry out the maintenance of warning and informing arrangements in isolation. The communicating with the public duty falls to all Category 1 responders. The lead responder concept steers LRF partners to provide support, advice and guidance to those agencies designated as lead responders throughout all stages of the disaster cycle. Partnership working is critical to success in implementing this duty effectively by assessing procedures against the risks identified in your CRR. This will help to ensure that the right messages are issued to the right people at the right time and help to promote a co-ordinated approach to communicating with the public. Choosing the LRFÕs lead responders The following steps provide LRFs with a simple process for selecting lead responders for warning and informing the public. Although this may seem a challenging task at first, it can actually be relatively straight forward if task groups follow the simple steps below: o Call together a specific ÔTask & FinishÕ session for the LRF Public Warning Task Group, ensuring that all Category 1 responders are present Ð over the course of the next couple of hours, the task is to assign a lead responder agency against each of the risks contained in the LRFÕs CRR. o Ensure that copies of the CRR are available with an additional column added, so that task groups can insert the agreed lead responder for each incident phase as the process develops. o Now, with one task group member taking the lead, Ôwalk throughÕ each risk scenario, analysing every phase of the disaster cycle, and deciding which agencies have a role as lead responder as the scenario / incident evolves. These agencies should then be inserted into the amended CRR table. The task group will also have to identify trigger points for the handover of the lead responsibility for warning, informing and advising from one responder body to another, and the procedures to achieve this (see Annex 7C). However, the task group, where possible, should attempt to select one overall lead responder to take the lead against each risk, to ensure arrangements are maintained, and most importantly, to issue warnings during the immediate aftermath of an incident being declared (no-notice), or in the period prior to a potential incident (notice), to prevent imminent danger to life and property. This agency is the lead responder for both the planning, and immediate emergency response phase. As stated above, they should expect the full support of all Category 1 responders in undertaking this role. The following scenarios are provided as examples Ð one notice type scenario (Flooding Ð major fluvial), and one no-notice (toxic release). Notice type scenario: Flooding Ð major fluvial o Outcome description (taken from CRR): Sustained period of heavy rain for two weeks; rising river levels over all regions; thousands of properties affected for 7 to 21 days; some risk to life; impact on roads and rail infrastructure. o Pre-flood: right up to the point where the water is