whom the fixed penalty may be paid; (e) specify permissible methods of payment. (7) An amount specified under subsection (6)(c) must not be more than £100. (8) A fixed penalty notice may specify two amounts under subsection (6)(c) and specify that, if the lower of those amounts is paid within a specified period (of less than 14 days), that is the amount of the fixed penalty. (9) Whatever other method may be specified under subsection (6)(e), payment of a fixed penalty may be made by pre-paying and posting to the person whose name is stated under subsection (6)(d), at the stated address, a letter containing the amount of the penalty (in cash or otherwise). (10) Where a letter is sent as mentioned in subsection (9), payment is regarded as having been made at the time at which that letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. (11) In any proceedings, a certificate thatÑ (a) purports to be signed by or on behalf of the chief finance officer of the local authority concerned, and (b) states that payment of a fixed penalty was, or was not, received by the dated specified in the certificate, is evidence of the facts stated. (12) In this section Òchief finance officerÓ, in relation to a local authority, means the person with responsibility for the authority's financial affairs. (1) 30 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Who may issue notices 53 Authorised persons (1) A community protection notice or a fixed penalty notice may be issued byÑ (a) a constable; (b) the relevant local authority (see subsections (2) and (3)); (c) a person designated by the relevant local authority for the purposes of this section. (2) For a community protection notice, Òthe relevant local authorityÓ means the local authority (or, as the case may be, any of the local authorities) within whose area the conduct specified in the notice has, according to the notice, been taking place. (3) For a fixed penalty notice, Òthe relevant local authorityÓ means the local authority (or, as the case may be, any of the local authorities) within whose area the offence in question is alleged to have taken place. (4) Only a person of a description specified in an order made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of subsection (1)(c) may be designated under that subsection. F5(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .