to the investigation if the [F632Director General] determines under section 13B that the DSI matter is to be re-investigated.] Subject to paragraph 20 and to any recommendations or directions under the following provisions of this paragraph, it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority— to take the action F937... which is or is required to be set out in the memorandum; and in a case where that action consists of or includes the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, to secure that those proceedings, once brought, are proceeded with to a proper conclusion. F938(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F939(3A) Where this paragraph applies by virtue of sub-paragraph (1)(c), the [F632Director General] may make a recommendation to the appropriate authority— that the performance of a person serving with the police is, or is not, satisfactory; that action of the form specified in the recommendation is taken in respect of the person's performance; and it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to notify the [F632Director General] whether it accepts the recommendation and (if it does) to set out in the notification the steps that it is proposing to take to give effect to it.] If, after the [F632Director General] has made a recommendation under this paragraph, the appropriate authority does not take steps to secure that full effect is given to the recommendation— the [F632Director General] may direct the appropriate authority to take steps for that purpose; and it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to comply with the direction. A direction under sub-paragraph (4) may, to such extent as the [F632Director General] thinks fit, set out the steps to be taken by the appropriate authority in order to give effect to the recommendation. Where the [F632Director General] gives the appropriate authority a direction under this paragraph, [F638the Director General] shall supply the appropriate authority with a statement of its reasons for doing so. Where disciplinary [F940or other] proceedings have been brought in accordance with a recommendation or direction under this paragraph, it shall be the duty of the authority to ensure that they are proceeded with to a proper conclusion. The [F632Director General] may at any time withdraw a direction given under this paragraph; and sub-paragraph (7) shall not impose any obligation in relation to any time after the withdrawal of the direction. The appropriate authority shall keep the [F632Director General] informed— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and