of carrying out the order. (2) A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed under subsection (1)(b) commits an offence. (1) 74 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (2) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (4) Directions under subsection (1)(c) mayÑ (a) specify the manner in which a dog is to be disposed of, or (b) delegate the decision about the manner in which a dog is to be disposed of to a person appointed under subsection (1)(a). (5) In determining how to exercise its powers under section 67 and this section the court is to have regard (amongst other things) toÑ (a) the desirability of protecting the value of any dog to which the order under section 67 applies, and (b) the desirability of avoiding increasing any expenses which a person may be ordered to reimburse. (6) In determining how to exercise a power delegated under subsection (4)(b), a person is to have regard, amongst other things, to the things mentioned in subsection (5)(a) and (b). (7) If the owner of a dog ordered to be disposed of under section 67 is subject to a liability by virtue of subsection (1)(e), any amount to which the owner is entitled as a result of sale of the dog may be reduced by an amount equal to that liability. (8) Any sum ordered to be paid under subsection (1)(e) is to be treated for the purposes of enforcement as if it were a fine imposed on conviction. (9) In this section references to disposing of a dog do not includeÑ (a) destroying it, or (b) disposing of it for the purposes of vivisection. 70 Disqualification orders: appeals (1) Nothing may be done under an order under section 66 or 67 with respect to a dog unlessÑ (a) the period for giving notice of appeal against the order has expired, (b) the period for giving notice of appeal against the conviction on which the order was made has expired, and (c) if the order or conviction is the subject of an appeal, the appeal has been determined or withdrawn. (2) Where the effect of an order is suspended under subsection (1)Ñ (a) no requirement imposed or directions given in connection with the order have effect, but (b) the court may give directions about how any dog to which the order applies