called ‘honour-based’ abuse offences, England and Wales, 2020 to 2021 - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2021. 48 SafeLives. Spotlight Report #Hidden Victims: Your choice: ‘honour’-based violence, forced marriage and domestic abuse: 2017. 49 Mayeda, D, Vijaykumar, R. A Review of the Literature on Honor‐based Violence. Sociology Compass: 2016: 10(5): 353– 363. 50 The Government will be introducing a ban on conversion therapy in law. The detail of the legislative provisions will be set out in the draft Bill when it is published. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Forced marriage and FGM are potential forms of 'honour'-based abuse. More information about forced marriage and FGM can be found in the multi-agency statutory guidance and practice guidelines on forced marriage and the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. Forced Marriage Forced marriage is an offence under section 121 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (‘the 2014 Act’). Forced marriage typically occurs in the context of ‘honour’-based abuse, and involves the use of violence, threats or any other form of coercion against a person with the intention or belief that the conduct may cause a person to enter into a marriage without consent. This includes non-binding traditional, or unofficial marriages. Forced marriage is recognised as a form of domestic abuse - if carried out by someone with a personal connection to the victim and where both parties are at least 16 years old. Usually someone must use violence, threats or another form of coercion to carry out the offence of forced marriage. However, if a person is unable to consent to marry, under the Mental Capacity Act 2005, any conduct aimed at causing them to marry may be forced marriage, even if it is not violence, threats or another form of coercion. In all cases, forcing someone into marriage could include making arrangements; the offence could be considered to have occurred even where the marriage does not end up taking place. Victims of forced marriage can be of any age, and many are under 18. Young victims may for example be coerced to marry under the threat of physical violence or the fear of dishonouring their families. In addition, once the provisions of the Marriage and Civil Partnership (Minimum Age) Act 2022 are brought into force, it will be deemed a forced marriage, and thus illegal, for someone to cause a child under the age of 18 to enter into a marriage in any circumstance, even if the person does not use violence, threats or another form of coercion to do so. The Government’s Forced Marriage Unit can provide advice and support to individuals who are at risk of, or who have experienced, forced marriage, and to the professionals and others seeking to help them. Guidance on forced marriage is published on GOV.UK. On forced marriage, the multi-agency practice guidelines have specific sections for children’s social care and education professionals and teachers, providing clear advice to practitioners to help inform an effective response to safeguard children who may