constitute an offence under section 5 (preparation of terrorist acts) or 6 (training for terrorism) of the Terrorism Act 2006 to be prosecuted in the UK. So that, in appropriate cases, early action can be taken to prosecute individuals carrying out preparatory activities and terrorist training abroad, these amendments provide for clause 72 to come into force on Royal Assent. The explanatory statements published alongside the amendments explain the effect of the various minor and consequential amendments. I attach supplementary ECHR and delegated powers memorandums in respect of relevant amendments. I am copying this letter to all members of the Public Bill Committee, Keith Vaz (Chair, Home Affairs Select Committee), Sir Alan Beith (Chair, Justice Select Committee), Dr Hywel Francis (Chair, Joint Committee on Human Rights), Baroness Thomas of Winchester (Chairman, Delegated Powers and Regulatory Reform Committee), Baroness Smith of Basildon, Lord Rosser, Lord Laming, Baroness Hamwee, Lord Harris of Haringey and Lord Wigley. I am also placing a copy in the library of the House and on the Bill page of the Government website. Karen Bradley Home Business and self-employed Business debt and bankruptcy Complain about a claims company Contact your claims company, the Financial Ombudsman Service, or the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) to make a complaint. Claims management companies can help you make certain types of claims against financial services providers for a fee, such as claiming for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI). They can give you advice on what you can claim and help you with the legal process. Complaining about poor service Complain to the Financial Ombudsman Service if youÕre unhappy with the service youÕve received from a claims company, for example the results of your claim or the fees theyÕve charged you. Related content Complain about a legal adviser Claim compensation for injury or financial loss Ask the claims company for a copy of their complaints procedure or check their website. Contact the claims company with your complaint so they have a chance to put things right. Keep a record of your complaint, for example details about any communication between you and the claims company. Contact the Financial Ombudsman Service if your claims company does not resolve your complaint in 8 weeks. Complaining about poor conduct Complain to the FCA if youÕre unhappy with the conduct of a claims company. Poor conduct could include: breaking the conduct rules for claims companies unsolicited calls or texts - find out how to stop or reduce them not being registered on the financial services register The FCA cannot pay compensation or order a claims management company to compensate you, even if youÕve received poor service. YouÕll be referred to the Financial Ombudsman Service if your complaint is about poor service. Explore the topic Business debt and bankruptcy Your rights and legal support Court claims, debt and bankruptcy Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing