to prison safety, assaults and violence may still occur and, if left unchecked, can quickly destabilise a prison and threaten the safety of both staff and prisoners. Weapon-enabled violence, including intimidation, is not acceptable in any environment and those who continue to engage in this behaviour in prison should face a criminal charge, where possible. There is a strong public interest in doing more to deter knife crime in the prison environment where offenders are living in close proximity to one another. 14. Whilst assaults without weapons are more common2, assaults with weapons still occur and inflict life-changing injuries on both staff and other prisoners. Control and order is a fundamental foundation of prison life and without it the rehabilitation of prisoners may not be effective because of constant disruptions to the regime caused by security incidents, the need to close down the prison to search for weapons, general violence, intimidation and other disruptive behaviour which is not conducive to 2 In 2013 there were 14,125 assaults within prisons and YOIs in England and Wales and 2,278 (16%) involved use of a weapon with 828 (6%) involving use of a knife, blade or sharp/blunt instrument. 1 effective learning. It is vital that all those working and incarcerated in a prison feel as safe as possible in such a closed environment. Response to Violence in Prisons 15. NOMS is committed to reducing levels of violence in prison. Prisons already have in place security measures to detect and deter weapons including metal detectors and wands, frequent searching programmes of both prisoners and locations within the prison, as well as intelligence systems used to target searches. There is a comprehensive programme of work underway to reduce violence and the effect of violence, including protection of staff Ð for example by use of stab resistant material in vests; or by deterring attacks - for example by introducing body cameras to record prisoner interaction. Policy objective 16. The primary policy objective of making possession of an offensive weapon in custody a criminal offence is to close a gap in the existing possession laws; to ensure that the treatment and maximum punishment for possession whilst in prison is comparable to that available in the community. 17. Criminalising weapon possession in custody would also help to ensure that those prisoners committing serious offences can be dealt with by the CJS. This means that this offence will appear on the criminal record of those offenders who are found guilty of possession of such items. This will make knowledge of these serious offences available in future sentencing decisions but also to the police. Ensuring this information is available to the police may assist them in detecting potentially dangerous offenders. 18. The convictions will be recorded formally on national crime statistics. This will ensure that this type of crime is reflected in available national statistics and taken into account in any decision making on crime management. 19. The proposed measure is associated with a wider package of measures being implemented