at risk of or who have undergone FGM. As well as following relevant statutory guidance, schools, colleges and universities may also find it useful to: • Raise awareness of FGM among staff and pupils/students by o displaying relevant materials; o providing staff training; o making materials such as books or DVDs available; o including FGM in relevant parts of the school curriculum: PSHE in England (PSE in Wales); sex and relationship education; science; citizenship. • Resources, including examples of lesson plans, are available in the online resource pack63. 60 www.gov.uk/government/publications/working-together-to-safeguard-children--2 61 https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/keeping-children-safe-in-education--2 62 https://gov.wales/keeping-learners-safe 63 https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/female-genital-mutilation-resource-pack Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 61 School, Colleges and Universities: Additional Considerations What to do if a student stops attending school Details of the steps that local authorities need to take to meet their duty to identify all children (of compulsory school age64) not receiving a suitable education are described in (England) Children missing education Ð statutory guidance for local authorities (Sep 2016)65 or Statutory Guidance to Help Prevent Children and Young People from Missing Education: Welsh Assembly Government Circular 006/2010. If a teacher, lecturer or other member of staff suspects that a student has been removed from, or prevented from, attending education as a result of FGM, a referral should be made to the local authority childrenÕs or adultÕs social care and the police. Staff may consider speaking to the studentÕs friends to gather information Ð although they should not make clear that FGM is suspected as this may get back to the family who may hasten any plans to perform the procedure (as well as potentially breaching confidentiality). Remember: schools and local authorities have specific duties in relation to attendance at school or removing pupils from the school register. Staff should not delete a pupil from the schoolÕs admission register, except in certain circumstances. These are prescribed in The Education (Pupil Registration) (England) Regulations 2006. In certain circumstances, schools are required to inform the relevant local authority of a pupil who is to be removed from the admission register; 64 As defined in section 8 of the Education Act 1996 65 www.gov.uk/government/publications/children-missing-education 62 Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation School, Colleges and Universities: Additional Considerations CASE STUDY: Norbury School Norbury School had a large population of pupils from countries known to practise FGM. The head teacher decided that the school should raise awareness of FGM and identified two key colleagues, both who were well respected by pupils, parents and the wider community, to lead on this work. They recognised that they needed to bring communities on board with the work rather than have a Ôtop downÕ approach. They also wanted to be open and honest about facts, based on an educational approach, rather than ÔblameÕ and ÔlectureÕ. They used the NSPCC PANTS programme as a basis for their FGM awareness programmes. The PANTS programme sets out a simple message for children that parts of their body covered by underwear are private, their body belongs to them and that