of making that decision. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Issuing precepts Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 173 Next steps if no veto 5 (1) This paragraph applies if the police and crime panel does not veto the proposed precept. (2) The police and crime commissioner mustÑ (a) have regard to the report made by the panel under paragraph 3 (including any recommendations in the report), (b) give the panel a response to the report (and any such recommendations), and (c) publish the response. (3) The police and crime commissioner mayÑ (a) issue the proposed precept as the precept for the financial year, or (b) issue a different precept, but only if it would be in accordance with a recommendation made in the report to do so. (4) It is for the police and crime panel to determine the manner in which a response to a report or recommendations is to be published in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) (c). Next steps if veto 6 (1) This paragraph applies if the police and crime panel vetoes the proposed precept. (2) The police and crime commissioner must not issue the proposed precept as the precept for the financial year. (3) The police and crime commissioner mustÑ (a) have regard to the report made by the panel under paragraph 3 (including any recommendations in the report), (b) give the panel a response to the report (and any such recommendations), and (c) publish the response. (4) It is for the police and crime panel to determine the manner in which a response to a report or recommendations is to be published in accordance with sub-paragraph (3) (c). (5) Sub-paragraph (2) is subject to regulations under paragraph 8. (2) 174 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Issuing precepts Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Regulations 7 (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations aboutÑ (a) the steps that are required to be taken by paragraphs 2 to 6, and (b) procedures that are to be followed in taking such steps. (2) The regulations may, in particular, make provision about the time limits applicable in taking steps or following procedures. 8 (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations about the issuing of precepts in cases where paragraph 6 applies. (2) The regulations may make provision aboutÑ (a) steps to be taken, and (b) procedures to be followed. (3) That includes provision about the time limits applicable in taking steps or following procedures. (4) The regulations may make provision about limits on the precept that may