position of trust or authority and therefore could be deemed inappropriate, in particular if the member of the public is vulnerable. Vulnerability - There is no exhaustive list of vulnerabilities; this is a matter for the individuals following the procedure to determine. However, with regard to a member of public, vulnerability could be temporary or short term, long lasting or permanent and may include: • Mental or physical disability and illness • Learning disability • Addiction issues • Age • Victim, witness or suspect in crime or crime related incident (in particular domestic abuse) • Recent bereavement Group or Organisation - There is no definitive list of groups or organisations deemed inappropriate. This is a matter for those following the procedure to determine but will include Membership of the Combat 18, the National Front and the English Defence League as prohibited by force policy. In addition, this could include: • Membership by a police officer of any political party where membership involves the officer playing an active part in politics in contravention of Police Regulations (to play an Ôactive partÕ in a group or organisation, would involve an individual assisting (or attempting to assist) in furthering the group or organisationÕs political aims by way of words or acts. One would ordinarily have to do more than simply ÔfollowÕ a political person, group or organisation on social media). • Association with groups or organisations involved in law breaking or criminal activity such as certain animal rights groups, football hooligans, etc. Table of Contents • Association with groups or organisations which would bring the force into disrepute. This could include, but is not limited to, racist groups, activist groups or extremist groups with aims which contravene the statement of common purpose and values of the Police Service or the intent or effect of any relevant legislation or policies governing Wiltshire Police. • Association with groups or organisations which advocate either active or passive non- compliance with the law. Compromise Ð In the context of this procedure, compromise includes the likelihood or potential of both actual and/or perceived risk to the individual staff member, operations or reputation of the force and can include the following: • Place in a position of difficulty or danger • Expose to risk of failure; frustration or disgrace • Cast doubt on one's integrity • An increased risk of corruptibility An example of compromise could be leaking of information, whether deliberate or not, that would Ôtip offÕ a criminal individual or organisation prior to the execution of a search warrant. A further example would be the disclosure of personal or private lifestyle details of other members of Wiltshire Police to outside individuals or organisations that may allow targeting of officers and staff by way of assault, harassment, fraud, extortion, or public humiliation. 5. INFORMATION SECURITY There is NO EXEMPTION under the Data Protection Act 2018/UK GDPR, Data Protection Policy or Wiltshire Police Information Security Policy in relation to assessing information to determine whether an association requires declaration. Officers