under this Part by or in relation to the complainant may be done, instead, by or in relation to the person acting on the complainant’s behalf. Subject to subsection (4), references in this Part, in relation to any conduct or anything purporting to be a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public include references to any person falling within any of the following paragraphs (whether at the time of the conduct or at any subsequent time)— a person serving with the police; [F360(ca) a National Crime Agency officer; or] a person engaged on relevant service, within the meaning of section 97(1)(a) F361... or (d) of the 1996 Act [F362(temporary service of various kinds)]. In this Part references, in relation to any conduct or to anything purporting to be a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public do not include references to— a person who, at the time when the conduct is supposed to have taken place, was under the direction and control of the same chief officer as the person whose conduct it was; or a person who— at the time when the conduct is supposed to have taken place, in relation to him, or at the time when he is supposed to have been adversely affected by it, or to have witnessed it, was on duty in his capacity as a person falling within subsection (3)(a) to (d). [F363(4A) In this Part references, in relation to anything purporting to be a complaint other than a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public include references to any person falling within subsection (3)(a) to (d) other than a person who is— a member of the police force with which dissatisfaction is expressed, Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 69 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a civilian employee of that police force, a special constable who is under the direction and control of the chief officer of that police force, or where dissatisfaction is expressed with the City of London police force, an employee of the Common Council of the City of London who is under the direction and control of the chief officer of that force.] For the purposes of this Part a person is adversely affected if he suffers any form of loss or damage, distress or inconvenience, if he is put in danger or if he is otherwise unduly put at risk of being adversely affected. References in this Part to the investigation of any complaint or matter by the appropriate authority on its