duty to maintain plans relates to all the functions of a Category 1 responder, not just its civil protection functions. For Category 1 responders to help others in the event of an emergency, they first need to be able to keep their own crisis response capabilities going. However, Category 1 responders also need to be able to continue to deliver critical aspects of their day-to-day functions (e.g. law enforcement, looking after vulnerable people, attending minor fires) in the event of an emergency, if the impact on the community is to be kept to a minimum. 6.1. 6.3. It may, therefore, be helpful to think of the business continuity management (BCM) duty in the Act as being separated into two strands. In practice, the Act requires Category 1 responders to maintain plans to ensure that they can: o continue to exercise their civil protection functions: The legislation requires Category 1 responders to maintain plans to deal with emergencies (see Chapter 5) and put in place arrangements to warn and inform the public in the event of an emergency (see Chapter 7). The BCM duty requires Category 1 responders to maintain plans to ensure that they can deliver these capabilities when they are required. o continue to perform their ordinary functions: Category 1 responders perform a range of functions that are important to the human welfare and security of the community and its environment (e.g. provision of health care, detection of crime, fighting fires). This is particularly true in an emergency situation, where operational demands often increase and the operating environment can become more challenging. The legislation requires Category 1 responders to make provision for ensuring that their ordinary functions can be continued to the extent required. 6.4. Organisations should not only look at the resilience of internal structures and processes, but also those of organisations they rely on, or deliver services through. 6.5. The Act requires Category 1 responders to put in place plans to ensure that 6.1. they can continue their functions in the event of an emergency.2 This requires 2 s.2(1)(c) them to ensure that those organisations delivering services on their behalf (e.g. contracted-out services) or capabilities which underpin service provision (e.g. information technology and telecommunications providers) can deliver to the extent required in the event of an emergency. This is because services remain part PAGE 4 of an organisationÕs functions even if they do not directly provide them. Limits of the duty Definition of emergency 6.6. BCM is a flexible framework designed to help organisations to continue operating in the face of a wide range of different types of disruptions right the way along the spectrum of severity. BCM does not however embrace all dimensions of an organisationÕs resilience, and one important distinction is between BCM and crisis management. The Publicly Available Specification on Crisis Management (PAS200) identifies crisis management as wider ranging and inherently strategic in nature. BCM in turn is a more operationally- focused activity to ensure that service disruptions are managed, potentially cascading impacts are