resides for that other youth court to consider whether to direct transfer to the High Court or County Court. The court will not make a direction for transfer without a hearing on notice to both the applicant and respondent. 32 Section 36(3) of the 2009 Act. 33 Section 36(4) of the 2009 Act. 39 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Upon receiving such notification, the applicant or respondent as appropriate should provide a written statement that sets out the reasons why proceedings should either remain in the Youth Court or be transferred to the County Court or High Court. Any application should clearly set out their position as to whether transfer is desirable, having specific regard to the following criteria: • The stage the proceedings have reached; • The circumstances of the applicant and the respondent; and, • The need to ensure fairness between the applicant and the respondent. Where proceedings which were commenced in a Youth Court have been transferred to the High Court or County Court after the respondent attained the age of 18, anything done in the Youth Court in or in relation to those proceedings will have effect, for the purposes of continuing the proceedings in the High Court or County Court, as if it had been done in the High Court or County Court as the case may be. Proceedings transferred to the County Court will be sent to the County Court hearing centre which serves the address where the respondent resides. This includes any information on the current case file. It is the responsibility of the injunction applicant to provide case information including special reports to the new court with all background information relevant to that injunction for hearing purposes etc. The Youth Court should also transfer the relevant case file to the relevant court. 40 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 12. Breach and enforcement of an injunction Breach of an injunction of this type is not a criminal offence Ð it is dealt with as civil contempt of court for adults and by way of a separate statutory scheme for under 18s.34 However, if the respondentÕs behaviour constitutes a criminal offence, it should be dealt with as such and applicants should work with the CPS and police (if a local authority) to pursue criminal proceedings. For an injunction to be effectively enforced, the police, local authorities and other appropriate partners, need to be aware of an injunctionÕs provisions and share information relevant to the case. This ensures that where breach of an injunction does occur, applicants are in a position to identify this breach and deal with it appropriately. 12.1. Consultation between partners to monitor compliance Applicants will need to continue consultation with appropriate partners after an injunction has been granted to ensure it is managed and enforced effectively. It is advisable for applicants to circulate details of granted injunctions to these partners at the earliest opportunity. This will need to be