girls (VAWG)2, and help prevent and reduce VAWG crimes including domestic abuse. The Welsh Government has published a refreshed National Strategy to tackle Violence Against Women, Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence (VAWDASV) in line with the statutory duty created under the 2015 Act which also seeks to tackle cause and effect. The Supporting Male Victims Position Statement, VAWG National Statement of Expectations and VAWG Commissioning Toolkit have also been refreshed. The Supporting Male Victims Position Statement (2022) is an updated iteration of the Male Victims Position Statement (2019). It provides a focus on the additional challenges that can be faced by male victims of crimes considered in the cross-Government Tackling VAWG Strategy and the Tackling Domestic Abuse Plan, and outlines the continued commitment to better enable male victims to come forward and receive the support they 2 The term ‘violence against women and girls’ refers to acts of violence or abuse that we know disproportionately affect women and girls. Crimes and behaviours covered by this term include rape and other sexual offences, domestic abuse, stalking, ‘honour’-based abuse (including female genital mutilation, forced marriage, and ‘honour’ killings), as well as many others, including offences committed online. While the term ‘violence against women and girls’ is used, this refers to all victims of these offences. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance need. The National Statement of Expectations, and accompanying VAWG Commissioning Toolkit, have also been updated to provide clear and consistent guidance for local areas on how to commission victim support services, and to help ensure their response to VAWG is as collaborative, robust, and effective as it can be. As part of developing the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance, the Welsh Government and the Office of the Domestic Abuse Commissioner have been consulted and we thank them for their contributions. We thank the domestic abuse sector for their engagement in the consultation and sharing of best practice ways of working which has informed this guidance. We also thank the many victims and survivors who shared lived experiences and testimonials which were instrumental in the development of this guidance. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 1 – Objectives Objectives of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 The prevention of domestic abuse and the protection of all victims lies at the heart of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (‘the 2021 Act’) and its wider programme of work. The measures in the 2021 Act3 seek to: promote awareness - putting domestic abuse at the top of everyone’s agenda, by introducing a statutory definition which includes economic abuse and recognising children as victims in their own right; protect and support victims - establishing in law the office of Domestic Abuse Commissioner (DAC), introducing a new Domestic Abuse Protection Notice (DAPN) and Domestic Abuse Protection Order (DAPO), and placing a new duty on tier one local authorities to provide support to victims of domestic abuse, in refuges and other safe accommodation; hold perpetrators to account - extending the controlling or coercive behaviour offence to cover