work closely with policymakers to establish fair wage standards by categorizing industry and non- industry jobs. They should specify eligibility criteria, limiting the program to those incarcerated for non-violent crimes and who have been granted parole.17 This criterion ensures focus on individuals statistically less likely to reoffend, making the program safer and more justifiable in the eyes of the public. Second, DOCCS should establish an efficient payroll system that is integrated into NYSÕs correctional system and should coordinate with third-party labor agencies to conduct periodic inspections, ensuring wage disbursement accuracy and policy compliance. Additionally, collaboration with the ACA, a professional organization aiming to improve the justice system, and the NYS Department of Labor would align inmate work policies with industry standards, standardizing practices across facilities.18,19 The proposed program requires investing in inmate livable wages through reallocations within the $3.02 billion state correctional budget.20 This investment could prove to be controversial. Yet, by reallocating resources and exploring federal grants, the stateÕs budget would not be immensely burdened. Such resources would come from less essential, non-rehabilitative administrative functions and such grants would be those aimed at reducing recidivism like those provided by the Second Chance Act.21 Approximately 20 to 30 percent of the 16,300 non-violent criminals in NYS will be granted parole and paid $15 an hour for 30 hours of weekly work.21 Given that they work for an average of two months before their release, the programÕs cost ranges from $12.62 million to $18.92 million, representing only .42 percent to .63 percent of the NYSÕs current correctional budget.20,22 Introducing the proposed program as law would require support from key lawmakers on criminal justice, labor, and budgeting committees. Such support could be gained by highlighting the potential to reduce the stateÕs $3 billion correctional budget through lower recidivism rates and improved post-release employment. Presenting concrete data on the success of pre-release programs in other countries, such as Norway, where the recidivism rate sits at 20%, along with testimonies from stakeholders would make a compelling case for the program.15 In the initial years following the programÕs implementation, its success should be monitored, by the DOCCS and independent research organizations, to identify any necessary adjustments. Quantitative data, including data collection on recidivism rates, post-release employment rates, and earnings of participants, should be analyzed to assess the programÕs effectiveness. Qualitative data from participants, correctional staff, and employers will also be essential to understanding the programÕs impact on individual lives. Implementing a pre-release earnings program in NYS addresses the urgent need for financial stability among incarcerated individuals and is a critical step towards reducing recidivism, fostering successful societal reintegration, and promoting a more equitable justice system. Works Cited [1] Data Collaborative for Justice. Prison Population: New York State Trends. July 2023. https://datacollaborativeforjus tice.org/wp- content/uploads/2023/07/PrisonPop. pdf. [2] American Civil Liberties Union. Captive Labor: Exploitation of Incarcerated Workers, p. 5. https://www.aclu.org/publication s/captive-labor-exploitation- incarcerated-workers. [3] Princeton Legal Journal. The Economic Impact of Prison Labor for Incarcerated Individuals and Taxpayers. https://legaljournal.princeton.edu/th e-economic-impact-of-prison-labor- for-incarcerated-individuals-and- taxpayers/. [4] ILR Cornell. Subminimum Wages in