of those firearms which are subject to different controls depending on the circumstances in which they are held. Small firearms, for example, when held by a dealer are subject to section 5(1)(aba), but when they are possessed by a person holding a suitably conditioned firearm certificate become amenable to section 1 control. Great care and validation must be exercised in these cases. The information and matters in relation to sales and movement of prohibited items needs to be kept confidential given the potential of the items. The results of all visits and inspections will allow for a considered response to the Home Office or the Scottish Government Justice Department if the authority is to be renewed or amended by the Secretary of State, or the Scottish Ministers. Section 5 carriers 15.38 Whilst a section 5 authority for a dealer will normally allow that dealer to transfer the firearms they are permitted to trade in, should that dealer want to trade in the transfer of firearms, they will need to apply to the Home Office for their authority to be varied accordingly. Stolen weapons/certificates 15.39 In cases of lost or stolen firearms, forces should circulate details to all other forces for them to inform their own dealers. Firearms licensing departments should ensure that police officers are aware of and compliant with the stolen weapons/certificates facility on the PNC and NFLMS. 141 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 16: Museum Firearms Licenses 16.1 This chapter details what a museum firearms licence allows for and the conditions for its issue. It then covers applications, additional conditions, issue, variation and revocation of licences. What a museum licence allows 16.2 Section 19 of, and the Schedule to, the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 provide for the issue to a museum of a museum firearms licence. The grant of a licence permits the persons responsible for the management of the museum and museum employees to possess, purchase or acquire, for the purposes of the museum: a) firearms and ammunition which are, or are to be, normally exhibited or kept on its premises, without holding a firearm certificate or shot gun certificate; and b) where the licence so provides, prohibited weapons and prohibited ammunition which are, or are to be, normally exhibited or kept as aforesaid, without the authority of the Secretary of State or Scottish Ministers under section 5 of the Firearms Act 1968 (as amended). Requirements for a museum licence to be issued 16.3 A museum licence may be granted only to those major national museums listed in the Schedule or to any other museum or similar institution which either: a) has as its purpose, or one of its purposes, the preservation for the public benefit of a collection of historic, artistic or scientific interest which includes or is to include firearms; and b) which is maintained wholly or mainly out of money provided by Parliament or a local authority; or c) is accredited by the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA) or its successor bodies,