• all agencies should act in the interests of the rights of the child, as stated in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (1989); • FGM is illegal in the UK (see Chapter 3); • FGM is an extremely harmful practice - responding to it cannot be left to personal choice; • accessible, high quality and sensitive health, education, police, social care and voluntary sector services must underpin all interventions; • as FGM is often an embedded social norm, engagement with families and communities plays an important role in contributing to ending it; and • all decisions or plans should be based on high quality assessments (in accordance with ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ (2018)6statutory guidance in England, and the ÔSocial Services and Well- being (Wales) Act Part 3 Code of Practice Ð assessing the needs of individualsÕ (2015)7. 6 www.gov.uk/government/publications/working-together-to-safeguard-children--2 7 https://gov.wales/sites/default/files/publications/2019-05/part-3-code-of-practice-assessing-the-needs-of- individuals.pdf 1.5. Definitions For the purpose of this guidance, the following definitions apply: Adult/Woman ÔAdultÕ is defined as a person aged 18 years or over. Child/Girl/Young Person As defined in the Children Acts 1989 and 2004, and the Social Services and well- being (Wales) Act 2014 ÔchildÕ means a person under the age of 18. This includes young people aged 16 and 17 who are living independently; their status and entitlement to services and protection under the Children Act 1989 is not altered by the fact that they are living independently. Child Abuse and Neglect Throughout this document, the recognised categories of maltreatment are those set out in ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ (2018)8 (for England) and ÔWorking Together to Safeguard People: Volume 5 Ð handling individual cases to protect children at riskÕ (2018)9 in Wales. These are: • physical abuse • emotional abuse • sexual abuse • neglect Child in Need (England) Children shall be taken to be Ôin needÕ under section 17 of the Children Act 1989, for the purposes of Part III of that Act, where: • they are unlikely to achieve or maintain, or have the opportunity to achieve or maintain, a reasonable standard of health or development; • their health or development is likely to be significantly impaired, or further impaired, without the provision of services by a local authority under Part III of that Act; • they are disabled. Under section 17 of that Act, local authorities have a general duty to safeguard and promote the welfare of children within their area who are in need and, so far as is consistent with that duty, to promote the upbringing of such children by their families, by providing a range and level of services appropriate to those childrenÕs needs. 8 www.gov.uk/government/publications/working-together-to-safeguard-children--2 9 https://gov.wales/safeguarding-children-risk-abuse-or-neglect De-infibulation De-infibulation is a minor surgical procedure to divide the scar tissue sealing the vaginal entrance in Type 3 FGM. De-infibulation is sometimes termed a ÔreversalÕ of FGM. This, however, is incorrect as it does not replace genital tissue or restore normal genital anatomy and function. Domestic Abuse Any incident or pattern of incidents of