exceed .23 inch in calibre, it is generally accepted that this refers only to rifles firing .22 rim-fire cartridges (see also Chapter 6). Persons using the range are exempt from holding a firearm certificate only whilst using such miniature rifles and ammunition at such a range or gallery. Home Office approval can only be granted to a miniature rifle club if it can adhere to the Home OfficeÕs club criteria. Administration of clubs 17.6 The Secretary of State and the Scottish Ministers attach great importance to the responsible administration of approved clubs and will wish to ensure that the criteria are complied with. Further information about the criteria for shooting club approval is available from the gov.uk website. Procedure for shooting club approval 17.7 All applications for the approval or the renewal of the approval of the Secretary of State for shooting clubs in England and Wales must be made online, under shooting club applications. Clubs in Scotland should apply in writing to the: Firearms Team Safer Communities Division St AndrewÕs House Edinburg EH1 3DG e-mail: firearms.enquiries@gov.scot 17.8 Renewal applications should be submitted to the Home Office using the online application portal at least three months before the previous approval expires. All applications must be completed by an official of the club; this will usually be the club secretary. Applications will be passed to the firearms licensing department of the police force for the area in which the club secretary or principal officer resides. 17.9 The chief officer will arrange for a visit to take place whereby checks will be made to ensure firearm security is satisfactory. If the chief officer of police is satisfied that the club meets the criteria for approval the police will send a report to the Home Office. In cases in which enquiries indicate that there is no prospect of the club being able to meet the criteria for approval the police will also inform the Home Office with the reasons why they cannot recommend the grant of approval. 17.10 Should a club not be immediately in a position to meet the criteria, but it appears that given time it will be, the club secretary or responsible officer should be advised of the shortcomings. The submission of the application should then be deferred until such time as the club has been able to remedy the deficiencies (to a maximum of six months from the date of the original application). Once the clubÕs arrangements meet the criteria, the club should apply online to the Home Office or in writing to the Scottish Government. Should the club not be in a position to meet 148 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law the criteria at the end of the six months period, the chief officer will inform the Home Office or the Scottish Government why approval has not been recommended. 17.11 In considering whether or not to grant an application for approval, the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers must satisfy themselves that, amongst other considerations: i. the