appropriate) have effect, with any necessary modifications (and with any modifications specified in an order under section 185(7) of this Act), as if the provisions of the order were provisions of a new order; (b) subsections (2) and (3) cease to have effect. (6) In this section Òcommencement dayÓ means the day on which this section comes into force. 115 Use of premises for child sex offences (1) Schedule 6 (amendments of Part 2A of the Sexual Offences Act 2003) has effect. (2) For the purposes of sections 136BA and 136D(7A) of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (inserted by that Schedule), it does not matter whether the offence or offences in question were committed before, or on or after, the date on which this section comes into force. Child sexual exploitation at hotels 116 Information about guests at hotels believed to be used for child sexual exploitation (1) A police officer of at least the rank of inspector may issue a notice under this section to the owner, operator or manager of a hotel that the officer reasonably believes has been or will be used for the purposes ofÑ (a) child sexual exploitation, or (b) conduct that is preparatory to, or otherwise connected with, child sexual exploitation. (2) A notice under this section must be in writing and mustÑ (a) specify the hotel to which it relates; (b) specify the date on which it comes into effect and the date on which it expires; (c) explain the effect of subsections (4) and (5) and sections 117 and 118. (a) 96 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 9 Ð Protection from sexual harm and violence CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) The date on which the notice expires must not be more than 6 months after the date on which it comes into effect. (4) A constable may require a person issued with a notice under this section to provide the constable with information about guests at the hotel. (5) The only information that a constable may require under subsection (4) isÑ (a) guests' names and addresses; (b) other information about guests thatÑ (i) is specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State, and (ii) can be readily obtained from one or more of the guests themselves. (6) A requirement under subsection (4)Ñ (a) must be in writing; (b) must specify the period to which the requirement relates; (c) must specify the date or dates on or by which the required