the device. 84. Injuries to the eye and other sensitive regions in the head and neck region may be more likely to arise in children and adults of short stature (paras. 49-50). DOMILL recommends that systematic firing trials are conducted over a range of distances using anthropometrically relevant targets in order to understand the extent of this perceived increase in risk to shorter people and to inform user guidance. Additionally, ACPO should consider revising Taser guidance and training to recommend a lower aim point for children and small adults, where tactically feasible. 85. Certain conditions (e.g. hypoglycaemic and post-ictal states) could induce behaviour that may evoke administration of Taser discharge (paras. 55-58). Officers should be aware of this possibility and seek medical support if required. A similar vulnerability could exist in those who may respond inappropriately to directions from police officers as a result of language barriers, hearing disorders, visual impairment, mental health issues, neurodevelopmental and neurobehavioural disorders or learning difficulties (paras. 59-60). 86. The psychological impact of exposure to the Taser less-lethal system is unexplored (para.61). DOMILL recommends that a review of the psychological issues is undertaken, with a focus on the potential implications for children and other vulnerable groups (particularly those highlighted in para. 60). 87. The post-incident medical management of individuals exposed to Taser discharge would be enhanced by the introduction of a Taser-specific medical assessment form to guide post-incident medical examinations in line with the injury mechanisms associated with use of the device. DOMILL recommends that such a form is implemented nationally for use by Forensic Medical Examiners and other medical assessment staff. 88. DOMILL notes that medical audit information is mostly unavailable from incidents in which individuals exposed to Taser discharge have been transferred directly to hospital. Paradoxically, this means that DOMILL is unable to review outcomes in cases that are likely to be at the more 13 serious end of the injury spectrum. DOMILL, therefore, recommends that Forensic Medical Examiners separately review the hospitalised patient using the proposed Taser-specific medical assessment form (para. 87). 89. DOMILL is aware that the manufacturer of the Taser has issued technical guidance for confirming that the output parameters of the device (charge per pulse, peak voltage per pulse, pulse duration and pulse repetition rate) are within specification. The Committee is concerned that there is no mechanism in place in the UK through which the output of individual Taser devices is routinely monitored. The output of the Taser is key in determining its ability to induce muscular incapacitation and consequently underpins its operational effectiveness. Use of a device that is only partially effective (or ineffective) due, for example, to a below- specification pulse charge, may carry indirect medical implications. Conversely, above- specification output parameters may directly increase the risk of occurrence of a medical adverse outcome. DOMILL therefore recommends that consideration should be given to the design and implementation of a nationwide quality control programme, with clear guidelines on the management of Tasers found to be out-of-specification. This may