groups and forums to discuss co-ordinated and sometimes joint approaches to the essential aspects of emergency preparedness - risk assessment, emergency planning, business continuity management, and arrangements to warn and inform the public. Such forums should also consider producing multi-agency plans and other documents, including protocols and agreements, and the co-ordination of multi- agency exercises and other training events. Co-operation at the local level under the Civil Contingencies Act The principle mechanism for multi-agency co-operation at the local level is the local resilience forum (LRF) (https://www.gov.uk/local-resilience-forums-contact-details). LRFs are generally based on local police areas, and bring together all the organisations who have a duty to co-operate under the Civil Contingencies Act, along with others who would be involved in the response. The purpose of the LRF process is to ensure effective delivery of those duties under the Act that need to be developed in a multi-agency environment. Co-operation at the sub-national level Some co-operation and co-ordination takes place at multi-LRF level in England, which brings together representatives of local responders, and is supported by resilience advisers from DCLG-RED (https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/working- with-local-partners-to-plan-for-and-respond-to-emerg encies), to work together to address larger-scale civil protection issues. Co-operation at the devolved administration level Similar co-operation and co-ordination arrangements are in place in the devolved administrations. For instance, in Scotland strategic co-ordinating groups are similar to LRFs, and the Scottish Emergencies Co-ordinating Committee (SECC) provides co-ordination and determines the national strategy for the development of civil protection. In Wales the Welsh Government (WG) provides that co-ordination, and a Wales Resilience Forum brings together local responders and UK government bodies. In Northern Ireland the Civil Contingencies Group, Northern Ireland (CCG(NI)) is the forum for the development, discussion and agreement of Civil Protection Policy for the NI public services. Co-operation at the UK level Government departments who are responsible for contingency planning and response within their own areas (for example, infectious diseases falls to Department of Health; fuel disruptions falls to Business Innovation and Skills), work closely together. The Civil Contingencies Secretariat (CCS) in the Cabinet Office co- ordinates their work to enhance the countryÕs resilience to the full range of emergencies. Central government works very closely with the devolved administrations, local authorities and emergency services. Officials attend the full range of multi-agency forums and regularly go out to visit practitioners. Arrangements in England The Department for Communities and Local Government - Resilience and Emerg encies Division (DCLG-RED) (https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/working- with-local-partners-to-plan-for-and-respond-to-emerg encies) provides the platform for multi-LRF co-operation and planning in emergency preparedness where this would add value by improving co-ordination between local and central response. This section outlines the arrangements in England for emergency preparedness at this level. Co-operation at the sub-national level Co-operation at the sub-national level in England is a key element of the UKÕs civil protection framework. The sub-national tier is not a judgement on the local level; rather, it is a mechanism for improving co-ordination and communication into and out from the centre of government. Co-operation at the sub-national level involves the representatives of local responders