of such gravity as to be of national importance, or (b) a threat which can be countered effectively or efficiently only by national policing capabilities to counter the threat.Ó. Duties and powers of Secretary of State 78 General duty of Secretary of State The Secretary of State must exercise the powers conferred by this Part in such manner and to such extent as appears to the Secretary of State to be best calculated to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of the police. 79 Policing protocol (1) The Secretary of State must issue a policing protocol. (2) Each relevant person must have regard to the policing protocol in exercising the person's functions. (3) The Secretary of State may at any timeÑ (a) vary the policing protocol, or (b) replace the policing protocol. (4) Before varying or replacing the policing protocol, the Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of elected local policing bodies, (b) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of chief officers of police of police forces maintained by elected local policing bodies, (c) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime panels, and (d) such other persons as the Secretary of State thinks fit. (5) The functions of the Secretary of State under subsections (1) and (3) are exercisable by order. (6) In this sectionÑ Òpolice and crime panelÓ meansÑ (a) each police and crime panel established in accordance with Schedule 6 (police areas outside London); (a) 76 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the London Assembly's police and crime panel (see section 32); Òpolicing protocolÓ means a document which sets out, or otherwise makes provision about, ways in which relevant persons should (in the Secretary of State's view) exercise, or refrain from exercising, functions so as toÑ (a) encourage, maintain or improve working relationships (including co- operative working) between relevant persons, or (b) limit or prevent the overlapping or conflicting exercise of functions; Òrelevant personsÓ meansÑ (a) the Secretary of State in the exercise of policing functions; (b) each elected local policing body; (c) the chief officer of each police force maintained by an elected local policing body; (d) police and crime panels. 80 Obtaining advice from representative bodies (1) The Secretary of State may, in connection with the exercise by the Secretary of State of any function relating to the police or policing, require a representative body to give the Secretary of State advice on any matter. (2) A requirement under subsection (1) may specify the period within which