Document for details) View outstanding changes Policing and Crime Act 2009 2009 CHAPTER 26 An Act to make provision about the police; to make provision about prostitution, sex offenders, sex establishments and certain other premises; to make provision for reducing and dealing with the abuse of alcohol; to make provision about the proceeds of crime; to make provision about extradition; to amend the Aviation Security Act 1982; to make provision about criminal records and to amend the Safeguarding Vulnerable Groups Act 2006 and the Safeguarding Vulnerable Groups (Northern Ireland) Order 2007; to confer, extend or facilitate search, forfeiture and other powers relating to the United Kingdom's borders or elsewhere; to make further provision for combatting crime and disorder; to repeal redundant provisions; and for connected purposes. [12th November 2009] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— Part 1 Police reform Public accountability Duty of police authorities in relation to public accountability In section 6(2) of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) (matters to which police authorities must have regard in discharging their functions) after paragraph (a) insert— “(aa) the views of people in the authority's area about policing in that area,”. In section 54(2A) of that Act (inspection and report powers of inspectors of constabulary) after “with” insert “ the requirement to have regard to the views of people in its area about policing in that area and its compliance with ”. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Appointment of senior officers Police Senior Appointments Panel F1(1) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In section 54 (appointment and functions of inspectors of constabulary) omit subsection (3A) (delegation of Secretary of State's functions relating to approval of appointments, etc). [F2In Part 2 of Schedule 1A to the Race Relations Act 1976 (c. 74) (persons subject to general statutory duty) insert at the appropriate place— “The Police Senior Appointments Panel.”] In Part 6 of Schedule 1 to the Freedom of Information Act 2000 (c. 36) (public authorities) insert at the appropriate place— “The Police Senior Appointments Panel”. Regulations about senior officers In section 50 of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) (regulations for police forces) after subsection (6) insert— “(6A) Without prejudice to