number of active New York City Police Department school safety agents totaled almost 3,900.3 In fact, research shows that school policing exacerbates inequity through disproportionate arrests of disabled, Black, Latinx, Indigenous, and LGBTQ+ students.4 From 2016 to 2020, 91% of all arrests at NYC schools are Black and Latinx young people, despite these students being only 66% of the enrolled population. Furthermore, the rise in school policing has come at the expense of other important school authorities. Almost one-third of American K-12 students attend schools with police presence, lacking sufficient nurses, counselors, or social workers.5 Instead of rehabilitative responses to misconduct, such as peer mediating or using dialogue to resolve conflicts, many schools have taken a retributive approach. These retributive policing approaches result in suspensions and other disciplinary actions that disproportionately affect children of color.5 On average, 250 preschoolers face suspension or expulsion each day.6 More broadly, nearly 3 million K-12 students endure suspensions, and over 100,000 get expelled every year.7 These disciplinary actions have harmed educational outcomes. They lead to academic struggles, increased dropout rates, and feed into the school-to-prison pipeline, in which young students from low- income backgrounds are more likely to be jailed due to punitive policies that push students out of the classroom.8 For instance, a study from the University of California, Irvine found that high school students who experience suspension or expulsion are more than twice as likely to face criminal charges as young adults.9 Policy Idea In order to address the issues of school policing, police officers should be removed from K-12 public schools in New York City. Instead, funds should be reallocated to alternative safety measures, which may include mental health professionals, counselors, and restorative justice programs. Counselors and mental health professionals will be responsible for addressing student issues. By focusing on root causes and addressing issues through dialogues, retributive approaches will not be necessary, even in violent interactions between students. The proposed approach prioritizes mental well-being and non-punitive approaches to student misconduct. There are many implemented models and blueprints for effective restorative justice models in schools. The NYCDOE will evaluate the funding needed using the money that they currently spend on police presence. Overall, this policy will reduce suspensions and expulsions, improve academic outcomes, and create a safer and more supportive learning environment for all students. Policy Analysis Transformative approaches to school safety have yielded positive results around the country. For example, in Chicago, removing School Resource Officers (SROs) led to a decrease in high-level discipline infractions.10 Schools retaining SROs had a larger proportion of Black students and experienced higher suspension rates. Eliminating these officers would mitigate racial biases and keep more students in school. Furthermore, in Des Moines, Black students were six times more likely to have contact with police than their white counterparts.11 When the Des Moines school board redirected funds from policing to restorative practices, student arrests decreased, and the sense of safety among students increased.12 These initiatives have yielded promising results, including reduced court referrals, reduced suspensions, and