time, for example: hotel, restaurant, taxi, public service vehicle, railway carriage; and/or iii. left in an unattended motor vehicle. 14. To ensure the protection of MOD information whilst remote working: a. Care must be taken to not draw attention to the fact that MOD information is being worked on; b. MOD information shall be viewed only in a way that it cannot be overseen by people who are not authorised. This can be achieved by making sure: i. the area used minimises overlooking and unexpected interruptions from people; ii. a clear desk policy is implemented; iii. devices are locked, or shut down when leaving it unattended for any period of time; iv. devices and document hardcopies are not to be entrusted to the custody of a member of the public who does not hold a security clearance, for example, left with a house/flat co-resident. c. devices holding MOD information and/or MOD information assets shall be stored in a secure location, for example: a cabinet/cupboard/drawer (preferable lockable). Where this is not possible, then a location that is concealed or not obvious shall be used, and if possible devices should be physically secured, for example by using a Ôlaptop lock/cableÕ; a. d. all MOD information assets classified as OFFICIAL with need-to-know restrictions (for example: OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE) in digital forms shall be protected by encryption; e. all MOD information assets and MOD or company devices (provided to you for purposes of remote working) shall be returned to the company and/or MOD once remote working has ceased or disposed of in accordance with MOD and company policy. 15. Physical Site Security. Whilst the majority of the workforce may be remote working, it is important to ensure premises physical security controls shall be maintained. 16. Security Breaches. All confirmed or suspected breaches involving MOD information shall be accurately and quickly reported to your Security Officer, in line with your company procedures, for onward transmission as necessary to DefInd WARP. The report should include details of quantities, location(s), and any handling instructions or need-to-know restrictions. Validity / Expiry Date 17. This ISN will expire when superseded or withdrawn. MOD Point of Contact Details 18. The point of contact in respect of this ISN is: Info & Info-Cyber Policy Team Directorate of Cyber Defence & Risk (CyDR) Ministry of Defence tel: +44-20-721-83746 (PSTN) email: UKStratCom DD-CyDR-InfoCyPol@mod.gov.uk (Multiuser) Industry Security Notice Number 2024/02 dated 12 March 2024 Subject: Advance publication of DEFSTAN 05-138 (Issue 4) [2024] Introduction 1. The purpose of this Industry Security Notice (ISN) is to inform suppliers that a new edition of DEFSTAN 05-138 (version 4) [2024] has been produced and will be made available via STANMIS and placed on relevant MOD webpages shortly. 2. This new edition of DEFSTAN 05-138 is being made available ÔFOR INFORMATION ONLYÕ at this point in time, with the previous DEFSTAN 05-138 (Issue 3) [2021] remaining in effect until such time as this ISN is revoked. Action by Industry 3. Suppliers to UK MOD are advised to note the content