found at: www.gov.uk/claim- compensation-criminal-injury, from the police, your local support service, or by contacting the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority on: 0300 003 3601.30 5.10 Whilst it is outside of the scope of the Code, UK victims injured in terrorist attacks abroad may also be entitled to compensation through the Victims of Overseas Terrorism Compensation Scheme. Further information about applying for compensation can be found at: www.gov.uk/ compensation-victim-terrorist-attack, or by contacting the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority on: 0300 003 3601.30 Civil (non-criminal) compensation 5.11 It may be possible to seek compensation from the suspect or offender outside of the criminal justice process. If you want to consider applying for civil compensation, you should seek legal advice and assistance from a solicitor. Getting legal advice/assistance on claiming compensation 5.12 If you need legal advice and/or assistance you should contact a solicitor. If you are on a low income or benefits you may be able to get Legal Aid to help cover the cost. More information on whether you are eligible for Legal Aid is available at: www.gov.uk/legal-aid 5.13 To find a local solicitor you should contact the Law Society at: www.lawsociety.org.uk 30 Monday Ð Friday, 10:00am Ð 3:00pm 1 Right 6: To be provided with information about the investigation and prosecution 6.1 You have the Right to be told by the police when key decisions on the investigation are made and, where applicable, to have the reasons explained to you within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code) of a suspect being: ? arrested; ? interviewed under caution; ? released without charge; and ? released on police bail or under investigation or if police bail conditions are changed or cancelled. 6.2 If the police decide not to investigate your case, you will be given an explanation of this decision within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code). The police will also offer you a referral to a support service. 6.3 Where the police do investigate your case, they will discuss with you how often you would like to receive updates and your preferred method of contact. You can update your preferences at any time. 6.4 The investigation and decision on whether the case should go to court can take a long time and there may be long periods between key decisions. The police will discuss with you if you would like contact during this time and provide you with contact details if you have any questions during the investigation. 6.5 There may be times when a service provider is unable to provide you with updates and/or use your preferred method of contact, but in these instances, they will tell you why. 6.6 In some cases, the police or the Crown Prosecution Service may decide to deal with the case without taking it to court. This is called an out of court disposal.31 This enables the incident to be dealt with relatively quickly and may