interview must be sufficient for them to make an informed decision and should be consistent with what would be supplied to a person on arrest. This does not, however, extend to supplying detailed information about the investigation that has given rise to the reasonable suspicion.1 Legal Advice A person interviewed voluntary under caution is entitled to legal advice. No effort should be made to dissuade the person from seeking such advice2 and arrangements may be made prior to the interview if practical. Code G is clear that when legal advice has been requested, for a voluntary interview conducted at a police station or elsewhere, the interviewer is responsible for securing its provision without delay by contacting the Defence Solicitors Call Centre (DSCC).3 This means, therefore, that suspects are entitled to legal advice if they are interviewed at home and interviewers should comply 1 PACE Code G, (Note 3). 2 PACE Code C, paragraph 6.4. 3 PACE Code C, paragraph 3.21. with their individual force policy regarding allocation of unique reference numbers for voluntary interviews conducted elsewhere than at a police station. Conducting the Interview An accurate record should be made of the time a voluntary attendee arrives at the police station as this may impact upon custody procedures should their later arrest be necessary during the interview process. When a person attends the police station voluntarily to be interviewed by arrangement, their arrest on arrival at the station prior to interview would only be justified if new information has come to light after the arrangements were made which indicates voluntary attendance has ceased to be a practical alternative, their arrest is necessary and it was not reasonably practicable for the person to be arrested before they attended at the station.4 The revised Code G clarifies the necessity to arrest versus necessity to interview debate which was often influenced by what action to take should the suspect leave the interview before its completion. In these circumstances the police are entitled to consider whether arrest is necessary to carry out or to complete the interview, this is a matter of judgement and will depend on whether the objectives of the interview have already been achieved. As with persons under arrest a pre-interview disclosure briefing (PIB) should be provided to any legal representative prior to interview. The content of the briefing remains a matter for the interviewing officer to be decided on a case-by- case basis. Pre-interview briefings should not be provided to unrepresented suspects at any time, including when making arrangements with suspects for voluntary interviews. The timing of the interview and its objectives in the context of the investigation should significantly influence decision making concerning the status of the interviewee. For example, if the decision is taken not to arrest but to obtain an early voluntary account under caution from the suspect (to focus the enquiry) 4 PACE, Code G, (Note 2G). there may be limited information available to disclose to the suspect, possibly little more than the offence under investigation,