responsibilities and in supporting the agenciesÕ efforts to manage and develop their individual and collective effectiveness. 13.15. Different arrangements apply in Northern Ireland and Scotland; details on the Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework can be found on: http://www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/ ni_civil_contingencies_framework_-_refreshed_september_2011-2.pdf and for Scotland at http://www.scotland.gov.uk/Publications/2007/06/12094636/3 Sharing the load 13.16. The Civil Contingencies Act also empowers responders to: o jointly discharge duties; o identify a lead responder; and/or o delegate delivery of their responsibilities to another organisation. o 13.17. However, when discharging or delegating duties, the partners involved must determine the arrangements that are best suited to their local circumstances and service users needs. Those that opt for these approaches still retain overall responsibility for their duties under the Act. They can delegate but not abdicate (Chapter 2 of Emergency Preparedness: Co-operation explains this in further detail). They must ensure they are effectively represented at LRFs. It is, therefore, vital that when jointly discharging or delegating functions, organisations: o actively engage in resilience work o actively support and challenge each other o ensure high performance standards Support from Local Resilience Forums 13.18. Local Resilience Forums are not legal entities and the duties rest with responders. This does not mean that a forum and its members are powerless to intervene to develop its membersÕ performance. A forumÕs strength rests in the co-operative and team working nature of the relationships between organisations and the trust that the members have built between them. Collectively, forums can give leadership and bring considerable peer pressure and support to bear. 13.19. The forums can help their member organisations to: o develop knowledge, skills, attributes and capacity; o share best practice; o identify issues; o resolve issues; o support the compilation of the community risk register; o plan for emergencies; o o develop systematic, planned and co-ordinated approaches to delivering resilience functions; o work beyond the LRF boundary; and o support the preparation of multi-agency plans. 13.20. They can support their members by encouraging and fostering team-working, co-operation, and bi-lateral arrangements between the member organisations. Forums can also help to broker bi-lateral arrangements. Peer challenge 13.21. Peer review involves the evaluation of an organisation or individualÕs work by others working in the same field. Peer challenge takes this a step further. Formally challenging an individual or organisation, can damage relationships, impede co-operation and/or result in those who are challenged becoming defensive or disengaged. Handling of the approach should be proportionate and diplomatic. 13.22. It is important to identify whether the difficulty lies with the organisation or with the individual. For example, an organisationÕs representative may not have the seniority, or the support from the organisationÕs senior management, to commit resources or direct strategy. (Chapter 5, Emergency Preparedness, provides guidance on senior management engagement). Some responders may need help in engaging their senior managers. 13.1. 13.23. 13.24 13.25. 13.26. When earlier attempts to support an organisation have been rebuffed, a Local Resilience Forum may need to challenge rather than support that organisation. However, representatives of the LRF must take care