local authority, meansÑ (a) an employee of the authority, or (b) a person, or employee or a person, acting on behalf of the authority. Closure orders 80 Power of court to make closure orders (1) Whenever a closure notice is issued an application must be made to a magistrates' court for a closure order (unless the notice has been cancelled under section 78). (2) An application for a closure order must be madeÑ (a) by a constable, if the closure notice was issued by a police officer; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 57 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) by the authority that issued the closure notice, if the notice was issued by a local authority. (3) The application must be heard by the magistrates' court not later than 48 hours after service of the closure notice. (4) In calculating when the period of 48 hours ends, Christmas Day is to be disregarded. (5) The court may make a closure order if it is satisfiedÑ (a) that a person has engaged, or (if the order is not made) is likely to engage, in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, or (b) that the use of the premises has resulted, or (if the order is not made) is likely to result, in serious nuisance to members of the public, or (c) that there has been, or (if the order is not made) is likely to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises, and that the order is necessary to prevent the behaviour, nuisance or disorder from continuing, recurring or occurring. (6) A closure order is an order prohibiting access to the premises for a period specified in the order. The period may not exceed 3 months. (7) A closure order may prohibit accessÑ (a) by all persons, or by all persons except those specified, or by all persons except those of a specified description; (b) at all times, or at all times except those specified; (c) in all circumstances, or in all circumstances except those specified. (8) A closure orderÑ (a) may be made in respect of the whole or any part of the premises; (b) may include provision about access to a part of the building or structure of which the premises form part. (9) The court must notify the relevant licensing authority if it makes a closure order in relation to premises in respect of which a