officer of police by whom the permit was granted, of the theft, loss, destruction or deactivation of any firearm, ammunition or shot gun to which the permit relates; ii. at all times take reasonable precautions to ensure the safe custody of the firearms, ammunition or shot guns to which the permit relates; iii. return the permit to the chief officer of police on or before expiry date; and iv. on written request, return the permit to the chief officer of police without delay. 133 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 15: Registration of firearms dealers 15.1 This chapter covers the following: i. the requirement for the police to keep a register of firearms dealers; ii. the means by which applications to go on the register are considered; iii. the form and conditions of registration; iv. the certificates of registration themselves; v. information on police inspection of those registered; vi. removal from the register; and vii. the requirement placed on dealers to notify transfers. This chapter should be read alongside the Statutory Guidance for Chief Officers of Police. Definition of registered firearms dealer 15.2 A dealer is defined at Section 57(4) of the 1968 Act as a person or a corporate body who, by way of trade or business: manufactures, sells, transfers, repairs, tests or proves firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of that Act applies, or shot guns; or sells or transfers air weapons. Firearms dealers are not authorised to trade in prohibited weapons without the Secretary of StateÕs or Scottish MinisterÕs authority (see paragraphs 15.33 to 15.37). 15.3 If the person trading is a body corporate, that body and not a servant or officer of the company must be registered as a dealer. Failure to do so may result in offences being committed by those who trade with the body corporate. Where the registration is made in the name of an officer or servant of the company, the person registered should be the body corporate. It is important that the status of the applicant be clearly and correctly established and that the correct ÔpersonÕ is properly registered. Statutory requirement to keep a register of firearms dealers 15.4 Under section 33(1) of the 1968 Act, chief officers of police are required to keep in the prescribed form a register of firearms dealers in their area. The prescribed form of register is set out in Part III of Schedule 5 of the Firearms Rules 1998. 134 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Applications to go on the register of firearms dealers 15.5 Section 33(2) requires the chief officer of police to enter in the register the name of any persons (including bodies corporate) who having or proposing to have a place of business in the area, applies to be registered as a firearms dealer unless: (a) they are prohibited by a court under section 45 of the Act from being registered; (b) the chief officer of police is satisfied that they cannot be permitted to carry on business as dealers in