(as applied by sub-paragraph (1)) must be the person nominated by the Secretary of State for that purpose. Protection of anonymity (1) The person in charge of an investigation under section 29D(1), and any other person designated for the purposes of the investigation by virtue of paragraph 1, may not disclose the identity of the whistle-blower or information that might (whether alone or with other information) tend to reveal that identity. Sub-paragraph (1) does not apply to the extent that— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3A – Whistle-blowing investigations: procedure Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 251 the whistle-blower consents to the disclosure of his or her identity or (as the case may be) to the disclosure of information that might tend to reveal it, or the disclosure is authorised by regulations made by the Secretary of State under section 29J. The person in charge of an investigation under section 29D(1) must take all reasonable steps to ensure that, where the identity of the whistle-blower, or information that might tend to reveal that identity, is disclosed for the purposes of the investigation (whether with the consent of the whistle-blower or in accordance with regulations under section 29J), it is not further disclosed without the consent of the person in charge. For the purpose of the duty under sub-paragraph (3), the person in charge may impose such requirements on persons to whom the identity of the whistle-blower, or information that might tend to reveal that identity, is disclosed as are specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purpose of this paragraph. Powers to obtain information etc Paragraphs 19ZA to 19ZC of Schedule 3 apply in relation to an investigation under section 29D(1) as they apply in relation to an investigation under paragraph 19 of that Schedule. Procedure where conduct matter is revealed during investigation (1) If, during the course of an investigation under section 29D(1), [F977the Director General determines] that there is an indication that a person serving with the police (“the person whose conduct is in question”) may have— committed a criminal offence, or behaved in a manner which would justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, [F978the Director General must proceed under sub-paragraph (2)]. [F979(2) The Director General must— prepare a record of the determination, notify the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question of the determination, and send to it a copy of the record of the determination prepared under paragraph (a).] Where the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question is notified under