given to strategies involving engagement with families for reconciliation and repatriation of human remains and involve consultation with HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal, SIO, FLC and Lead Pathologist Senior investigating officer An emergency or major incident will require a criminal investigation. The senior investigating officer (SIO) will assume responsibility for all aspects of that investigation, including liaison with other authorised investigative bodies. The gold commander should consider early appointment of an SIO. A police SIO is required to: perform the role of oﬃcer in charge of an investigation, as described in the Code of Practice under Part II of the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 , and be accountable to chief oﬃcers for conducting the investigation develop and implement the investigative strategy develop the information management and decision-making systems for the investigation manager the investigations' health, safety, welfare and wellbeing issues, as well as allocated resources (people, finance an equipment) The relationship between the SIO and the SIM is crucial for effectively managing any DVI or mass fatality incident. They should agree terms of reference soon after their appointments and should determine the actual relationship and reporting structure, taking into account the incident’s relevant circumstances. The designated strategic commander can ratify the SIO and SIM’s relationship, agreeing the command structure, and present these to the strategic coordination group (SCG). This enables all strategic and tactical commanders in the police service and partner agencies to understand where responsibilities lie. Once agreed, the strategic commander, SIO and SIM should sign the terms of reference . The SIO and SIM must record any changes to the terms of reference in a policy log entry. HM coroner or procurator fiscal HM coroner or procurator fiscal in Scotland are responsible for chairing the identification commission, where the identity of the deceased is confirmed. HM coroner or procurator fiscal conduct an inquest into the death of a person in their area, where they have reasonable cause to suspect that the deceased has died: a violent or unnatural death a sudden death of which the cause is unknown in prison, police custody or other state detention It is HM coroner or procurator fiscal's responsibility to establish the deceased’s identity, as well as how, when and where the death occurred. They have the power to: take lawful possession, control and care of the deceased person or human remains from when the death is reported until all enquiries are complete. HM coroner or procurator fiscal are required to release the body as soon as reasonably practical authorise removing the deceased from their place of death to a mortuary for a full post-mortem examination Procurator fiscal In Scotland, the Lord Advocate is the Head of the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service. They are the public official responsible for prosecuting crime. They are also responsible for investigating all sudden, suspicious and unexplained deaths. Supported by procurators fiscal, in circumstances where a death is sudden, suspicious or unexplained, the Lord Advocate will investigate the death and seek to establish the