or try to ensure that the time away from work is kept to a minimum. Where the appointment can only be achieved in working time these absences should not be recorded as sick leave and the time should be made up. Non-Routine / Specialist Appointments of less than one day For specialist & hospital appointments of less than one day, paid time off will be given to individuals for identification/diagnosis and preventative screening processes. Staff are expected to minimise their time away from duty and Line Managers may request sight of a letter or appointment card pertaining to the absence. Non - Routine / Specialist / Hospital Appointments of one day or more For non-routine hospital appointments that are likely to last a day or more, the time should be recorded as sick leave, as the individual is unavailable for duty due to reasons related to their health. However, the line manager should identify the sickness absence appropriately within the sickness absence system, i.e. if the absence is attributable to treatment related to a disability or on- going health issue. Line managers may request sight of a letter or appointment card from their staff member pertaining to this occasion of sickness absence. If the staff member or line manager believe that similar absences may be necessary for the staff member to undergo further on-going treatment, advice from the People Services Centre should be sought to ensure consistency and fair treatment. Subject to the exigencies of duty, wherever possible staff requiring such non-routine appointments should have a reasonable period between the conclusion of a tour of duty and the appointment time (i.e. unless there are exceptional circumstances they should not work a night shift prior to going direct to such an appointment) RESERVED ARMED FORCES Members of the reserved armed forces may use their paid annual leave entitlement to carry out their duties, provided they comply with the provisions relating to paid annual leave. Members are expected to use their annual leave before applying for further time off. Further time off relating to membership of the reserved armed forces will only be granted at the absolute discretion of the Force and there is not statutory entitlement to be paid for this leave. Individuals must advise RMU in order that the abstraction can be recorded on GRS. OTHER LEAVE UNPAID LEAVE Unpaid leave may be taken at the discretion of the Head of Department and in consultation with RMU, up to a maximum of 20 working days (160 hours) for an officer and 20 working days (148 hours) for a member of police staff (pro-rated for part-time) in any one leave year. It will normally only be authorised when the individual has exhausted their paid leave entitlement. Individuals must advise RMU in order that the abstraction can be recorded on GRS. Payroll must also be notified so that appropriate adjustments to pay can be made. Please be aware that taking Unpaid Leave will impact your pensionable service. Any period of unpaid leave