Our executive team modified existing data col- lection processes and also mandated the collection of new data. Changes in data collection instruments and practices resulted in new data generated during traffic and pedestrian stops, during the citizen complaint process, through the review and cataloging of BWC footage, during potential use-of-force encounters (e.g., when officers draw their Tasers or firearms but do not deploy them), along with multiple citizen and officer surveys. Each of these data collection changes required an accompanying change in policy, training, and supervisory oversight to ensure that the data were being properly collected and used. The uCPD is now in a better position to test specific propositions about the effectiveness of our own reform efforts. Based on these experiences, we believe that our best chance to reduce officer-involved shootings is working at the local (agency) level by building and sharing capacity for EBP and testing to determine what works. given the realities of policing, as new policies are introduced and officer training advances, police executives must take it upon themselves to consider how they might evaluate these practices to understand the effects on their agency, including partnering with researchers when their expertise is needed. unfortunately, with the exception of a handful of progressive police agencies, this type of testing is rare. Nevertheless, as the EBP movement continues to gain acceptance, a tipping point in the profession is likely to occur. Similar to the impact in medicine and other disciplines, the acceptance of evidence-based practices should ultimately propel the proliferation and dissemination of research in policing. For this change to come to light, however, policing researchers, as a profes- sion, must also do better. We must develop the infrastructure to provide a rapid research response to the most pressing issues in policing. Currently, our approaches to research are too slow, and the topics selected for examination are too limited. The scientific evaluation of training and technical assistance within law enforcement must be recognized as a worthwhile area of research, deserving dedication of time and resources. A faster and more relevant research response will require the establishment of fully collaborative police-academic partnerships (Engel and Henderson 2013; Engel and Whalen 2010). Academics must step away from the ivory tower to take a seat at the table with police agencies and, simultaneously, police agencies must be gracious hosts. In sum, we must work together to build the evidence base necessary to better guide police agencies in their reform efforts. In the specific case of police use of force, facilitating the transition from “best practice” to evidence-based practice through research has the potential to reduce officer and citizen injuries and fatalities. In the collective, such research will fill a tremendous gap in knowledge, informing the field on successful models and overall effectiveness to better direct the national conversa- tions surrounding policing and police reform. Notes Prior to the criminal trials, the university settled a civil rights and wrongful death claim with DuBose’s family valued at $5.3 million. Tensing ultimately settled a union