the order if— the order was made on the ground that the first or second condition in section 47B was met but proceedings for the offence mentioned in that condition have not been started within a reasonable time, the order was made on the ground that the third or fourth condition in section 47B was met but proceedings for the offence mentioned in that condition have now been concluded, the order was made on the ground that the fifth, sixth or seventh condition in section 47B was met but the application mentioned in that condition has now been concluded or, as the case may be, has not been made within a reasonable time. An order made under section 47M lapses if a restraint order is made in respect of the property to which it relates (but provision authorising detention of the property may have been included in the restraint order by virtue of section 41A). 47O Appeals If on an application for an order under section 47M the magistrates' court decides not to make an order, a person mentioned in subsection (3) of that section may appeal to the Crown Court against the decision. If an application is made under section 47N in relation to an order the following persons may appeal to the Crown Court in respect of the magistrates' court's decision on the application— a person mentioned in section 47M(3), or any person affected by the order. 47P Detention of property pending section 47O appeal This section applies where— an application for an order under section 47M is made within the period mentioned in section 47J, and the application is refused. This section also applies where— an order is made under section 47M extending the period for which property may be detained under section 47J, and the order is discharged or varied so that detention of the property is no longer authorised by virtue of the order. 54 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against the decision to refuse the application or discharge or vary the order (as the case may be). 47Q Hearsay evidence in detention order proceedings Evidence must not be excluded in detention order proceedings on the ground that it is hearsay (of whatever degree). Sections 2 to 4 of the Civil Evidence Act 1995 apply in relation to detention order proceedings as those sections apply in relation to civil proceedings. Detention order proceedings are proceedings— for an