functions of the Office. (2) That includesÑ (a) entering into contracts and other agreements (whether legally binding or not); (b) acquiring and disposing of property (including land); (c) borrowing money. (3) This paragraph is subject to the other provisions of this Act and to any other enactment about the powers of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. Protection from personal liability 8 (1) A person who is the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the exercise of the functions of the office unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in good faith. (2) A person who is a member of staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the carrying out of duties as a member of staff unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in good faith. Financial year 9 (1) The first financial year of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime is the period thatÑ 1 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 167 (a) begins with the day on which section 3 comes into force, and (b) ends with the relevant 31 March. (2) After that, the financial year of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime is the period of 12 months ending with 31 March. (3) In this paragraph Òrelevant 31 MarchÓ, in relation to the first financial year of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, meansÑ (a) if that financial year begins on or before 1 October, the first 31 March that falls after the beginning of the financial year; (b) if that financial year begins after 1 October, the second 31 March that falls after the beginning of the financial year. SCHEDULE 4 Section 4 COMMISSIONER OF POLICE OF THE METROPOLIS Civilian staff 1 (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must appoint a person to be responsible for the proper administration of the metropolitan police force's financial affairs (referred to in this Part as the metropolitan police force's chief finance officer). (2) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may appoint such other staff as the Commissioner thinks appropriateÑ (a) to enable the Commissioner to exercise the Commissioner's functions, or (b) otherwise to assist the metropolitan police force. (3) Section 113 of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 applies to the chief finance officer of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis as it applies to the persons having responsibility for the administration of financial affairs mentioned in that section. 2 (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must