Òthe Crown CourtÓ there is substituted Ò a county court Ó. (3) In subsection (2), for Òthe Crown CourtÓ there is substituted Ò the county court Ó. (4) For subsection (3) there is substitutedÑ Ò(3) Any order made by a county court on an appeal under subsection (1)(a) or (b) (other than an order directing that an application be re-heard by a court of summary jurisdiction) is for the purposes of section 125(7) or 126(5) (respectively) to be treated as if it were an order of the court from which the appeal was brought (and not an order of the county court).Ó 74 (1) Section 128 (offence: breach of RSHO or interim RSHO) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, after Òinterim RSHOÓ there is inserted Ò etc Ó. (3) For subsections (1) and (1A) there is substitutedÑ Ò(1) A person who, without reasonable excuse, does anything that the person is prohibited from doing byÑ Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 261 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) a risk of sexual harm order, (b) an interim risk of sexual harm order, (c) a sexual risk order, (d) an interim sexual risk order, (e) an order under section 2 of the Protection of Children and Prevention of Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2005 (risk of sexual harm orders in Scotland), or (f) an order under section 5 of that Act (interim risk of sexual harm orders in Scotland), commits an offence.Ó 75 (1) Section 129 (effect of conviction etc of an offence under section 128) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, after Òsection 128Ó there is inserted Ò etc Ó. (3) In subsection (1A)(a), after Òan offence under sectionÓ there is inserted Ò 122H or Ó. (4) For subsection (5) there is substitutedÑ Ò(5) In this section Òrelevant orderÓ meansÑ (a) where the conviction, finding or caution within subsection (1) is in respect of a breach of a risk of sexual harm order or a sexual risk order, that order; (b) where the conviction, finding or caution within subsection (1) is in respect of a breach of an interim risk of sexual harm order or an interim sexual risk order, any risk of sexual harm order or sexual risk order made on the hearing of the application to which the interim order relates or, if no such order is made, the interim order. (6) In subsection (5)Ñ Òrisk of sexual harm orderÓ includes an order under section 2 of the Protection of Children and Prevention