a way in which he could have been dealt with by the person who made the decision. (6) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (3) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (7) In this section Òan appeals tribunalÓ means a tribunal constituted in accordance with regulations under subsection (3) above.Ó (3) In section 1 of that Act (establishment of Ministry of Defence Police), for subsection (5) there shall be substitutedÑ (1) 130 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 Ð The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(5) The Secretary of State shall appoint a committee, to be known as the Ministry of Defence Police CommitteeÑ (a) to advise him with respect to such matters concerning the Ministry of Defence Police as he may from time to time require; and (b) to exercise such other functions as may be conferred on it by or under this Act; and the Secretary of State may make regulations concerning the membership and the procedure of the Committee.Ó (4) After section 6 of that Act there shall be insertedÑ Ò6A Powers to make regulations Any power of the Secretary of State under this Act to make regulations shall include power to make different provision for different purposes.Ó 80 Functions of inspectors of constabulary Before section 5 of the Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 (c. 4) there shall be insertedÑ Ò4B Functions of inspectors of constabulary (1) The inspectors of constabulary shall inspect, and report to the Secretary of State on, the efficiency and effectiveness of the Ministry of Defence Police. (2) The Secretary of State may at any time require the inspectors of constabulary to carry out an inspection under this section of the Ministry of Defence Police and to report to him on that inspection. (3) A requirement under subsection (2) may include a requirement for the inspection to be confined to a particular part of the Ministry of Defence Police, to particular matters or to particular activities of the Ministry of Defence Police. (4) The inspectors of constabulary shall carry out such other duties for the purposes of furthering the efficiency and effectiveness of the Ministry of Defence Police as the Secretary of State may from time to time direct. (5) Before carrying out any inspection by virtue of subsection (1) in Scotland, the inspectors of constabulary shall consult the Scottish inspectors with respect to the scope and conduct of the proposed inspection. (6) In this sectionÑ