order has effect. (9) An expedited order may not be made in relation to a public place if that place (or any part of it) is or has been the subject of an expedited order (Òthe earlier orderÓ), unless the period specified in subsection (11) has expired. (10) In subsection (9) the second reference to Òan expedited orderÓ is to be read as including a reference to a public spaces protection order (made after the day on which this section comes into force) which neither prohibited nor required anything that could not have been prohibited or required by an expedited order. (11) The period specified in this subsection is the period of a year beginning with the day on which the earlier order ceased to have effect. (12) An expedited order must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. (13) For the purposes of subsection (2), a public place that is coextensive with, includes, or is wholly or partly within, a school or site is regarded as being Òin the vicinity ofÓ that school or site. (14) In this section references to a ÒschoolÓ are to be read as including a 16 to 19 Academy. (15) In this section Òtest and trace servicesÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, services of the programme known as NHS Test and Trace; (b) in relation to Wales, services of the programme known as Test, Trace, Protect.Ó (3) After section 60 insertÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 93 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò60A Duration of expedited orders (1) An expedited order may not have effect for a period of more than 6 months. (2) Subject to subsection (1), the local authority that made an expedited order may, before the time when the order is due to expire, extend the period for which the order has effect if satisfied on reasonable grounds that doing so is necessary to preventÑ (a) occurrence or recurrence after that time of the activities identified in the order, or (b) an increase in the frequency or seriousness of those activities after that time. (3) Where a local authority has made an expedited order, the authority may, at any time before the order is due to expire, reduce the period for which the order is to have effect if satisfied on reasonable grounds that the reduced period will be sufficient having regard to the degree of risk of an occurrence, recurrence or increase such as is mentioned