Schedule and the National Police ChiefsÕ Council Retention Schedules where applicable. Risk Management Information management risks will be considered, and appropriate mitigations implemented, whenever significant changes are made to Force processes or systems. Where personal data is being processed, this will require the completion of a Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA). 3. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Overall responsibility for Information Management rests with the Chief Constable as Data Controller for the Force and the Police and Crime Commissioner for the OPCC. The Senior Information Risk Owner (SIRO) holds responsibility for overseeing all central functions for Information Management and for making strategic decisions in regard to information risks across Wiltshire Police and OPCC, particularly when there is a potential conflict between operational and security requirements. The term Information Asset Owner (IAO) is used for the corresponding function at project, programme or organisational unit level. Where appropriate, senior business leaders will be appointed as IAOs to provide governance and oversight for significant information assets. They are responsible for ensuring this information is managed in accordance with this policy and are accountable for the confidentiality, integrity and availability of their information asset. The Information Governance Strategy Board (IGSB) is the governance authority that commissions and approves all activities, policies, standards and guidelines in support of the Wiltshire Police/OPCC Information Strategy. The Head of Information Management & Assurance / DSIRO has responsibility for maintaining all information policies and ensuring that risks to the ForcesÕ information are appropriately managed. The Data Protection Officer (DPO) responsibilities include; monitoring internal compliance with DP legislation, informing and advising on data protection obligations, providing advice regarding Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIAs), acting as a contact point for data subjects and the Information CommissionerÕs Office (ICO). The Force Records Manager and the Force Operations Manager, Justice are responsible for the provision of advice in relation to records management and leadership in the maintenance and development of records management facilities, standards and practices in order to secure the ForceÕs compliance with records management legislation and guidance. The Force Disclosure Unit provides services and advice in relation to information sharing and disclosure under the Data Protection and the Freedom of Information Acts. All Managers and supervisors have responsibility to ensure their staff is aware of, and adhere to, policies and procedures relating to information management and the appropriate use of information systems. They are also responsible for identifying any local risks relating to information and escalating them if appropriate, in accordance with the Information Risk Management Policy. Expectation of all staff All those who access and use Force information are responsible and accountable for the information they handle whether on computers, on paper, or through the spoken word. Training determined through agreement with Learning and Development and IAOs must be completed and all must be familiar with the requirements of this policy, and relevant procedures and standards. Supporting SOPs and Guidance While the intention of this Information Management Policy is to provide clear and concise direction, considerably more detail is necessary to provide