number as a “unique identifier” because it does not change as they migrate.4 As such, ensuring the IMC’s support in using this information and physician contact details to organize outreach is critical. In particular, obtaining encouragement from the IMC’s Registration and Continuing Practice Committee could facilitate the fastest possible implementation of the program.7 In addition, one avenue to ensure the aforementioned training bodies’ support could be to contact the Forum of Irish Postgraduate Medical Training Bodies, which could promote the policy to all such bodies together.1 In particular, establishing a connection with the Forum Trainee Subcommittee, which aims to improve the “standards of postgraduate training,” would be beneficial.8 As this subcommittee distributes information to trainees across all bodies, promoting the program through its avenues could increase awareness among trainees and encourage their future engagement with the outreach. Engagement with the aforementioned organizations will most likely lead to engagement with clinical sites. The first step of implementing this policy will be engaging with these four critical organizations which collaborate on DIME. Upon their approval, the NDTP should create the outreach program for CSCSTs abroad. Personnel involved in DIME would assume the extra responsibility of keeping the contact information of CSCSTs abroad up to date and maintaining connections with them. For updates on available consultant positions that CSCSTs may apply to, DIME administrators would coordinate with the Consultants Division of the NDTP, which regulates such job postings.9 At the same time, all four organizations would contribute updates on improvements in workplace conditions. As the NDTP monitors the DIME database for workforce planning, it should also monitor the recruitment campaign’s targets and conduct surveys of those who return to Ireland to determine whether the outreach influenced their decision. If personnel involved in DIME at the NDTP determine the workload associated with the recruitment program requires more support, they should form a CSCST Recruitment Committee with members across the organizations that contribute to DIME. This committee, led by the NDTP personnel who would initially establish the recruitment program, would communicate with CSCSTs abroad and conduct the return surveys to determine the program’s effectiveness. The committee would also continue to develop the program as new ideas arise. With support from the organizations which collaborate to maintain the DIME database, the NDTP can introduce and monitor an outreach program to increase the return and retention rates of physicians who move abroad after obtaining their CSCSTs in Ireland. Works Cited OECD. 2019. “The Irish paradox: Doctor shortages despite high numbers of domestic and foreign medical graduates.” Recent Trends in International Migration of Doctors, Nurses and Medical Students. (pp. 67-87). OECD Publishing, Paris. https://doi.org/10.1787/ef8dbec2- en. Department of Health, Government of Ireland. 2017. “Working Together for Health: A National Strategic Framework for Health and Social Care Workforce Planning.” (p. 10, 32, 33, 93, 111). https://www.gov.ie/en/publication/f 303a9-working-together-for-health- a-national-strategic-framework-for- healt/?referrer=https://www.health. gov.ie/wp- content/uploads/2018/04/Working- Together-Report.pdf. Brugha, Ruairi, Frances Cronin, Nick Clarke, and RCSI Health Workforce Research Group. 2018. “Retaining Our Doctors Medical Workforce Evidence, 2013-18. Full Report.” Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland.