a local policing body or a chief officer makes a response under this paragraph, the body or officer must, at the time the Commission publishes the response, also publish the response (to the same extent as published by the Commission) and the recommendation under paragraph 28A. (11) For the purposes of this paragraphÑ (a) ÒdisclosingÓ a response means sending a copy of it as mentioned in sub-paragraph (5)(b); (b) the period during which judicial review proceedings are in progress includes any day on which an appeal is in progress or may be brought.Ó Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 123 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Chief officers of police and local policing bodies 140 Appointment of chief officers of police (1) Paragraph 2 of Schedule 8 to the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (appointment of chief constables) is amended as follows. (2) In sub-paragraph (1)(a), for Òis, or has been, a constable in any part of the United KingdomÓ there is substituted Ò is eligible for appointment Ó. (3) After sub-paragraph (1) there is insertedÑ Ò(1A) A person is eligible for appointment if the person is or has beenÑ (a) a constable in any part of the United Kingdom, or (b) a police officer in an approved overseas police force, of at least the approved rank. (1B) An Òapproved overseas police forceÓ is a police force whichÑ (a) is in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom designated by regulations made by the Secretary of State, and (b) is designated in relation to that country or territory by the regulations. (1C) The Òapproved rankÓ for an approved overseas police force is the rank which is designated as the approved rank for that police force by the regulations. (1D) The College of Policing must recommend to the Secretary of State matters to be designated under this paragraph. (1E) The Secretary of State may make regulations under this paragraph only if they give effect to a recommendation under sub-paragraph (1D).Ó (4) Section 42 of that Act (appointment of Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis) is amended as follows. (5) In subsection (3), for Òis, or has been, a constable in any part of the United KingdomÓ there is substituted Ò is eligible for appointment Ó. (6) After subsection (3) there is insertedÑ Ò(3A) A person is eligible for appointment if the person is or has beenÑ (a) a constable in any part of