for the provision of services relating to the detention or escort of persons who have been arrested or are otherwise in custody. The chief officer of police of the police force maintained by that [F421local policing body] may designate any person who is an employee of the contractor as either or both of the following— a detention officer; or an escort officer. A person designated under this section shall have the powers and duties conferred or imposed on him by the designation. A chief officer of police shall not designate a person under this section unless he is satisfied that that person— is a suitable person to carry out the functions for the purposes of which he is designated; is capable of effectively carrying out those functions; and has received adequate training in the carrying out of those functions and in the exercise and performance of the powers and duties to be conferred on him by virtue of the designation. A chief officer of police shall not designate a person under this section unless he is satisfied that the contractor is a fit and proper person to supervise the carrying out of the functions for the purposes of which that person is designated. Powers and duties may be conferred or imposed on a designated person by means only of the application to him by his designation of provisions of the applicable Part of Schedule 4 that are to apply to the designated person; and for this purpose the applicable Part of that Schedule is— in the case of a person designated as a detention officer, Part 3; and in the case of a person designated as an escort officer, Part 4. An employee of the contractor authorised or required to do anything by virtue of a designation under this section— shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of that employment; and shall be so authorised or required subject to such restrictions and conditions (if any) as may be specified in his designation. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 95 Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Where any power exercisable by any person in reliance on his designation under this section is a power which, in the case of its exercise by a constable, includes or is supplemented by a power to use reasonable force, any person exercising that power in reliance on that designation shall have the same entitlement as a