authority, it must consult that other authority if it thinks it appropriate to do so. [F26(3B) Where a local authority proposes to make an expedited order restricting the public right of way over a highway that is also within the area of another local authority it must, if it thinks appropriate to do so, consult that other authority before, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, making the order.] (4) A public spaces protection order [F27or expedited order] may not restrict the public right of way over a highway for the occupiers of premises adjoining or adjacent to the highway. (5) A public spaces protection order [F28or expedited order] may not restrict the public right of way over a highway that is the only or principal means of access to a dwelling. (6) In relation to a highway that is the only or principal means of access to premises used for business or recreational purposes, a public spaces protection order [F29or expedited order] may not restrict the public right of way over the highway during periods when the premises are normally used for those purposes. (7) A public spaces protection order [F30or expedited order] that restricts the public right of way over a highway may authorise the installation, operation and maintenance of a barrier or barriers for enforcing the restriction. (8) A local authority may install, operate and maintain barriers authorised under subsection (7). (9) A highway over which the public right of way is restricted by a public spaces protection order [F31or expedited order] does not cease to be regarded as a highway by reason of the restriction (or by reason of any barrier authorised under subsection (7)). (10) In this sectionÑ ÒdwellingÓ means a building or part of a building occupied, or intended to be occupied, as a separate dwelling; ÒhighwayÓ has the meaning given by section 328 of the Highways Act 1980. 42 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 65 Categories of highway over which public right of way may not be restricted (1) A public spaces protection order [F32or an expedited order] may not restrict the public right of way over a highway that isÑ (a) a special road; (b) a trunk road; (c) a classified or principal road; (d) a strategic road; (e) a highway in England of a description prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State; (f) a highway in Wales of a description prescribed by