if— a bankruptcy order has been made against him or his estate has been sequestrated or he has made a composition or arrangement with, or granted a trust deed for, his creditors; he is subject to a disqualification order under the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986 (c. 46) or Part 2 of the Companies (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989 2404 (N.I. 18)), or to an order made under section 429(2)(b) of the Insolvency Act 1986 (c. 45) (failure to pay under county court administration order); or within the period of five years before, or at any time on or after, the date of his appointment he has been convicted in any part of the British Islands of an offence in respect of which he was sentenced to imprisonment for a period of three months or more. Where a person is disqualified under sub-paragraph (1)(a) by reason that a bankruptcy order has been made against him or his estate has been sequestrated, the disqualification shall cease to have effect— in the case of the bankruptcy order being annulled or the sequestration of his estate being recalled or reduced, on the date of that event; and in any other case, on his obtaining a discharge. Where a person is disqualified under sub-paragraph (1)(a) by reason of his having made a composition or arrangement with, or granted a trust deed for, his creditors, the disqualification shall cease to have effect— in the case of his paying his debts in full, on the date on which the payment is completed; and in any other case, at the end of the period of five years beginning with the date on which the terms of the deed of composition or arrangement or trust deed are fulfilled. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)(c)— the date of a conviction shall be taken to be the ordinary date on which the period allowed for making an appeal or application expires or, if an appeal or application is made, the date on which the appeal or application is finally disposed of or abandoned or fails by reason of its non-prosecution; a sentence of imprisonment for any term the whole or any part of which is suspended shall be taken to be a sentence of imprisonment for the whole term. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) SCHEDULE 3 Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or 141 before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Subject to paragraphs 3(1) and 5 to 7 a person shall