probationary member has satisfactorily completed a course in the safe handling and use of firearms, he/she must be supervised at all times when in possession of firearms or ammunition by either the range officer, a full member of the club, or someone who is a coach with a qualification recognised by the governing bodies (see notes 14 and 15) . the probationary period may be waived, at the clubÕs discretion, for someone who is already a full member of another club which has been approved by the Secretary of State or Scottish Government in respect of the same type or types of firearm; or holds a Firearm Certificate; or has handled firearms in the course of his/her duty in the police or the armed services, and has a statement from his/her existing or former senior/commanding officer saying that he/she is fully trained in handling the type of firearms in respect of which the club has obtained approval and is able to use them safely without supervision (see notes 14 and 17) . the club never has more probationary members than full members unless the Secretary of State determines that there are special circumstances which justify a greater number of probationary members (see note 18) . there is nothing else that would make the club unsuitable for approval. If approval is granted, the approval will be subject to a set of standard conditions which will reflect the approval criteria listed above. In certain cases, the Secretary of State may attach further specific conditions to a clubÕs approval. Notes on the criteria . All notifications should be sent to the police firearms licensing department through whom approval was granted. There is no requirement to report guest membership under the procedures for guest day attendance. . The club must be a genuine rifle and/or muzzle-loading pistol club set up for the purpose of target shooting. The constitution of the club should implement the conditions of approval. . Club officers must be people who are not disqualified from possessing a firearm. . Club officers should be aware of firearms laws relevant to the membership of the club and make their best efforts to ensure that all members continue to be persons of good character. Police firearms licensing departments should not be asked to disclose whether or not someone has a criminal record. Prospective members should not be required to apply for a firearm or shotgun certificate as a means of determining Ôgood characterÕ. The police will not normally grant a certificate to somebody who is only a probationary member of a club. . The liaison officer should normally be a member of the club committee. He or she should establish contact with the local police firearms licensing officer and decide between them how information should be supplied and with what frequency. They should also set up a system so that the liaison officer can contact the firearms licensing officer as necessary and vice versa. See further guidance on the role and responsibilities of club