the custody officer must: review the risk assessment, custody record and attachments review medical notes complete a PER/dPER form (which should be accompanied as a minimum by the detainee medical assessment form (450), and the detainee medication form (450a), under confidential cover, if the detainee is being transferred to hospital) prepare the detainee check the detainee’s property and consider authorising an additional search where necessary ensure the detainee has appropriate clothing check that the detainee has access to sufficient medication for their transfer consider whether restraint is necessary and the appropriate level of restraint consider the number of detainees being transferred Back to Detention and custody overview Tags Detention and custody Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police (Detention and Bail) Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Police (Detention and Bail) Act 2011 2011 CHAPTER 9 An Act to make provision about the calculation of certain periods of time for the purposes of Part 4 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984. [12th July 2011] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— Amendment of Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 In section 47 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (bail after arrest), in subsection (6), at the end insert “and any time during which he was on bail shall not be so included”. In section 34 of that Act (limitations on police detention), in subsection (7), at the end insert— “But this subsection is subject to section 47(6) (which provides for the calculation of certain periods, where a person has been granted bail under this Part, by reference to time when the person is in police detention only).” The amendments made by subsections (1) and (2) are deemed always to have had effect. Extent and short title This Act extends to England and Wales only. This Act may be cited as the Police (Detention and Bail) Act 2011. 2 Police (Detention and Bail) Act 2011 (c. 9) Document Generated: 2024-05-05 24/03/2025 Devolved nations https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/civil-contingencies/devolved-nations Page Devolved nations This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 3 April 2024 Civil contingencies 5 mins read The devolved nations inform central government in the same way as local resilience forums (LRFs) to ensure coordination and to maintain an accurate national common recognised information picture (CRIP). This section describes emergency preparedness and planning arrangements in the devolved nations, where they differ from UK government and local arrangements in England. It also outlines how Part 1 of the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 (CCA) and its associated regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. More detail on the specific duties under the Act and how they apply in the devolved administrations can be found in Emergency preparedness. Emergency preparedness in Wales North