applies whereÑ (2) 114 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the regulations would affect officers who are not above the rank of chief superintendent as well as those who are, and (b) the Department of Justice thinks that it would be preferable for the matter to be considered by the same body. (5) The duty to consider advice from the Senior Salaries Review Body or to refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body does not apply if Department of Justice considers thatÑ (a) there is not enough time to do so because the need to make the regulations is so urgent, or (b) it is unnecessary to do so by reason of the nature of the proposed regulations. (6) In all cases, before making the regulations the Department of Justice shall supply a draft of them to, and consider any representations made byÑ (a) the Board, (b) the Police Association, and (c) the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. (7) The Department of Justice may by order amend this section in consequence of a change in the name or functions of the body for the time being specified in subsection (3)(a).Ó (3) In section 41 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 2000 (police trainees and police reserve trainees)Ñ (a) at the end of subsection (6) there is inserted Ò, other than regulations to which subsection (8) appliesÓ; (b) after that subsection there is insertedÑ Ò(7) Subsection (8) applies to regulations under subsection (3), concerning police trainees, on a matter that relates toÑ (a) hours of duty, (b) leave, (c) pay and allowances, or (d) the issue, use and return of equipment. (8) Before making any such regulations the Department of Justice shallÑ (a) (subject to subsection (9)) refer the matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body under section 64B(3) of the Police Act 1996 and consider that body's report on the matter, and (b) supply a draft of the regulations to, and consider any representations made byÑ (i) the Board, (ii) the Police Association, and (iii) the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. (9) The duty in subsection (8)(a) does not apply if the Department of Justice considers thatÑ (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document