of POCA. 50. The written record must, in relation to each requirement, include: • a copy of the order or warrant and copies of notices given under an order; • a copy of the application for the order or warrant; • the date on which the order, warrant or notice was served together with any proof of service or the date on which the warrant was executed; • the date of receipt of, and reason for any request for, an extension of the time allowed to comply with the order or notice; • the decision in respect of any such request and the date on which it was notified to the subject of the order or notice or their solicitor; • the date and place that the information or documents were received in response to the order; and • a copy of any receipts provided in accordance with the provisions of this Code. Retention of documents and information 51. If documents, material or information are provided which were not required to be provided under the terms of the order or notice, no account must be taken of that document or information in the investigation and it should be returned to the person who provided it. 52. Appropriate officers and appropriate pe r s on s should follow established local procedures on the retention and return of documents, material and information. Intelligence that arises during the appropriate officerÕs investigation may be passed to the NCA, police, HMRC and/or other departments and agencies (provided t h e a p p r o p r i a t e o f f i c e r i s s a t i s f i e d t h a t there is a legal basis in place either in statute or 1. common law for the passing of information between those bodies for that purpose). Variation and discharge applications 53. Where an appropriate officer applies to the court to vary or discharge an order or warrant made under Chapter 2 of Part 8 of POCA, they should, as far as is practicable, follow the same procedure as for the original application. 54. There is no requirement for the same appropriate officer to make the variation or discharge application but if it is a different officer, that officer should be in a position to explain the genuine change of circumstances. The respondent should be notified of an application to vary or discharge an order and be given the opportuntity to be represented at the hearing. 1. Production Orders in Civil Recovery Investigations 55. Persons to whom this part of the Code applies should familiarise themselves with the introduction section which sets out general instructions relating to all the orders and warrants. Definition 56. A production order is an order which may be served on any person or institution, for example a financial institution, requiring the production of, or allowing access to, material within the time specified in the order; this might include documents