or have been, taken seriously in their reports because of the way that they communicated them. Speech, language, and communication needs can be a risk factor and are often hidden. They can result from lifelong or acquired conditions and for children and young people they may be part of a special educational need or disability. Speech, language, and communication services for children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities are covered by joint commissioning arrangements set out in the Special Educational Needs and Disabilities Code of Practice,109 which brings education, health and local authorities, and Youth Offending Teams together to assess needs and agree a local offer. Joint commissioning gives agencies the opportunity to consider the wider factors and interdependencies, such as domestic abuse, and design services accordingly. For more information on special education needs and disabilities, and the impact on children expressing their feelings see the ‘Impact on children’ section of the guidance. Organisations and agencies should give consideration to communication in its broadest sense. There is a need to understand the communication environment and the various barriers which may prevent information, thoughts and ideas from being put across, received and understood successfully. Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity LGBT victims can have a similar experience of domestic abuse to heterosexual victims. CSEW data for the year ending March 2020 suggests that LGBT victims were more likely to report being victims of domestic abuse. 8.4% of gay men and lesbian women were victims of domestic abuse in the previous year, as were 15.2% of bisexuals.110 This compares to 5.2% of heterosexual respondents.111 109 The code, which applies to England, is for: headteachers and principals, governing bodies, school and college staff, special educational needs and disability (SEND) co-ordinators, early years providers, other education settings, local authorities and health and social services staff. 110 There is currently no nationally representative data on prevalence of domestic abuse for trans victims. 111 ONS. Domestic abuse victim characteristics, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data from year ending March 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Whilst there are many similarities between heterosexual and LGBT people’s experiences of domestic abuse, LGBT victims may also experience abuse of power and control closely associated with having their sexuality, gender identity or gender reassignment used against them. This may include the following abusive behaviours: Threats of disclosure of sexual orientation and gender reassignment to family, friends, work colleagues, community and others; Disclosing gender identity history, sexual orientation or HIV status without consent; Limiting or controlling access to LGBT spaces or resources; Using immigration law to threaten with deportation to the country of origin, which might be unsafe, due to, for example, anti-gay legislation; and Violent physical or sexual acts motivated by beliefs about an individual’s sexual orientation or gender identity. As with all victims, it is important that LGBT people are not viewed as a homogenous group. Abuse disclosed by lesbian women may be different to that of bisexual and trans women. Equally,