Designs and Patents Act 1988; 134 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 8 – Miscellaneous Chapter 2 – Other Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “television programmes” has the meaning given by section 405 of the Communications Act 2003. The Secretary of State may by order provide for further exceptions from the prohibition on importation of weapons under section 141ZB. Orders under this section are to be made by statutory instrument. A statutory instrument containing an order under this section may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. Expressions used in this section and in section 141 have the same meaning in this section as in that section. 141ZD Prohibition on importation of offensive weapons: burdens of proof This section applies for the purposes of proceedings for an offence under the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 relating to a weapon the importation of which is prohibited by section 141ZB above. An exception conferred by or under section 141ZC is to be taken not to apply unless sufficient evidence is adduced to raise an issue with respect to the exception. Where sufficient evidence is adduced to raise an issue with respect to an exception, it is to be taken to apply unless the contrary is proved beyond a reasonable doubt.” Subsection (3) applies where in any proceedings— a person (“the defendant”) is charged in respect of the same conduct with— an offence under any provision of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 by virtue of the prohibition on importation in section 141(4) of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 as it had effect before its repeal by this Act (“the old offence”), and an offence under that provision of the 1979 Act by virtue of the prohibition on importation in section 141ZB(1) of the 1988 Act (“the new offence”), the only thing preventing the defendant from being found guilty of the new offence is the fact that it has not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the conduct took place after the commencement of this section, and the only thing preventing the defendant from being found guilty of the old offence is the fact that it has not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the conduct took place before the commencement of this section. For the purpose of determining the guilt of the defendant it is to be conclusively presumed that the conduct took place after the commencement of this section. A reference in subsection (2) to an offence includes