site (business or personal). Attention must be paid to any Ôhandling requirementsÕ attached to any document classed as ÔOfficialÕ or ÔOfficial-SensitiveÕ. Once a message, image or video has been published to social media anyone can re-use it or share it, including the press, even if deleted afterwards from your timeline, or sent in a ÔprivateÕ capacity (i.e. through direct messaging, or equivalent). Always consider this when sharing content online. Any officer, member of staff or volunteer found to be in breach of the above could be subject to disciplinary proceedings. To request permission to use a Wiltshire Police social media account, please contact the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department by emailing ecomms@wiltshire.police.uk. Posting Political Opinions on Social Media Channels: Police officers must always remain apolitical and should not, either on a work or personal social media account, talk about political matters or share political views. This includes retweeting, sharing or liking messages of a political nature as this could be considered as endorsing an originatorÕs views. The College of PolicingÕs Code of Ethics clearly defines this matter. It is commonly understood within social media that sharing, retweeting or liking of messages is often considered as an endorsement of an originators views, even if you do so out of satire or in irony. To help you stay safe, this policy recommends that you always consider what you share, retweet or like. This neutrality requirement applies to all members of staff during any Purdah period (the time between the announcement of an election/referendum and the final results). Personal Use of Social Media: Wiltshire Police recognises an individualÕs right to a private life and understands that social networking sites are a way for people to maintain contact with friends and family. How much information you share about yourself is very much a personal decision but working for Wiltshire Police brings with it responsibility. All officers and staff are accountable for any information placed in the public domain, even if it is on a privately held account. As an employee of Wiltshire Police you are expected to conduct yourself appropriately both on and off duty, and should always consider the consequences of sharing information with others. You have a duty to ensure that inappropriate use of information through any personal social media sites and internet messaging services does not jeopardise: • The safety of any officers and staff • The organisationÕs reputation or public confidence • The confidentiality of any assets retained by the organisation All officers and staff are required to ensure that they: • DO NOT use their Wiltshire Police email address / telephone number(s) to register for any personal / private accounts • DO NOT use any personal social media accounts to promote or detail policing work, provide details of an investigation or operation or to divulge sensitive operational or covert tactics • DO NOT use any messaging services for example Facebook Messenger, Twitter DM, Snapchat, TicTok etc. to send police information classified under the Government Security Classification • DO NOT