under this section is admissible in evidence in any proceedings and must be taken into account by a court in determining any question to which it appears to the court to be relevant. (8) If the Secretary of State publishes a draft code of practice in connection with a matter specified in subsection (1) before the date on which this section comes into forceÑ (a) the draft is as effective as one published under subsection (2) on or after that date; (b) representations made to the Secretary of State about the draft before that date are as effective as such representations made after that date; (c) modifications made by the Secretary of State to the draft in the light of any such representations before that date are as effective as any such modifications made on or after that date. 189E Sections 189A to 189D: interpretation (1) An Òauthorised officerÓ isÑ (a) a constable, or (b) a person who is of a description specified by the Secretary of State by order. (2) A National Crime Agency officer, prison officer, or any other person who has the powers of a constable (but is not a constable)Ñ (a) does not have the extradition transit powers by virtue of having the powers of a constable; and (b) accordingly, has the extradition transit powers only if the person is of a description specified under subsection (1)(b). (3) These expressions have the meanings givenÑ Òextradition transit powersÓ means the powers underÑ (a) section 189A (except the power to issue transit certificates), and (b) section 189B; Òforeign territoryÓ means a territory outside the United Kingdom; Ònon-UK extraditionÓ means extradition from one foreign territory to another foreign territory; 154 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òrelevant search powerÓ means a power of search underÑ (a) section 189A(2)(c) or (d), or (b) section 189B(2)(b) or (c); Òrelevant UK authorityÓ meansÑ (a) the National Crime Agency (in the case of a non-UK extradition to a category 1 territory), or (b) the Secretary of State (in any other case). (4) A reference to the transit of a person through the United Kingdom is a reference to the person arriving in, being in, and departing from the United Kingdom (whether or not the person travels within the United Kingdom between arrival and departure). (5) This section applies for the purposes of section 189A to 189D (and this section).Ó 169 Extradition to a territory that is