The main benefit of creating the proposed offence is that it will bring possession of knife and other offensive weapons in prison in line with possession in a public place. 44. Aligning the maximum penalties will allow longer custodial sentences to be given in more serious cases and in such cases will ensure that the offence goes onto the offenderÕs criminal record. The possession of a weapon in prison is a serious offence and the internal adjudication prison system currently used is not always an adequate route for dealing with such cases, as outlined previously. 45. The new offence will mean that criminal proceedings may be brought against those in prison who habitually carry or use weapons or belong to criminal gangs. Once released from prison, these offenders will carry a criminal record for a violence-related offence which will be recorded on the Police National Computer and which will assist the police in future dealings with such offenders. Finally, if the offender is convicted of a further similar offence in the future then there will be a previous criminal record on file available to inform the court during sentencing. 46. Criminalising possession of a knife in prison may also decrease the incidents of knife possession and help protect potential victims of knife and other weapon crime in custody. However, it is unclear how substantial this benefit would be as we cannot be certain what the deterrent effect would be. Enforcement of Proposed Reform 47. As with all criminal offences in prison, the prison may refer an alleged crime to the police who will decide whether to investigate and make a decision on referral to the CPS for prosecution. If the police or CPS decide not to proceed then the matter may revert to be considered for internal prison adjudication. 48. NOMS, the college of Policing and the CPS are developing guidelines for referring, investigating and prosecuting crimes in prison. Some offences (such as assaults on staff) are considered in more detail with specific aggravating and mitigating factors set out in Operational Guidance Documents for prisons and police to consider in making decisions on referral for investigation by the police. An Operational Guidance Document will be developed for this offence. Examples of typical aggravating factors in this offence will include previous history of possession of such weapons, threats to use the weapon, membership of known criminal gangs. Mitigating factors will include history of self-harm with blades. 1. Assumptions/Risks Assumption Risk Number of referrals to the police * As the statistics concerning weapon finds are not collected systematically, we are unable to determine long term trends. * We therefore assume that the number of referrals will not change over time. * The number of referrals increases over time. Costs to police of investigating referrals * Each referral would take between 8 and 14 hours to investigate. Source: HO internal estimates (2014). * The opportunity cost of an officer ranking sergeant or belowÕs time is approximately £35 per hour. This estimate is based