section may make different provision for different cases and may be made so as to have effect in relation only to the police stations specified or described in the regulations. Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. Any reference in this section to video-conferencing facilities, in relation to any functions, is a reference to any facilities (whether a live television link or other facilities) by means of which the functions may be performed with the officer performing them, the person in relation to whom they are performed and any legal representative of that person all able to both see and to hear each other.” Authorisation for delay in notifying arrest In section 56(2)(b) of the 1984 Act (authorisation by a constable of at least the rank of superintendent for a delay in allowing an arrested person to notify someone of his arrest and detention), for “superintendent” there shall be substituted “ inspector ”. Use of video links for proceedings about Terrorism Act detention In paragraph 33 of Schedule 8 to the Terrorism Act 2000 (c. 11) (representation at a hearing for a warrant of further detention or for the extension or further extension of the period specified in such a warrant), after sub-paragraph (3) there shall be inserted— 70 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “(4) A judicial authority may, after giving an opportunity for representations to be made by or on behalf of the applicant and the person to whom the application relates, direct— that the hearing of the application must be conducted, and that all representations by or on behalf of a person for the purposes of the hearing must be made, by such means (whether a live television link or other means) falling within sub-paragraph (5) as may be specified in the direction and not in the presence (apart from by those means) of the applicant, of the person to whom the application relates or of any legal representative of that person. A means of conducting the hearing and of making representations falls within this sub-paragraph if it allows the person to whom the application relates and any legal representative of his (without being present at the hearing and to the extent that they are not excluded from it under sub- paragraph (3))— to see and hear the judicial authority and the making of representations to it by other