but subject to satisfactory conduct this warning will be treated as spent once the time period has elapsed. 9.3 Final Written Warning In the event of further misconduct following a written warning, or if the offence is very serious but does not amount to gross misconduct, or the conduct of an employee is so serious that it cannot be tolerated a second time, a final written warning should be issued. This warning will outline the reason for this level of warning and that immediate improvement is required in their conduct. An appropriate formal support plan should be put in place to set out the required improvements, how these will be measured and achieved and over what timeframe. In determining the disciplinary sanction, account should be taken of the extent to which standards have been breached, the employeeÕs general employment record and any mitigating factors which may make it appropriate to adjust the severity of the penalty. Having been issued with a final written warning, should the employeeÕs conduct cause concern to the Organisation in the future for a similar or related issue, this may result in further escalation of the disciplinary process resulting in their dismissal. Any failure on behalf of the employee to accept the requirements for improvements in their conduct may also result in dismissal at this stage. This warning will remain live on the employeeÕs personal file for a period of 24 months but, subject to satisfactory conduct, will be treated as spent once this time period has elapsed. 9.4 Dismissal (with notice) If the conduct of the employee is so serious, or where previous warnings have failed to achieve the desired improvement such that the Chair of the Hearing decides to dismiss, then the employee shall be informed of this decision (following an adjournment) at the end of the Hearing. They will receive confirmation of this decision in writing within 5 working days of the decision. a. Where appropriate the employee may be given the appropriate pay in lieu of notice and will be asked to leave the premises following the decision. b. The employee is required to sign a copy of the dismissal to confirm his/her understanding. c. Whilst the presumption will be that the dismissal will be confidential, disclosure may be necessary in accordance with policy, statutory or court requirements (such as the Barred and Advisory legislative requirements). Table of Contents Dismissal may also take place if, following a final written warning there is no satisfactory improvement in conduct. This will be measured as per the requirements of the subsequent formal support plan. In this scenario, the individual would be invited to attend a further misconduct hearing where the evidence would be put to them for their response. In these instances when the appropriate Chair determines that an employee should be dismissed, the individual will receive notification of this decision in writing within 5 working days from the Chair. Dismissal is not suspended pending the outcome of any appeal. 9.5 Summary Dismissal (dismissal without