the category 1 territory. 65 Extradition offences: person sentenced for offence (1) This section sets out whether a person's conduct constitutes an Òextradition offenceÓ for the purposes of this Part in a case where the personÑ (a) has been convicted in a category 1 territory of an offence constituted by the conduct, and (b) has been sentenced for the offence. (2) The conduct constitutes an extradition offence in relation to the category 1 territory if the conditions in subsection (3), (4) or (5) are satisfied. (3) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs in the category 1 territory; (b) the conduct would constitute an offence under the law of the relevant part of the United Kingdom if it occurred in that part of the United Kingdom; (c) a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 4 months or a greater punishment has been imposed in the category 1 territory in respect of the conduct. (4) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs outside the category 1 territory; (b) in corresponding circumstances equivalent conduct would constitute an extra-territorial offence under the law of the relevant part of the United Kingdom; (c) a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 4 months or a greater punishment has been imposed in the category 1 territory in respect of the conduct. (5) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs in the category 1 territory; (b) no part of the conduct occurs in the United Kingdom; (c) a certificate issued by an appropriate authority of the category 1 territory shows that the conduct falls within the European framework list; (d) the certificate shows that a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 4 months or a greater punishment has been imposed in the category 1 territory in respect of the conduct. (6) For the purposes of subsections (3)(b) and (4)(b)Ñ (a) if the conduct relates to a tax or duty, it does not matter whether the law of the relevant part of the United Kingdom imposes the same kind of tax or duty or contains rules of the same kind as those of the law of the category 1 territory; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 147 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) if the conduct relates to customs or exchange, it does not matter