Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) Before determining whether to give an authorisation under subsection (2) in relation to a person, the senior officer must arrange for the person or the personÕs legal representative to be informed that a determination is to be made. (4) In determining whether to give an authorisation under subsection (2) in relation to a person, the senior officer must consider any representations made by the person or the personÕs legal representative. (5) The senior officer must arrange for the person or the personÕs legal representative to be informed whether an authorisation under subsection (2) has been given in relation to the person. (6) For the purposes of this Part Òsenior officerÓ means a police officer of the rank of superintendent or above. 47ZDB Applicable bail period: extension of limit in non-standard cases (1) This section applies in relation to a person ifÑ (a) the applicable bail period in relation to a person is the period mentioned in section 47ZB(1)(a), (b) that period has not ended, and (c) an appropriate decision-maker is satisfied that conditions A to D are met in relation to the person. (2) The appropriate decision-maker may authorise the applicable bail period in relation to the person to be extended so that it ends at the end of the period of 12 months beginning with the personÕs bail start date. (3) Before determining whether to give an authorisation under subsection (2) in relation to a person, the appropriate decision-maker must arrange for the person or the personÕs legal representative to be informed that a determination is to be made. (4) In determining whether to give an authorisation under subsection (2) in relation to a person, the appropriate decision-maker must consider any representations made by the person or the personÕs legal representative. (5) The appropriate decision-maker must arrange for the person or the personÕs legal representative to be informed whether an authorisation under subsection (2) has been given in relation to the person. (6) For the purposes of this Part Òappropriate decision-makerÓ meansÑ (a) in an FCA case, a member of staff of the Financial Conduct Authority who is of the description designated for the purposes of this section by the Chief Executive of that Authority, (b) in an HMRC case, an officer of Revenue and Customs of a grade that is equivalent to the rank of superintendent or above, (c) in an NCA case, a National Crime Agency officer of a grade that is equivalent to the rank of superintendent or above, and (d) in an SFO case, a member of the Serious Fraud Office who is of the Senior Civil Service.Ó (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 285 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to