the exam will count as a withdrawal (see withdrawal section above). Candidates will only be allowed to defer from the exam on one occasion after which they will be expected to sit the next exam they are registered for. Exceptional Circumstances What constitutes an exceptional circumstance will be decided at the discretion of the Head of Crime Superintendent but it may include long term serious illness, and pregnancy. Where exceptional circumstances apply the candidate will be expected to record the circumstances in a written report to the Sergeant of Crime Training and the Head of Crime Detective Superintendent. This must be done as soon as practicable once the reason for the deferment has come to notice. POLICY AIM The aim of this policy is to make the procedure for participating in the national investigators exam clear so that any failures or deferrals are dealt with fairly and impartially regardless of whether the candidate is a police officer or police staff. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to police officers and police staff who will be sitting the national investigators exam. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE College of Policing National InvestigatorsÕ Examination Rules & Syllabus RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS College of Policing National InvestigatorsÕ Examination Rules & Syllabus AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Investigation > Introduction > National structure DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW This policy will be reviewed every two years or as appropriate in conjunction with any updates provided by the College of Policing. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of Crime Detective Superintendent is responsible for this policy. All queries relating to this policy should be directed to the Head of Crime or the Force Policy Officer. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Head of Crime Policy Owner/Author: D/Superintendent Sarah ROBBINS / DS Sarah CHAMPION Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Crime and Justice Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 13.06.2018 1.0 Draft v0.9 published as substantive version 1.0. 06.06.2019 1.0 Scheduled review Ð no changes made. Next review date reset to June 2022. 25.06.2020 2.0 Exam failure section amended. 2nd failed attempt changed to initiation of a support plan and management intervention. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 13.06.2018 0.9 JNCC (Not required for all policies) 11.06.2018 0.9 Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version UNISON 17.04.2018 0.9 Police Federation 17.04.2018 0.9 Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements No training requirements