1988 provides for visitors to Great Britain to have in their possession, or purchase or acquire a firearm or ammunition under certain conditions without a firearm or shot gun certificate. VisitorsÕ permits are dealt with in Chapter 26. Under section 18(1) of the 1988 Act a person who has not been in Great Britain for more than thirty days in the preceding twelve months may purchase a firearm from a registered firearms dealer for export, without holding a firearm or shot gun certificate or visitorÕs permit. The exemption does not extend to the actual possession of the firearm and the dealer must arrange for the export of the weapon without it first coming into the purchaserÕs possession. The thirty days limit is an aggregate and does not have to be continuous. The purchase of a firearm for export without a certificate from a person other than a registered firearms dealer is not permitted. 42 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 6.16 A firearm certificate granted in Northern Ireland is, by virtue of the definition of a firearm certificate in section 57(4), a firearm certificate for the purposes of the 1968 Act. Firearm certificates issued in Northern Ireland therefore have validity within Great Britain, conferring on individuals in possession of one the same entitlements and obligations that come with a certificate issued in England, Wales or Scotland. Visitors with Northern Ireland firearm certificates must comply with firearms law in England and Wales or Scotland (as applicable), in particular they must have permission from the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers if they wish to bring a small firearm (handgun) into the country. (These may be possessed on a firearm certificate in Northern Ireland.) Possession only of any type of firearm or ammunition without a certificate Permits authorising possession 6.17 Section 7 of the 1968 Act enables a chief officer of police to issue to a person a permit authorising them to possess a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or a shot gun, in any special case where it may not be necessary or desirable to issue a certificate. For example, a permit should in normal circumstances be issued to authorise the temporary possession by a relative or the executor of a deceased person, or the receiver of a bankruptÕs estate, of firearms or ammunition forming part of the property of the deceased person or bankrupt. A permit may not be issued to authorise the purchase or acquisition of firearms or ammunition (but see section 5(1) of the 1988 Act and Chapter 14). If it does not specify possession only, it will be assumed by default that the permit allows use. A permit should be issued if a certificate holderÕs firearm certificate or shot gun certificate has expired and they have made reasonable efforts to renew in good time. Authorised lending and possession of firearms for hunting etc 6.18 Section 11A of the 1968 Act allows a non-certificate holder (Ôthe borrowerÕ) to borrow and possess