set aside or regarded as less important once anthropology moved away from the "arm- chair" and gained "scientific" authority and legitimacy through malinowskian fieldwork. On the one hand, "archives" came to be viewed as privileged spaces for understanding relationships between colonial governments and peo- ples traditionally studied by anthropologists (Stoler, 2002, 2009; Souza Lima, 1995). On the other, different modes of document production present in the so-called Western societies came to be analyzed as artifacts and/or knowledge practices that are crucial to understanding ethnographic universes that anthropologists have long been sharing with other disciplines, such as history, sociology and political science (cf. Riles, 2001; Latour and Woolgar, 1997). Since documents are paradigmatic artifacts of modern knowledge practices (Riles, 2006), which define both ethnog- raphy and "native" knowledge practices in some contexts, a large portion of anthropologists' activities during ethnographic fieldwork consists of reading documents produced by their interlocutors (about whom they also take notes). This has happened, as discussed throughout this article, in our own ethnographies (Ferreira 2011; Lowenkron 2012 e 2014). As Vianna (2014) suggests, working with documents, rather than raising questions about their content and reliability, involves questioning oneself about the very act of documenting. Our recent research experiences have contributed to a realization that ethnographic document analysis in the social space within which it is produced, circulated and archived offers a privileged look on the act of documenting. That is, a look on how it is accomplished, what it means and what effects it produces in different contexts. Reading inquiries and other police documents was one of the central ethnographic activities of the research carried out by one of the authors of this article on "human trafficking for sexual exploitation"1 (Lowenkron, 2014). Since a crucial part of police work is documenting investigations, "the interest our research subjects have shown in docu- ments had become contagious" (Riles, 2006, p. 8). During fieldwork, the researcher not only looked up inquiries in Federal Police headquarters and produced ethnographic accounts about them, but was also able to personally fol- low the production of some of its documents by its agents, police commissioners and registrars during criminal in- vestigations. Reading and directly observing the production of these artifacts highlighted how those who are regu- lated and constituted by these papers are not inert with regard to state documentation practices. Contact with police reports and other documents pertaining to "missing persons" cases that were produced, circu- lated and/or archived by a sector of the Rio de Janeiro Civil Police was a central element in making fieldwork possi- ble in the research carried out by this article's other author (Ferreira, 2011; 2013). On one level, the documents worked as an inescapable material support for affirming authorities and giving authorizations without which field- work would not have been possible. This reinforces the prevailing notarizing logic of Brazilian police units (Kant de Lima, 1995; Miranda et al, 2010). However, on a second level, the documents became the most crucial research ob- ject, both due to how