emergency support from the safety of their local pharmacy. Housing Housing is not a reserved matter and is within the legislative competence of the Senedd, therefore information in this section only applies to England. Role and approach Alternative housing options, whether refuges, social housing, or private accommodation167, are key to ensuring victims are able to escape domestic abuse, and factor strongly in a victim’s decision making about whether they stay or leave a perpetrator. As the majority of domestic abuse is perpetrated at home168, housing providers can play a unique role in supporting victims of abuse who are their tenants and reporting perpetrators where appropriate. Some local authorities offer sanctuary schemes and support for victims to stay in their own home where it is safe to do so. Housing services may consider re-housing the perpetrator in certain circumstances rather than the victim. It is vital that housing providers are able to recognise and respond to the signs of domestic abuse. A report by SafeLives identified the risk of misdiagnosing the effects of domestic abuse as Anti-Social Behaviour (ASB).169 Housing providers should employ professional curiosity when faced with all cases, even if domestic abuse is not immediately suspected. Abuse may manifest as multiple moves in quick succession; a refusal to let housing officers into the property; neighbour complaints or damage to property. Housing officers should recognise the impact of wrongly criminalising victims in such instances and consider safety planning and specialist support for the victim if action is taken against the perpetrator. The Domestic Abuse Housing Alliance (DAHA) is a partnership that has established the first domestic abuse accreditation for housing providers. It aims to improve the housing sector’s response to domestic abuse through the introduction and adoption of an established set of standards and an accreditation process. The DAHA has produced a toolkit which sets out the steps that housing providers should take to become accredited. In addition, the DAHA has led the introduction of a Whole Housing Approach to domestic abuse in partnership with groups that include Surviving Economic Abuse and Safer London. The programme is being piloted in three local areas (London ‘three boroughs’, Cambridgeshire and Stockton). The programme aims to raise awareness of domestic abuse within all housing sectors and improve outcomes for victims so they 167 This is a non-exhaustive list, depending on an individual’s circumstances different options may be available. 168 HMICFRS. Increasingly everyone’s business: A progress report on the police response to domestic abuse: 2015. 169 SafeLives. Safe at Home: The case for a response to domestic abuse by housing providers: 2018. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance can achieve stable housing and live safely. It recognises the diversity in both the housing needs of victims and the approaches required across different tenures, including social and private renting, and privately owned, to identify how they can be part of an effective response. Homelessness and domestic abuse victims’ priority need for accommodation Many victims of domestic abuse must leave their homes and the area where