the needs of the witness to support them to give their best evidence. This must be done prior to conducting an interview. This assessment is necessary to determine whether the witness needs additional support or the category of vulnerable or intimidated witness applies. Achieving best evidence Ministry of Justice (2022) Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on interviewing victims and witnesses, and guidance on using special measures provides advice on conducting a witness assessment, which should include their: availability to attend court need for specific assistance need for support as a vulnerable or intimidated witness In addition, the assessment should include details of any information provided to the witness under local agreements. Witness interview strategy This should be developed at an early stage in the investigation. An interview adviser can help the investigator to develop a witness interview strategy, which should be proportionate to the crime and the witnessÕs needs. Elements of the strategy Setting objectives Ð these should be meaningful and realistic, particularity in the case of vulnerable, intimidated and significant witnesses. Selecting interviewers Ð staff selected should be competent and appropriate to undertake the interview taking into account the needs of the witness. VictimÕs rights Ð ensure that the victimÕs Rights under the Code of practice for victims of crime are met. Briefing interviewers Ð they should be informed of their roles as soon as possible and given time to plan and prepare. Supporting the interview. Debriefing the interviews Ð if required, they should be debriefed to establish the information obtained, how the account fits in with other available material, whether any action needs to be taken and what further enquiries are necessary. Supplementary interviews Ð these should only take place when they are essential for the purpose of eliciting additional information or clarifying contradictory information of significance to the investigation. Consideration should be given to whether holding such an interview would be in the witnessÕs best interest, and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) should be consulted where appropriate. The reason for conducting supplementary interviews should be recorded. Continued risk and needs assessment. Point of contact. Video of witness interview Video-recording key or significant witness interviews should be considered in cases of: murder manslaughter road death serious physical assault sexual assault kidnap robberies in which firearms are involved any criminal attempts or conspiracies in relation to the above listed offences For further information see NPCC (2015) Advice on the Structure of Visually Recorded Witness Interviews (Third Edition). Welfare issues Investigators tasked with interviewing a witness should consider the welfare needs of the witness throughout. Factors to consider: age and mental capacity of the witness (legal requirements dictate how material can be obtained from individuals) the emotional health and welfare of the witness the language skills of the witness (interpreters should be used in accordance with local guidelines) whether a witness intermediary is required through the witness intermediary scheme how to prevent further offences from occurring, such as witness intimidation See also victimÕs Rights under the Code of