added to such a weapon, it increases the rate of fire of the weapon by using the recoil from the weapon to generate repeated pressure on the trigger. 27.3 The above include firearms which are serviceable and those which are not, replica firearms capable of being fired or which can be readily converted so that they are capable of being fired, gas pistols, aerosol gas sprays and similar weapons. 27.4 Normally, an import licence is not required to import the following but from time to time such goods may be subject to licensing control: (i) cartridges for smooth-bore guns containing five or more shot, none of which exceeds 0.36 inch (9 mm) in diameter; (ii) blank cartridges not exceeding one inch (25.4 mm) in diameter; (iii) air weapons or weapons powered by compressed carbon dioxide not declared to be Òspecially dangerousÓ under the Firearms (Dangerous Air Weapons) Rules 1969; (iv) ammunition for air guns, air rifles or air pistols; (v) articles manufactured in 1899 or earlier; (vi) any item not classified to chapters 93 or 97 of the HM Revenue and Customs Integrated Tariff, including vehicles, ships and aircraft incorporating a firearm. (vii) any component of ammunition. 27.5 It should be noted that (iii) and (iv) are not exempt from licensing if imported into Northern Ireland. Moreover, although articles at (v) do not require an import licence, Section 58 of the Firearms Act 1968 and the Antique Firearms Regulations 2021 define whether a firearm should be regarded as ÒantiqueÓ for the purpose of firearms legislation. 27.6 Commercial imports of firearms, component parts and ammunition require an individual import licence if manufactured on or after 31 December 1899. Applications for import licences should be made on the ICMS system. 27.7 As a concession for personal non-commercial import of privately owned firearms, shot guns and ammunition the following documents are accepted by HM Border Force in lieu of import licences: (i) valid United Kingdom firearm or shot gun certificates; (ii) visitorsÕ firearm or shot gun permits. 27.8 The firearms, shot guns or ammunition must be freely declared to Border Force upon importation. Firearms made on or after 1st January 1900 may only be imported with a DIT import licence or, for personal imports, a valid firearm or shot gun certificate or a visitorsÕ firearm or shot gun permit. 199 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 27.9 The requirement for a DIT import licence for any firearm made on or after 1 January 1900, also applies to firearms that are considered to be antique, as defined by Section 58 of the Firearms Act 1968 and the Antique Firearms Regulations 2021. Any firearm made on or before 31 December 1899 is considered exempt from import controls and does not require an import licence to import it into the United Kingdom. There is, however, still a requirement for the holder to be in possession of a valid shot gun or firearm certificate in order to possess the firearm where the possession of such a certificate is