after a maximum of five stabs. A minimum of 5 minutes shall be left between each stab to allow for materials to recover. At the start of a test series on a new construction, the dampers shall be replaced. Strike rules detailed in Table 12 are not applicable for formed armour testing as testing is permitted less than 50 mm from the edge of the panel. Energy requirements specified in Table 14 must be adhered to. 7.8.2.3. Measurements Measurements for knife and spike strikes shall be conducted directly on the Plastiline¨ 40 shaped torso backing materials using the microscope method outlined in Section 7.7.4.1. 7.8.3. Assessments Depth of penetration measurements from each knife and spike strike shall be assessed against the limits outlined in Table 13. 7.8.4. Records The following information shall be recorded after each strike has been conducted and included in the test report: • Time at which strike performed. • Velocity measured 25 ± 2 mm from the surface, measured in m.s-1 to two decimal places. • Energy, measured in joules to one decimal place. • Any spike perforation (if applicable). • After all strikes have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Cut length of each knife strike (where below specified limits), measured using digital microscope in millimetres to two decimal places.33 • Depth of knife penetration, recorded in millimetres to two decimal places. • Mean velocity from all strikes in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Mean energy from all strikes in test series, recorded in joules to one decimal place. 7.9. Additional stab tests Additional test strikes may be performed at perceived points of weakness on the protective panels. The test facility is authorised to identify potential points of weakness for testing purposes on CASTÕs authorisation. CAST may also instruct the test facility to conduct tests on specific locations of the panel, which will be determined on review of the technical file. 7.10. Extended coverage panels 7.10.1. Test configuration Extended coverage panels shall be mounted onto a conditioned, calibrated composite stab backing material pack for unformed armour in the same manner as outlined in Section 7.7. 7.10.2. Marking of panels A large and a small panel shall be provided tested for each protection type (e.g. two large and two small panels would be required for KR1+SP1 extended coverage panels). Panels shall be marked in the same positions as outlined for ballistic testing (Section 6.10.2). All strikes shall be aligned at a 0¡ angle with the long axis of the panel (Figure 26). As described in Section 6.10.2, on panels where there is a tapering or change in width greater than 50% in the largest section (e.g. shoulder), additional strikes shall be taken. Should the manufacturer decide not to test the performance of this tapered zone, an area of full protection, defined by the manufacturer, shall be clearly marked on the product and be visible to the wearer (Figure 21). 7.10.3. Test methods