this section applies must have regard to the principles in subsection (2) in the exercise of the function. 2 (2) Those principles are thatÑ (a) regulatory activities should be carried out in a way which is transparent, accountable, proportionate and consistent; other powers such as Community Protection Notices (see pg. 38) or civil penalties for domestic waste receptacle offences. Councils and other land managers must have regard to any relevant guidance when exercising their enforcement powers. 2 For a list of these regulatory functions, see the Legislative and Regulatory Reform (Regulatory Functions) Order 2007 (as amended). (b) regulatory activities should be targeted only at cases in which action is needed. (3) The duty in subsection (1) is subject to any other requirement affecting the exercise of the regulatory function. 11B.3 Enforcing authorities are expected to combine enforcement with education in order to change behaviour. Given the quasi-judicial nature of the enforcement process, enforcing authorities will need to balance the need for consistency with an approach which remains targeted and proportionate. A blanket Ôzero-toleranceÕ approach when issuing penalties is unlikely to achieve this. 11B.4 In particular, enforcement action should not be taken if it would be disproportionate to the offence, for example against accidental littering. Paragraph 11I.7 sets out further guidance on when a fixed penalty may not be appropriate. Enforcement action may also be better targeted at specific problem areas or times, rather than applied across a whole local authority area. 11B.5 Enforcing authorities should communicate to the community their reasons for their use of enforcement, and make it clear that enforcement is about supporting the achievement of a clean and attractive local environment: in no circumstances should enforcement be considered a means to raise revenue. Any perception that enforcement activity is being used intentionally to generate income is likely to undermine the legitimacy of the enforcement regime in the eyes of the local community, which in turn may diminish the deterrent effect. 11B.6 Enforcing authorities should not view their enforcement regime in isolation. In addition to taking enforcement action, enforcing authorities should aim to reduce the commission of littering and other environmental offences through clear, well-designed communications, and the provision, regular emptying and maintenance of bins. 11B.7 Enforcing authorities should also publish, promote and explain their enforcement policies openly, so that the public can understand their approach. This should include details of: a. the offences against which enforcement action will be taken b. the level of penalty for each offence (particularly following any changes) c. details of any early payment discounts d. arrangements for issuing fixed penalties (by post, electronically etc.) e. policies on enforcement against juvenile offenders f. policies in the event of non-payment g. appeals (if appropriate) h. policies on the use of income from fixed penalties i. what records are kept, and how information associated with enforcement action is used. Enforcing authorities may also choose to make clear their policies on when a fixed penalty should not be issued. It is recommended that enforcing authorities explore