steps that are required to be taken by paragraphs 3 to 8, and (b) procedures that are to be followed in taking such steps. (2) The regulations may, in particular, make provision about the time limits applicable in taking steps or following procedures (if, or to the extent that, this Part of this Schedule does not make such provision). 10 (1) The Secretary of State may make regulations about the appointment of chief constables in cases where paragraph 8 applies in relation to the appointment of a candidate (the Òrejected candidateÓ). (2) The regulations may make provision aboutÑ (a) steps to be taken, and (b) procedures to be followed. (3) That includes provision about the time limits applicable in taking steps or following procedures. (4) The regulations may make provision about limits on who may be considered for appointment. (5) That includes provision about limiting consideration for appointment to some or all of the persons already considered as part of the process by which the rejected candidate was selected for appointment. (6) The regulations may confer functions onÑ (a) police and crime commissioners, (a) 206 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) police and crime panels, (c) the Secretary of State, or (d) any other person. (7) That includes functions involving the exercise of a discretion. (8) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (7) do not limit the power conferred by sub-paragraph (1). PART 2 SUSPENSION AND REMOVAL OF CHIEF CONSTABLES Suspension 11 If a police and crime commissioner suspends a chief constable from duty under section 38, the commissioner must notify the relevant police and crime panel of the suspension. Removal: general 12 (1) A police and crime commissioner must not call upon a chief constable to retire or resign until the end of the scrutiny process has been reached. (2) The end of the scrutiny process is reached when the first of the following events occursÑ (a) the period of six weeks mentioned in paragraph 15(3) has ended without the panel having given the police and crime commissioner any recommendation as to whether or not the commissioner should call for the retirement or resignation; (b) the police and crime commissioner notifies the panel under paragraph 16(2) of the decision whether or not to accept the panel's recommendation in relation to the resignation or retirement. Removal: notification and representations 13 (1) A police and crime commissioner must comply with this paragraph before calling upon a chief constable to retire or resign under section 38. 1 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective.