validity of TIE categories can be reassessed. Populating and prioritising a TIE category Having decided which groups are likely to include the offender, investigators must identify as many group members as possible. Sometimes this is known with a degree of certainty. For example, a check of company records could create a TIE category of Ôthose employed in the named premisesÕ. In other cases the exact membership of the group may be difficult to determine. Those in a TIE category are known as TIE subjects. Snowballing This technique involves interviewing known members of a TIE category to identify other members of the group. Ways to populate TIE categories: official records, for example, membership lists, payrolls, electoral registers police intelligence databases media appeals snowballing Filtering TIE categories: Sometimes the population of a TIE category is large and it is not possible to carry out enquiries on everyone. Investigators may choose to start with those members most likely to be the offender. In such cases it is possible to apply filters according to priorities chosen by the investigator, for example: proximity to the scene date of last conviction of MO suspects age (where this is not known, investigators may wish to prioritise those who fall within the likely age range of offenders for that type of crime) sex (where the sex of the offender is not known, investigators may wish to prioritise those of the sex most likely to have committed the crime but should avoid stereotyping) TIE parameters Suspect parameters These are the known characteristics of the offender that can be used to implicate or eliminate those within a TIE category. They can include: sex age physical characteristics fingerprints forensic characteristics such as DNA, fibres, footwear impressions ownership of a particular make or colour of vehicle ownership of particular clothing The value of these characteristics varies. A fingerprint or DNA is likely to eliminate all but the offender, whereas knowing only the sex of the offender is of limited assistance, although it still eliminates half the population. Investigators should always consider setting parameters wider than those suggested by the material to allow for a degree of error in the descriptions given. Time parameters The timeframe within which a crime was committed is a useful way of eliminating individuals from the TIE category. People may be able to prove that they were elsewhere when the crime was committed. Time parameters should be set as accurately as possible, based on the material available. When the exact time is not known, investigators should set the time parameters between the earliest and latest time at which the crime could have been committed. Elimination criteria Investigators need to establish the criteria by which they are prepared to eliminate members of the TIE category from the crime. The Home Office Large Major Enquiry System 2 (HOLMES2) database uses a tried and tested system of elimination codes. Investigators must decide which level of elimination to apply in each case. This depends on the material available, the nature of the