threats and opportunities. 16. Build on the work of NHSX and others to lead the way in using AI to improve outcomes and create value in healthcare. The UKÕs comparative advantage will depend on smart strategies for data sharing, new partnership models with SMEs and skill-building. 1. 2 UK Research and Development Roadmap, UK Government ( July 2020) 3 [To be published early 2021] 1 Introduction an essential part of tackling the major challenges of economic recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic, of levelling up the UK economy through the creation of jobs and prosperity beyond London and the South East, of ensuring new forms of health and social care, of reaching net zero carbon emissions, and of ensuring resilience to future economic, health, or environmental shocks. It will also create entirely new opportunities for human flourishing. These fundamental strengths and recent initiatives have helped the UK to be amongst the global leaders in many areas coming five years to open 12 new institutes that will keep the country at the forefront of research in AI and quantum computing9, and like-minded countries such as Canada and Germany are leading on commercialisation as measured by patents.10 The Council calls for a UK National AI Strategy that creates an even stronger general base of support for AI. Scotland has already embarked on an AI Strategy and the UK strategy should be created in consultation with the devolved administrations and the wider ecosystem. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is breaking into the mainstream of societies and the global economy. The history of AI is characterised by cycles of boom and bust, with waves of excessive hype followed by ÒAI wintersÓ. This time things are different: advances in machine learning and neural networks have led to great advances in fields such as computer vision and speech recognition, and natural language processing, with numerous applications used by hundreds of millions of people on a daily basis. Safely harnessed AI is revolutionising certain types of tasks, disrupting business models, and complementing and enhancing human capabilities in wholly new ways. These tremendous advances have come from increasing the sizes of training data sets, and the associated networks and underlying algorithms, many of which have been with us in some form for a long time. This accounts for tens of billions of dollars in global annual value creation, and looks set to increase markedly over the coming decade.4 The UK has fundamental strengths in AI which reach back to the intellectual origins of the science, with figures like Alan Turing, Joan Clarke, Donald Michie and many others, to its ability to debate and enact sound governance of new technologies. Successive governments, businesses and civil groups have worked hard to make increasing amounts of data and information more available in ways that combine safety and usefulness. In recent years, the UK has been the site of an array of initiatives aimed at developing and deploying AI across the of AI, from accelerating drug discovery5 to helping businesses make decisions that accurately factor