staff with appropriate guidance regarding the first aid arrangements and provisions provided for all police staff, police officers and special constables. Glossary of Terms Term Meaning HSE Health and Safety Executive Strategic Aims The strategic aim/s linked to this document are set out below. European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) Compliance The table below lists the ECHR Compliance Guide paragraphs that specifically relate to this Procedure. Reference: The Compliance Guide can be found on Firstpoint in Policy and Procedures / Corporate Development / ECHR Compliance Guide. ECHR Compliance Guide paragraphs relating to this document 1. Statement of Compatibility 2. Public Access 20. Duty of Staff Disability Discrimination Act 1995 In writing this procedure the main implications of the above Act, together with the Disability Discrimination Act (Amendment) Regulations 2000 have been taken into account. This procedure has been assessed for relevance to the general duty to provide race equality under the Race Relations (Amendment) Act 2000. This assessment has shown that the procedure and its aims are likely to have the relevance level indicated below In this regard a full race equality impact assessment will not be undertaken in accordance with the Race Equality Scheme Action Plan. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. First Aid Procedure Legal Requirements The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 imposes a duty of care on the employer to ensure, so far as reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare of all staff and others affected by our undertakings. In addition, sections 7 and 8 of the Act state that staff must take appropriate steps to safeguard their own health and safety as well as that of others. The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999 require employers to make a suitable and sufficient assessment of the risks to the health and safety of their employees at work and to prevent or control these risks. This assessment can assist the employer in carrying out the first aid needs assessment if control measures fail. The Health and Safety (First-Aid) Regulations 1981 require employers to provide adequate and appropriate equipment, facilities and personnel to ensure their employees receive immediate attention if they are injured or taken ill at work. The Regulations se out the essential aspects of first aid that employers have to address including the requirement to: • Regulation 3(1) : Provide or ensure that there are provided, such equipment and facilities as are adequate and appropriate in the circumstances for enabling first aid to be rendered to their employees if they are injured or become injured at work. • Regulation 3(2) : Provide or ensure that there is provided, such numbers of suitable persons as is adequate and appropriate in the circumstances for rendering first aid to their employees if they become injured or ill at work. This person shall