and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) An agreement under this section may contain provision for enabling the [F311Director General] to bring and conduct, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any proceedings that are identified by the agreement as disciplinary hearings in relation to members of the College's staff. (4) Procedures established in accordance with an agreement under this section shall have no effect in relation to anything done outside England and Wales by any member of the College's staff.] [F31226C The National Crime Agency (1) The Secretary of State must make regulations conferring functions on the [F313Director General] in relation to the exercise of functions by the Director General [F314of the National Crime Agency] and other National Crime Agency officers. (2) Regulations under this section may, in particularÑ (a) apply (with or without modifications), or make provision similar to, any provision of or made under this Part of this Act; (b) make provision for payment by the National Crime Agency to, or in respect of, the [F315the Office or in respect of its Director General]. (3) Regulations under this section must relate only to the exercise of functions in, or in relation to, England and Wales. (4) The [F316Director General] and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may jointly investigate a matter in relation to whichÑ (a) the [F316Director General] has functions by virtue of this section, and (b) the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration has functions by virtue of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. (5) A National Crime Agency officer may disclose information to the [F317Director General], or to a person acting on the [F318Director General's] behalf, for the purposes of the exercise by the [F319Director General], or by any person acting on the [F318Director General's] behalf, of an NCA complaints function. (6) The [F320Director General] and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may disclose information to each other for the purposes of the exercise of a functionÑ (a) by virtue of this section, or (b) under the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. (7) Regulations under this section may, in particular, makeÑ (a) further provision about the disclosure of information under subsection (5) or (6); (a) 60 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and