on which the authority receives the application. (5) The notice must specifyÑ (a) the person (or persons) authorised (whether by name or description), (b) the kind of amplified noise equipment to which the authorisation applies, (c) the period to which the authorisation applies, and (d) any conditions to which the authorisation is subject. (6) The responsible authority may at any timeÑ (a) withdraw an authorisation given to a person under this section, or (b) vary any condition to which an authorisation is subject. (7) Variation under subsection (6)(b) includesÑ (a) imposing a new condition, (b) removing an existing condition, or (c) altering any period to which a condition applies. (8) The exercise of a power under subsection (6) to withdraw an authorisation or to vary a condition is effected by the responsible authority giving notice in writing to the applicant. (1) 144 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 148 Meaning of Òauthorised officerÓ and Òresponsible authorityÓ (1) This section applies for the purposes of this Part. (2) ÒAuthorised officerÓ, in relation to any land in the controlled area of Parliament Square[F189, or in relation to any land in the Palace of Westminster controlled area other than Royal Park land,] meansÑ (a) an employee of the responsible authority for that land who is authorised in writing by the authority for the purposes of this Part, and (b) any other person who, under arrangements made with the responsible authority (whether by that or any other person), is so authorised for the purposes of this Part. (3) ÒResponsible authorityÓ, in relation to any land in the controlled area of Parliament Square, meansÑ (a) the Greater London Authority, for any land comprised in the central garden of Parliament Square (as defined by section 142(2)), and (b) Westminster City Council, for any other land. [F190(4) ÒResponsible authorityÓ, in relation to any land in the Palace of Westminster controlled area, meansÑ (a) the Secretary of State, for any land comprised in Royal Park land; (b) Westminster City Council, for any other land. (5) In this section ÒRoyal Park landÓ means any land of a description specified in Schedule 1 to the Royal Parks and Other Open Spaces Regulations 1997 (S.I. 1997/1639), as that Schedule has effect on the day on which the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is passed.] 149 Effect of Part on byelaws (1) In section 385 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999 (byelaws), after subsection (6) insertÑ Ò(6A) Byelaws under this section may not be made as respects Parliament Square Garden for the purpose of prohibiting a particular activity so far as that activity is a prohibited activity for the purposes of Part 3 of the