staff for flexible working and ensure consistency and fairness in processing applications. Managers' ability to manage teams with flexible working patterns is supported through management training and managers having access to local Human resource advisors to provide support and guidance. 6.3 ManagersÕ responsibilities Wiltshire Police have created an environment that strengthens the role of line managers in promoting the mental wellbeing of employees through supportive leadership style and management practices. This involves: • Encouraging a management style that promotes participation, delegation, constructive feedback, mentoring and coaching • Will ensure that policies for the recruitment, selection, training and development of managers recognise and promote these skills • Ensuring that managers are able to motivate employees and provide them with the training and support they need to develop their performance and job satisfaction • Provide awareness and guidance of how management style and practices can help to promote the mental wellbeing of employees and keep their stress to a minimum • Provide training to ensure that managers are able to identify and respond with sensitivity to employees' emotional concerns, and symptoms of mental health problems • Ensuring that managers understand when it is necessary to refer an employee to occupational health services or other sources of help and support • Managers are encouraged to proactively identify mental health issues among their staff. If they perceive that a member of their staff is in a state of emotional or psychological distress, they should reach out to them. Managers have access to online management tools and signposting resources • 7. Open Communications and Support Wiltshire Police believe our ongoing Wellness Communication Strategy is key to embedding our wellness culture moving forward. Wellness messages and themes are threaded though all our communications and blogs, supported by specific and targeted wellness messaging and communications. Examples include: • Extensive use of communications and messaging from the Chief and ELT with wellness and mental health included. • Various communications tools are also utilised to raise awareness including; effective use of the Force ebrief system for mental health wellbeing messaging. • Active Health Promotion days and events are used to raise awareness on mental health and stress management. • Use of Firstbeat magazine (minimum of 2 pages dedicated to Mental Wellbeing) every article. • Developed a new promotional TRiM Video which has been communicated to all employees. • Annual surveys to gather information about mental health in the workplace. Surveys will be anonymous. • Actively support employees who are at risk of facing mental health issues (e.g. pregnant women, new parents, retiring employees.) For this reason, we are expanding establish the Peer support network so employees can choose to discuss their situations and seek advice. • Often, itÕs easier to reach out to a colleague instead of a supervisor or HR. We encourage colleagues to support one another when needed. 8. Employee Recognition and Development One way to prevent our employees from excessive stress is to recognize their work and invest in their personal growth. For this reason, we