removed by notifying CCU who will inform DQT accordingly (See Access Control Lists (ACL) in Niche RMS Procedural Guide). 23.3 ACL For Intelligence For information on authorizing the use of intelligence ACLs, understanding the hierarchy of access to intelligence between departments, auditing access to ensure information security and the process for review and removal of intelligence ACLs please refer to the Access Control Lists (ACL) for Intelligence Policy. 24. MONITORING, INTERCEPTION AND AUDIT Wiltshire Police and OPCC reserves the right to monitor all communications (including telecommunications) using Force communications systems and where appropriate inspect the content of Email transmissions, text messages, Internet browsing sessions and smartphone application use. Such activity is considered necessary for the purposes of: • Protecting the network from malicious software, denial of service attacks and other external threats; • To investigate or detect use of computers contrary to legislation, policy or procedure; • Investigating and detecting improper use - preventing and detecting crime; • Monitoring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements - ensuring that Staff comply with rules governing the use of communications systems; • Quality control and training; • Monitoring load level activity to ensure adequate technical provision of the service; • In the interests of national security. AS SERVICES ARE PRIMARILY FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES, USERS MUST UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS NO EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY. The Investigatory Powers Act 2016 (IPA) establishes a basic principle that communications may not be intercepted without consent and ensures compliance with ECHR and fundamental freedoms. The Investigatory Powers (Interception by Businesses etc. for Monitoring and Record-keeping Purposes) Regulations 2018 make an exception to IPA and allow businesses (including public authorities) to intercept communications transmitted across their systems without consent for certain purposes. The monitoring and recording of communications will be considered on a case by case basis and will be used: • to ascertain compliance with regulatory or self-regulatory practices or procedures; • for an appropriate method of ascertaining standards; • to prevent or detect crime; • to investigate or detect unauthorised use. • Wiltshire Police Counter Corruption Unit is authorised to carry out the appropriate auditing of system use. On application, an authority to Intercept or record specific communications utilising Force communication systems must be given by the Deputy Chief Constable or the Chief Constable in their absence. Commanders and Departmental Heads are responsible for ensuring that all personnel who may use Force information and communication systems within their area of responsibility are aware of this authority and notice. In all cases, regulations require the Force to make all reasonable efforts to inform every person using or who may use the system that interception, monitoring and auditing may take place. Accordingly, all potential users of Force communication systems are informed that: • You work within an organisation that deals with sensitive matters and information, much of which is protectively marked; • You are required to maintain the highest professional and ethical standards; • To ensure that these sensitivities and high standards are maintained, communications by all users using