drugs into prison cannot be prosecuted. Intended effects of the new offence 10. NPS in prisons is now a drug of choice amongst prisoners and is a significant and growing problem. NPS are having an increasingly destructive impact on prison security and order, and the welfare of individual prisoners and staff. Control and order is a fundamental foundation of prison life; without it, safety can not be guaranteed and the rehabilitation of prisoners can not take place. It is recognised that NPS has been linked to mental health problems and disturbed behaviour by prisoners, including violence. 11. It is known that the throwing of packages containing contraband, including NPS, is a key method of supply. In some cases, it is coordinated by criminal gangs involved in a wide range of criminality. As indicated, while it is currently a criminal offence under the Prison Act to convey a number of items into a prison, including controlled drugs, non-controlled substances are not covered by this legislation. As such, those caught trafficking a range of NPS having been able to evade justice. 12. The new offence addresses this and provides a robust legislative framework to deter and punish such offences and also the trafficking of other items that can pose a security or safety risk. It is vital that people who engage in this behaviour are able to face a criminal charge. It is unacceptable that criminals are able to evade justice for supplying drugs and other items which have such a destructive impact on our prisons and the welfare of all those who live and work within them. Ministry of Justice March 2015 FGM001 Application for a Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) Protection Order Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 Please read the accompanying notes as you complete this form Note: If you are an individual applicant, you MUST NOT serve the documents yourself on the person you are seeking the order against. 1. About you (the applicant) Are you (tick only one box) the person who is to be protected by this order (see page 7) a relevant third party (see page 7) Full name If you do not wish your address to be made known to the respondent leave this space blank and if you have not already done so, complete Confidential contact details form Form C8. See notes on page 7 Address Phone no. (optional) Date of birth (if under 18 years) For relevant third parties Name of organisation (if applicable) Position held in the organisation Your solicitorÕs details Ð if you are representing yourself leave blank Full name Name of firm Address DX no. Reference no. Phone no. Fax no. Fee account no. 2. About the person to be protected Mrs Miss Ms Other (please specify) Full name If you do not wish your address to be made known to the respondent leave this space blank and if you have not already done so, complete Confidential contact details Form C8. See notes on