equally to a person appointed by the proprietor to take charge of slaughtering instruments and ammunition for 45 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law them for that purpose (section 10(2) of the 1968 Act). Except in these circumstances, possession of a slaughtering instrument away from the slaughterhouse or knackerﾃ不 yard will require a firearm certificate. 6.30 Butchers may sometimes find it necessary to hire or borrow a slaughtering instrument for the purpose of their business, for example when their own slaughtering instruments need repair. If they have to apply on each occasion for a variation on their firearm certificates to authorise the temporary acquisition of an additional instrument, there may be delay and inconvenience. The necessity for variations may, however, be obviated if the certificate contains an entry authorising the acquisition of an additional instrument by hiring or borrowing whenever the (authorised) instrument which the holder normally uses is not, for whatever reason, available for use. Such an entry may be made in that part of the certificate authorising purchase or acquisition when it is granted or, subsequently, by way of variation. 6.31 It is suggested that this course should be adopted in any case in which butchers or other people who hold, or are entitled to hold, a free certificate under section 32(3)(c) of the 1968 Act satisfy the chief officer of police that they may need to occasionally hire or borrow an additional instrument to enable them to carry on their work when their own instrument needs attention or repair. The person providing the hired or borrowed instrument must complete the appropriate Table on the borrowerﾃ不 certificate and notify the transaction to the chief officer in accordance with sections 32 to 35 of the 1997 Act. 6.32 Under section 3(3) of the 1968 Act, a person is prohibited from undertaking the repair, test or proof of a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or a shot gun, unless the person seeking the repair or other work produces a certificate authorising their possession of the firearm or ammunition, or shows that they are entitled to have it without a certificate. Licensed slaughterers, proprietors of slaughterhouses or knackerﾃ不 yards, and persons appointed by such proprietors to take charge of slaughtering instruments and ammunition, are entitled to have possession of such instruments and ammunition without holding certificates, but only in the slaughterhouses or knackerﾃ不 yards in which they are employed or of which they are the proprietors. 6.33 Under section 2(a) of the 1997 Act a person authorised by a firearm certificate to possess, purchase or acquire a slaughtering instrument does not need the authorisation of the Secretary of State to possess, purchase, acquire, sell or transfer a slaughtering instrument which falls within section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act, that is small firearms. This exemption does not apply to registered firearms dealers. 6.34 Similarly, under section 2(b) of the 1997 Act, authority under section 5 of the 1968 Act is not required for possession of a