appropriately fitted body armour is worn. If you choose to continue with full duties, you should be afforded time to return to a designated station to express milk as and when necessary. The organisation is committed to providing all possible support to you having returned to work after a period of maternity leave. Your line manager must do all that is reasonably practicable to remove any risks and these should be identified having conducted a full risk assessment with you. Breastfeeding employees cannot under any circumstances be expected to perform duties for which a risk assessment has highlighted a potential risk. To assist your transition back to work and with the above considerations in mind, the organisation will seek to provide suitable space for pregnant employees and new mothers. You can use this space to: 1.17.1 rest if feeling particularly tired Ð the space should include comfortable chairs; 1.17.2 express milk; and 1.17.3 breastfeed and change your baby(ies) if they are being brought to their place of work for feeding The organisation will ensure (while also taking the needs of the business into account) that you are allowed reasonable flexibility in your working hours and rest breaks to allow you to make use of the organisation's facilities. Should you require flexibility to, for example, go home to feed your baby (if you live close to work), you should speak to your line manager. While the organisation cannot guarantee that it will be able to agree to every request for flexibility, it will give favourable consideration to requests and endeavour, within reason, to accommodate your needs and wishes. Colleagues should be sensitive to this issue and should also adopt a supportive attitude. All members of Wiltshire Police have the right to be treated with dignity at work and this requirement is particularly relevant and important to those who are pregnant or who have recently given birth. It is a requirement of this policy that all colleagues across the Organisation respect this principle. 1.18 Resignation If you decide not to return to work, you must submit written notification to your line manager who will forward to the People Service Centre of your intention to resign, giving the appropriate notice. Should you resign during your maternity leave or within a month of returning from maternity leave then you may be required to repay the occupational maternity pay that you have received. If you would like any further details regarding this then please contact the Finance department. SECTION 2 IVF 2.1 IVF Wiltshire Police recognise that an increasing number of babies are born each year through in vitro fertilisation. The specific nature and side effects of the IVF process raise certain issues including the need for absence from work to attend appointments, exemption from confrontational duties and sickness absence. There is no legal right for time off for fertility treatment, however we recognise the emotional pressures of undergoing fertility treatment. The Organisation wish to provide support to all individuals undergoing fertility treatment or to