remain available. 1. Background 35. Gang injunctions are civil orders designed to prevent an individual from being involved in gang-related violence; the statutory framework is to be found in Part 4 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (Òthe 2009 ActÓ). Under the 2009 Act applications for a gang injunction may be made to the County Court, or the High Court, by the police or a local authority. Gang injunctions allow courts to place a range of prohibitions and requirements (including supportive, positive requirements) on the behaviour and activities of a person (aged 14 or over) involved in gang-related violence. These conditions could include prohibiting someone from being in a particular place or requiring them to participate in rehabilitative activities. 36. Gang injunctions for adults have been available since January 2011, and gang injunctions for 14 to 17 year olds have been available since January 2012. In deciding whether to grant a gang injunction, two conditions must currently be satisfied. The first condition is that the respondent has engaged in, assisted or encouraged Ògang-related violenceÓ. Once this condition is satisfied, the court may grant an injunction if a second condition is satisfied, namely that it thinks it is necessary to do so in order Òto prevent the respondent from engaging in, encouraging or assisting gang-related violenceÓ or Òto protect the respondent from gang-related violenceÓ. The 2009 Act defines gang-related violence as: ÒViolence or a threat of violence which occurs in the course of, or is otherwise related to, the activities of a group that: a) consists of at least 3 people; b) uses a name, emblem or colour or has any other characteristic that enables its members to be identified by others as a group; and c) is associated with a particular area.Ó 37. The way gangs operate is changing. Gangs do not always have a name, emblem or colour or other characteristic which enables its members to be identified as a group. Instead, a group of individuals may operate as a group and engage in criminality with some degree of organisation without these features. 1. 38. In addition, gangs are increasingly involved in criminality beyond their own areas and can be less associated with a particular area. Moreover, gang structures change over time such that it is possible for gangs to disappear from certain locations and re-appear in other locations relatively quickly. 39. Gangs also tend to be engaged in a wider range of criminality than simply violence. In addition to violence, street level gangs are involved in drug dealing. In recognition of these changes to the way gangs operate, section 51 of the 2015 Act revises the test for the grant of a gang injunction. In particular, expanding the range of activities to include any involvement in support of the illegal drugs market will allow gang injunctions to be used to prevent individuals from engaging in such activity and to protect people from being further drawn into this illegal activity. This change will also enable local agencies to