guidance Throughout this guidance the term Ôgang injunctionÕ is used to refer to an injunction to prevent gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing. The individual who is subject to a gang injunction, or against whom a gang injunction is being sought, will be referred to as the ÔrespondentÕ. The police force or local authority applying for a gang injunction will be referred to as the ÔapplicantÕ. The use of ÔcourtÕ refers to the County Court or High Court where the respondent is over 18 years old at the time the application for a gang injunction is made, and Youth Court where the respondent is 14-17 years old at the time the application is made. 1.3. Purpose of the guidance This statutory guidance is a practical tool intended to help local partners apply for and manage gang injunctions effectively and appropriately in accordance with the statutory framework. It is for: • local authorities and police forces who are seeking to apply for an injunction to prevent gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing activity; and • local partners who may be consulted by the applicant as part of the process. These may include, but are not limited to, registered social landlords, housing associations, transport agencies, probation and youth offending teams (where the respondent is aged 14 to 17 or has recently turned 18). Local authorities and police forces are required by the 2009 Act to Ôhave regardÕ to this guidance and any subsequent revisions. It is good practice for other local partners to have read this document before contributing to the application process. A practitionersÕ guide to gang injunctions 5 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing for applicants will be made available at Gov.UK. The guide provides information on how to build a case, guidance on drafting and filing applications, and advice on how to approach follow-up enforcement. The practical guide is intended to be read alongside this Statutory Guidance. 6 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 2. Gang injunctions: the basics 2.1. What are gang injunctions? A gang injunction is a civil tool that allows the police or a local authority to apply to the County Court, High Court or Youth Court for an injunction against an individual to prevent gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing. By imposing a range of prohibitions and requirements on the respondent, a gang injunction aims:1 • to prevent the respondent from engaging in, or encouraging or assisting, gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing activity; and/or • to protect the respondent from gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing activity. Over the medium and longer term, gang injunctions aim to break down violent gang culture, prevent the violent behaviour of gang members from escalating and engage gang members in positive activities to help them leave the gang. Gang injunctions can also be used to help protect people, in particular children, from being drawn further into more serious activity. Anyone seeking to apply for an injunction must have