as time off for dependants, to provide assistance if their spouse or civil partner falls ill. Individuals should tell us the reason for their absence as soon as possible and say how long they expect to be off work. Further details are set out in the Dependents Leave Policy. In addition to unpaid time off, the partner of an employee who has a stillbirth, or the father/parent of the baby who has passed away, may be eligible for: • either one or two weeks' statutory paternity leave and pay (further information is set out in our Support Leave policy Ð see section 8) • • up to two weeks' statutory parental bereavement leave and pay, which can be taken as two separate weeks or a single period of leave (further information is set out in our Parental Bereavement Leave section) and; • 5 days' paid leave under our Compassionate Leave Policy 4.10 The role of colleagues If a colleague is experiencing a miscarriage while they are at work, fellow colleagues should respond sympathetically and supportively. Practical steps that you can take include: • ensuring that they have privacy and access to a toilet; • providing a wrap or covering if they are bleeding heavily; • arranging transport home or to a hospital as appropriate (including calling an ambulance if this is necessary and arranging for someone to accompany them); • calling their partner or a friend to notify them of the situation, if this is what they want; and • reassuring them not to worry about work and that arrangements to cover their work will be made. We recognise that an individual whose partner is having a miscarriage or stillbirth may need to leave work at short notice and arrangements will be made to accommodate this. If a colleague has chosen to share information about a miscarriage or stillbirth, when they return to work employees should offer them sympathy and support and acknowledge their loss. The Miscarriage Association has published Supporting someone you know, which contains guidance on how to talk sensitively about miscarriage in the workplace. SECTION 5 PARENTAL BEREAVEMENT LEAVE 5.1 Introduction to Parental Bereavement Leave We recognise that, while dealing with any bereavement is difficult, the death of a child is among the most devastating events that any parent can ever face. This policy sets out our commitment to supporting bereaved parents through their grief by ensuring they can take parental bereavement leave. The policy applies to any member of Wiltshire Police, both staff and Officers, who suffer the loss of a child/Children under the age of 18 on or after 6 April 2020. This includes parents who suffer a stillbirth after 24 weeks of pregnancy. 5.2 Who can take parental bereavement leave Whatever your length of service, you can take this type of leave if you are the parent of the child/children who have passed away, or if you are the partner of the child/childrenÕs parent. In general, you can take this type of leave if