authority may not make a nomination under this paragraph if, and for as long as, a notice given to the authority by the Secretary of State under paragraph 10(8) is in force. (4) In this paragraphÑ Òappropriate numberÓ means the number that is equal to the difference betweenÑ (a) the full complement; and (b) the number of appointed members of the panel; Òfull complementÓ means ten members. Police area covering ten or more local authorities: nomination by local authority 7 (1) This paragraph applies in relation to the police and crime panel for a police area which covers ten or more local authorities. (2) In a case whereÑ (a) the number of appointed members of the police and crime panel is less than the full complement, and (b) there is no member of the panel who was appointed by a particular relevant local authority, (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 179 the authority may nominate one of its councillors to be a member of the police and crime panel. (3) A relevant local authority may not make a nomination under this paragraph if, and for as long as, a notice given to the authority by the Secretary of State under paragraph 10(8) is in force. (4) In this paragraph, Òfull complementÓ means the number of appointed members which the panel is to have by virtue of paragraph 4(1)(a). Multi-authority police area covering nine or fewer local authorities: nomination by local authority 8 (1) This paragraph applies in relation to the police and crime panel for a multi-authority police area which covers nine or fewer local authorities. (2) In a case whereÑ (a) the number of appointed members of the police and crime panel is less than the full complement, (b) a particular relevant local authority does not have power under the panel arrangements to appoint an extra member of the panel (see paragraph 5(2)), and (c) there is no member of the panel who was appointed by the authority, the authority may nominate one of its councillors to be a member of the police and crime panel. (3) In a case whereÑ (a) the number of appointed members of the police and crime panel is less than the full complement, (b) a particular relevant local authority has power under the panel arrangements to appoint one or more extra members of the panel (see paragraph 5(2)), and (c) the number of members of the panel who are members by virtue of appointment by the authority is less than the authority's quota of members, the authority may nominate the permitted number of its councillors to be members of the police and crime panel. (4) A relevant local authority may not make a