wall, which the authors suggested led to the barb tip being unusually close to the heart. 15. Although the waveform characteristics of the pre-production Taser are unknown, DOMILL believes that, in the absence of human experimental evidence to the contrary, it would be prudent to assume that a similar effect could be exerted by the Taser X26 or M26, particularly in circumstances where one or both of the device?s barbs have penetrated the frontal chest over the heart region and especially in individuals who may have smaller skin-to-heart distances (generally children and thin adults). 16. In forming a view of the medical implications of rapid ventricular capture, DOMILL obtained additional clinical opinion from two consultant cardiologists, one of whom is a paediatric cardiologist. These opinions are summarised below (paras. 17-19). 17. In a young individual with a healthy heart, rapid ventricular capture for 5 seconds (the maximum duration of Taser X26 or M26 discharge following a single activation of the trigger) would be unlikely to produce an arrhythmia sustained beyond the duration of the Taser discharge.8 The acute effect of a 5-second period of rapid ventricular capture is likely to be minor Ð it would be unlikely to induce syncope (fainting) but the subject may be aware of palpitations. Similarly, rapid ventricular capture for 10-15 seconds (corresponding to 2-3 contiguous activations of the Taser trigger or to prolonged trigger depression) would not be expected to induce a sustained arrhythmia or syncope in a young individual with a healthy heart. 18. Individuals of any age with established heart conditions (for example, coronary artery disease, ãhealed? myocardial infarct, dilated or hypertrophic cardiomyopathies, corrected congenital heart disease, primary inherited electrical conditions of the heart, such as Brugada syndrome9 and long QT syndrome), are at greater risk of developing serious sustained ventricular arrhythmias, if provoked by abnormal heart stimulation. 19. The use of certain recreational drugs (particularly cocaine or amphetamine-like drugs), may lead to abnormal levels of cardiac stimulation or to active myocardial ischaemia by inducing prolonged spasm of otherwise normal coronary arteries. In such a context, random cardiac stimulation could have unpredictable implications, with induction of arrhythmias which would not normally occur under the same provocation without concomitant use of these drugs. 20. Two reports of ventricular fibrillation temporally associated with Taser discharge have been published.10 There is one report of atrial fibrillation (fast and irregular beating of the atria) in a 16-year-old male that may have been triggered by Taser discharge.11 Myocardial infarction associated with Taser discharge has been reported in a 20-year-old male.12 In all of these case reports from the United States, the strength of the association between application of Taser discharge and arrhythmia development is difficult to determine. 21. Whether or not the discharge current from the Taser X26 or M26 is able directly to influence heart rhythm remains controversial. Additional human experimental studies with these devices 8 Rapid ventricular pacing is a technique used clinically in an effort to induce ventricular tachycardia (VT). Induction of VT in this