28.6 Following the grant of a section 5 authority, when a PMSC wishes to submit further guards for clearance they should be aware of the following: guards are servants of the PMSC and their clearances are linked to the expiry date of the companyÕs section 5 authority. Therefore, when the PMSCÕs section 5 authority expires, most guards will also need to have their clearances renewed at that time. However, guards whose clearances were carried out four months or less before the PMSCÕs authority is due to expire do not need to have their clearance renewed. In cases where a PMSC has been given a three year authority, guards will need to have their clearances undertaken every 12 months, and the PMSC should submit an application to the Home Office on this basis. 2 This only applies to guards on UK ships because the Firearms Act 1968 as a whole (and accordingly the section 5 requirement for an authority) applies to UK registered vessels rather than foreign registered vessels. 204 Armed guards: information to be provided Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 28.7 The following information should be provided in respect of each armed guard: • full name (including any previous names) • date and place of birth • residential addresses covering the previous five years • copy of the guardÕs passport • and a declaration of consent to checks being carried out. 28.8 A copy of the guardÕs passport must be provided so that their identity can be verified. To speed up the application process PMSCs may wish to submit an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) certificate for each of the armed guards. PMSCs should not put forward people who, through their own due diligence checks, are not suitable. Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) 28.9 The Disclosure and Barring Service will, on payment of the appropriate fee, provide an Enhanced Disclosure for armed guards who are proposed to be deployed as part of a section 5 application. There will be an additional charge for the use of a Registered Body who will check and countersign applications and submit them to the DBS. Supply of DBS certificates is not mandatory, but if the PMSC does not provide DBS certificates then the cost of the checks will fall to the public purse. Although some police checks must still be carried out for each application, supply of a DBS certificate is likely to reduce the time taken to process the application. 28.10 The DBS will issue each applicant with a certificate based on the individualÕs criminal record, including any relevant local police information. This certificate can be submitted by the PMSC with the application. For the purposes of granting a section 5 authority, the DBS Disclosure should be no more than four months old at the time of application. The DBS has introduced an update service, which allows people (if they choose to subscribe to it and pay a small fee) to apply for a criminal record check to refresh their existing certificate,