may apply to the High Court for a declaration to that effect, and that accordingly the office of police and crime commissioner for the area is vacant. (2) An application under subsection (1) in respect of any person may be made whether the grounds on which it is made are alleged to have subsisted at the time when the person was elected or to have arisen subsequently. (3) No declaration may be made under this section in respect of any person on grounds which subsisted when the person was elected, if an election petition under an order under section 58 is pending or has been tried in which the person's disqualification on those grounds is or was in issue. (4) Any person who claims that a person purporting to be a police and crime commissioner for a police area has ceased to be the police and crime commissioner for the police area by virtue ofÑ (a) section 63, or (b) section 70, (a) 70 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) may apply to the High Court for a declaration to that effect. (5) On an application under this sectionÑ (a) the person in respect of whom the application is made is to be the respondent, and (b) the applicant must give such security for the costs of the proceedings as the court may direct. (6) The amount of the security may not exceed £5,000 or such other sum as the Secretary of State F65... may specify by order. (7) The decision of the court on an application under this section is final. 72 Amendment of police areas: term of office of commissioner (1) Subsection (2) applies where a person becomes police and crime commissioner for a resulting police area by virtue of, or of an election required to be held by, a police area alteration order. (2) The person's term of office as police and crime commissioner ends at the time when it would end had the person been elected as police and crime commissioner at the previous ordinary election of commissioners in England or, as the case may be, Wales. (3) In this sectionÑ Òpolice area alteration orderÓ meansÑ (a) an order under section 32 of the Police Act 1996 (power to alter police areas by order); (b) an order under section 10 of the Local Government and Public Involvement in Health Act 2007 (implementation of Boundary Committee for England review of local government areas) which alters the boundary of any police area in England; (c) [F66an order under section 45 of the [F67Democracy and Boundary Commission Cymru etc. Act 2013] (recommendations for changes to police areas) which alters the boundary of