Òis, or has been, a constable in any part of the United KingdomÓ there is substituted Ò is eligible for appointment Ó. (6) After subsection (3) there is insertedÑ Ò(3A) A person is eligible for appointment if the person is or has beenÑ (a) a constable in any part of the United Kingdom, or (b) a police officer in an approved overseas police force, of at least the approved rank. (3B) An Òapproved overseas police forceÓ is a police force whichÑ (a) is in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom designated by regulations made by the Secretary of State, and (b) is designated in relation to that country or territory by the regulations. (3C) The Òapproved rankÓ for an approved overseas police force is the rank which is designated as the approved rank for that police force by the regulations. (3D) The College of Policing must recommend to the Secretary of State matters to be designated under this section. 124 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3E) The Secretary of State may make regulations under this section only if they give effect to a recommendation under subsection (3D).Ó 141 Financial arrangements etc for chief officers of police (1) In Schedule 2 to the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (chief constables), after paragraph 7 there is insertedÑ ÒFinancial arrangements etc 7A (1) A chief constable may, by way of temporary loan or overdraft from a bank or otherwise, borrow sums temporarily required by the chief constable, but onlyÑ (a) for the purpose of meeting expenses pending the receipt of revenues receivable by the chief constable in respect of the period of account in which the expenses are chargeable, (b) in sterling, and (c) with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner. (2) A chief constableÑ (a) may not borrow money except as permitted by sub-paragraph (1); (b) may not enter into a credit arrangement. (3) A chief constable may investÑ (a) for any purpose relevant to the chief constable's functions under any enactment, or (b) for the purpose of the prudent management of the chief constable's financial affairs, but only with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner. (4) The following provisions of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 (capital finance etc and accounts) apply in relation to a chief constable as they apply in relation to a local authorityÑ