apply, Court of Appeal case law is a barrier (R v Curtis and R v Widdows) in that these behaviours have been found not to apply in ongoing intimate relationships where abuse is interspersed with affection. Changes to the law 10. The Serious Crime Act explicitly criminalises patterns of coercive or controlling behaviour where they are perpetrated against an intimate partner or family member. Like stalking this behaviour, when viewed in isolation, may appear unexceptional, but the cumulative impact on the victimÕs every-day life will be significant, causing the victim to feel fear, alarm or distress. 11. We recognise the importance of ensuring this new offence is clear, proportionate and does not impact on ordinary power dynamics in relationships. As such, the repeated or continuous nature of the behaviour and the ability of a reasonable person to appreciate that the behaviour will have a serious effect on its victim, are key elements of the new offence. 12. A defence is also included to provide a further safeguard against inappropriate use of the new offence. The defence will be available where the defendant can show that they believed they were acting in the victimÕs best interests and that their behaviour was objectively reasonable. This defence is intended to cover, for example, circumstances where someone was a carer for a mentally ill spouse, who by virtue of their medical condition, had to be kept in the home or compelled to take medication, for their own protection or in their own best interests. In this context, the spouseÕs behaviour might be considered controlling, but would be reasonable under the circumstances. The defence will not be available in cases where the defendant has caused the victim to fear violence. 13. In line with stalking legislation, and in recognition of the damage coercive and controlling behaviour can do to its victims, the new domestic abuse offence attracts a maximum penalty of five yearsÕ imprisonment or a fine, or both. Home Office March 2015 Serious Crime Act 2015 Factsheet Ð female genital mutilation Background 1. Female genital mutilation (ÒFGMÓ) involves procedures that include the partial or total removal of the external female genital organs for non-medical reasons. The practice is extremely painful and has serious health consequences both at the time when the mutilation is carried out and in later life. 2. The age at which girls undergo FGM varies enormously according to the community. The procedure may be carried out when the girl is newborn, during childhood or adolescence, just before marriage or during the first pregnancy. However, the majority of cases of FGM are thought to take place between the ages of five and eight. 3. FGM has been a specific criminal offence in the UK since 1985 when the (UK- wide) Prohibition of Female Circumcision Act (Òthe 1985 ActÓ) was passed. The Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 (Òthe 2003 ActÓ) replaced the 1985 Act in England, Wales and Northern Ireland1. It modernised the offence of FGM and the offence of assisting a girl