in Northern Ireland in the same way as they apply in England, but see information in Chapter 12 in relation to the Police Service of Northern Ireland. 6.1. 6.36. This section provides practical guidance on taking forward a BCM programme within a Category 1 responder organisation. It describes the discipline of BCM and outlines a methodology for implementing it. Category 1 responders must have regard to this material and may find it useful in fulfilling their duties under the Act. While the Government considers this to be a sound approach, Category 1 responders may use other models to deliver statutory requirements where there are compelling reasons for doing so. 6.37. The Government is keen to give Category 1 responders the flexibility to make the best use of the resources and expertise available to them. The Regulations permit Category 1 responders to enter into collaborative arrangements in order to fulfil the BCM duty1. 5 Category 1 responders may: o deliver the duty separately; o deliver the duty jointly (e.g. by forming a joint BCM unit or resource); o agree that one Category 1 responder will facilitate the delivery of a BCM programme on behalf of a number of other Category 1 responders; or o enter into collaborative arrangements in which one or more Category 1 responder gives assistance to others in fulfilling their BCM duties (e.g. managing the overarching programme, developing framework plans). 15 regulations 8 and 9 6.38. However, BCM must be owned and driven within the organisation itself - and engage the expertise and resources of its staff - in order to be effective. While collaborative arrangements can be used to make use of BCM expertise or resources in other Category 1 responders, responsibility for the robustness of BCM arrangements must remain within the organisation. What is business continuity and business continuity management? 6.39. Business continuity 16 is the strategic and tactical capability of the organisation to plan for and respond to incidents and business disruptions in order to continue business operations at an acceptable predefined level. 6.40. Business continuity management provides the strategic framework for improving an organisationÕs resilience to interruption. Its purpose is to facilitate the recovery of key business systems and processes within agreed time frames, while maintaining the delivery of the Category 1 responderÕs identified critical functions. It assists organisations to anticipate, prepare for, prevent, respond to and recover from disruptions, whatever their source and whatever aspect of the business they affect. 6.41. BCM is a holistic management process that identifies potential threats to an organisation and the impacts to business operations that those threats, if realised, might cause. It also provides a framework for building organisational resilience with the capability for an effective response that safeguards the interests of its key stakeholders, reputation, brand and core business activities. Business continuity management involves managing the recovery or continuation of activities in the event of a disruption, and management of the overall programme through training, exercises and reviews, to ensure business continuity plans stay current and