23 7.1 Accountability 23 7.2 Post-incident investigations 23 7.3 Role of Independent Investigatory Authority 25 7.4 Community impact 25 8 Promulgation of learning 26 8.1 Promulgation of good practice 26 8.2 Safety critical incidents in training 26 9 Maintenance, storage and accounting of weapons and munitions 27 9.1 Procedures 27 9.2 Fault reporting 27 9.3 Storage 27 9.4 Auditing and accounting 27 7.1 1 Introduction 1.1 Purpose of the code 1.1.1 The purpose of this code is to: ? set out the responsibilities of the chief officer in relation to armed policing and less lethal weapons (section 3) ? set out the basic principles in relation to the selection, evaluation, approval, authorisation, acquisition and use of firearms, specialist munitions and less lethal weapons by police ? set out the manner in which those principles are implemented within the police service ? provide a statement on standards of competence, accreditation and operational practice relating to armed policing and less lethal weapons ? ensure that observance of these principles, and the standards for implementation, results in a systematic programme of continuous development of police policy, practice and capability ? promote compatibility of operating procedures for such weapons to support procedures for evaluation and maintaining standards of competence, and to support operations involving officers drawn from more than one force ? foster the identification and promulgation of good practice, and encourage and support the continuing development and improvement of police responses to the requirement identified in the armed policing strategic threat and risk assessment (APSTRA), (refer to section 3.2). 1.2 Statutory basis of the code 1.2.1 This code of practice comes into effect on 14 January 2020 and replaces the Code of Practice on Police Use of Firearms and Less Lethal Weapons published November 2003. 1.2.2 This code of practice has been issued by the College of Policing with the approval of the Secretary of State for the Home Department. It is made under section 39A of the Police Act 1996, which allows the College of Policing, with the approval of the Secretary of State, to issue codes of practice relating to the discharge of their functions by chief officers of police if the College of Policing considers that: 1.1.1 ? it is necessary to do so in order to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of police forces generally ? it is necessary to do so in order to facilitate the carrying out by members of any two or more police forces of joint or coordinated operations, or ? it is for any other reason in the national interest to do so. 1.2.3 It applies directly to the police forces maintained for the police areas of England and Wales defined in section 1 of the Police Act 1996 (or as defined in any subsequent legislation). 1.2.4 It applies particularly to chief officers in the discharge of their duties. 1.2.5 It is available for adoption by non-Home Office police forces and agencies1 in England and Wales and by other jurisdictions within the United Kingdom.