Crime (Disclosure Orders: Confiscation Investigations) (Specified Person) Order 2014, SI 2014/3207. The Director of the Serious Fraud Office has been specified as a prosecutor for the purposes of section 357(8)(b) (a confiscation investigation carried out by an AFI). 4 See section 375A. 5 See section 341(3). 5. This Code includes a section on general provisions relating to all orders and warrants (paragraphs 17 to 54) followed by detailed sections on each of the following topics: • Production orders (paragraphs 55 to 73); • Search and seizure warrants (paragraphs 74 to 121); • Customer information orders (paragraphs 122 to 131); • Account monitoring orders (paragraphs 132 to 142); • Disclosure orders (paragraphs 143 to 243); and • Obtaining evidence from abroad (paragraphs 244 to 251). 6. There are separate codes of practice issued by the Secretary of State and the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland in respect of the Part 8 investigation powers when they are exercised by law enforcement officers, namely the Director General of the NCA and members of his staff, constables, officers of HMRC, immigration officers and AFIs6. This Code mirrors, in all significant respects, that issued by the Secretary of State and the Department of Justice. Persons to whom this Code applies 7. This Code provides guidance to: (a) the relevant Directors in their role as appropriate officers in civil recovery investigations in England, Wales and Northern Ireland; (b) the relevant Directors in their role as relevant authorities in relation to an application for a disclosure order in England, Wales and Northern Ireland; (c) a specified person in their role as relevant authority in relation to an application for a disclosure order in England, Wales and Northern Ireland; and (d) the relevant Directors when making requests for assistance under section 375A in relation to evidence which the Director thinks is overseas in connection with a civil recovery investigation, a detained cash investigation or an exploitation proceeds investigation. 6 An AFI is a civilian investigator accredited by the NCA. The AFI will also have to fall within a category given in an order issued by the Secretary of State under section 453 to have access to some or all of the powers of investigation. 8. Anything which a relevant Director is authorised or required to do under, or in relation to, Part 8 of POCA may also be done by a member of the Director in questionÕs staff, if the member of staff is authorised by that Director (whether generally or specifically) for that purpose. Also, anything which one of the Directors or a member of the Director in questionÕs staff is authorised or required to do under, or in relation to, Part 8 of POCA, may be done by a person providing services under arrangements made by that Director, if the person providing services is authorised by the Director (whether generally or specifically) for that purpose7. Therefore, this Code also applies to the exercise of functions by a member of a relevant DirectorÕs staff, or to