interviews with witnesses was finally resolved when the revised PACE Codes of Practice were published on 1st April 2003. The paragraphs of Code C have been re-numbered a little so that what used to be 11.14 became 11.15. The revised paragraph in the most recent edition (2008) of the Codes now says: A juvenile or person who is mentally disordered or otherwise mentally vulnerable must not be interviewed regarding their involvement or suspected involvement in a criminal offence or offences, or asked to provide or sign a written statement under caution or record of interview, in the absence of the appropriate adult unless paragraphs 11.1, 11.18 to 11.20 apply. See Note 11C The effect of this is that appropriate adults are no longer required in interviews with witnesses. The ACPO Position While appropriate adults are no longer required, witnesses who fall within the scope of the interview guidance that succeeded the Memorandum of Good Practice, Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceeding: Guidance on Interviewing Victims and Witnesses, and Using Special Measures (Office for Criminal Justice Reform 2007) are entitled to an interview supporter if they want one. It is important to note that, unlike the Memorandum of Good Practice, Achieving Best Evidence refers to all investigative interviews with vulnerable, intimidated or significant witnesses they are recorded on video or not (Introduction, page 1, paragraph 1). The role of an interview supporter is quite different to that of an appropriate adult. The role of an interviewer supporter is effectively defined by Achieving Best Evidence in the instructions that should be given to them as follows: The supporter must be clearly instructed not to participate in the interview itself, whether by instructing or correcting the child, answering the interviewerÕs questions, head nodding or facial expressions (paragraph 2.103). Interview supporters must be clearly told that their role is limited to providing emotional support and that they must not prompt or speak for the witness, especially on any matters relevant to the investigation (paragraph 3.124 and 4.75). These extracts from Achieving Best Evidence suggest that the role of an interview supporter is a rather passive one confined to providing emotional support to the witness. In contrast, the role of an appropriate adult is far more active as suggested by the information that they should be given: If an appropriate adult is present at an interview, they shall be informed: • they are not expected to act simply as an observer; and • the purpose of their presence is to: - advise the person being interviewed; - observe whether the interview is being conducted properly and fairly; - facilitate communication with the person being interviewed. (Code C, paragraph 11.17 and Annex E). Given that there is no role for an appropriate adult in a witness interview, there is a risk that the witnessÕs evidence may be ruled inadmissible where a third party present during an interview with a witness behaves in manner more consistent with the role of an appropriate adult than an interview supporter