also detain you at a police station for assessment under the Mental Health Act if you are aged 18 or over and because there is a risk that your behaviour is going to cause serious injury or death to you or to others, you cannot be reasonably expected to be detained anywhere else. If you have been detained under the Mental Health Act this does not mean that you have been arrested for an offence. It means that the police must arrange for you to be seen by a doctor and an Approved Mental Health Professional qualified to carry out the assessment. You must be assessed within 24 hours of your arrival, or of being detained at the police station, but the police will try to arrange this as soon as possible. At a police station, the 24-hour detention period for assessment may be extended by a further 12 hours if a doctor considers it is necessary and a very senior police officer approves it. During this time the police may transfer you to a more suitable location to enable the assessment to take place. While you are waiting to be assessed, the police may arrange for you to be seen by an Approved Healthcare Practitioner. They cannot make the assessment, but they will help you with any other health concerns you may have and help explain what the assessment means. Independent Custody Visitors There are members of the community who are allowed access to police stations unannounced. They are known as independent custody visitors and work on a voluntary basis to make sure that detained people are being treated properly and have access to rights. You do not have a right to see an independent custody visitor or to ask them to visit you but a visitor may ask to see you. If an independent custody visitor does visit you while you are in custody they will be acting independently of the police to check that your welfare and rights have been protected. However, you do not have to speak to them if you do not wish to. How to make a complaint If you want to complain about the way you have been treated, ask to speak to a police officer who is an inspector or a higher rank. After being released, you can also make a complaint at any police station, to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) or through a solicitor or your MP on your behalf. ANNEX A: GRANT DETERMINATION 2022 TO 2024 Offensive Weapons Act 2019 Ð Trading Standards costs for sales and delivery provisions relating to corrosive products Grant Determination 2022 to 2024: No 31/7142. The Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire within the Home Office (Òthe Minister of StateÓ), in exercise of the powers conferred by section 31 of the Local Government Act 2003, makes the following determination: Citation 1. This determination may be cited as the Offensive Weapons Act 2019 Ð Trading Standards costs Grant Determination 2022 to 2024 [31/7142].