call upon an assistant chief constable of that police force to resign or retire. (5) An assistant chief constable must resign or retire if called upon to do so by the chief constable in accordance with subsection (4). (6) Subsections (2) to (5) are subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (7) Subsections (3) to (5) are subject to Part 3 of Schedule 8 (suspension and removal of other senior police officers). (8) In this section Òpolice forceÓ means the police force for a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996 (police areas outside London). 41 Power of deputy to exercise functions of chief constable (1) The appropriate deputy chief constable of a police force may exercise or perform any or all of the functions of the chief constable of the forceÑ (a) during any period when the chief constable is unable to exercise functions, or (b) at any other time, with the consent of the chief constable. (2) For the purposes of subsection (1), the appropriate deputy chief constable isÑ (a) if the police force has only one deputy chief constable, the deputy chief constable; (b) if the police force has more than one deputy chief constable, the most senior deputy chief constable. (3) If the police force has more than one deputy chief constable, the chief constable must designate the deputy chief constables in order of seniority for the purposes of subsection (2)(b). (4) During any absence, incapacity or suspension from duty of the person whoÑ (a) is designated as the most senior deputy chief constable for the purposes of subsection (2)(b), or (b) is treated under this section as the most senior deputy chief constable, the person designated as the next most senior deputy chief constable is to be treated as the most senior one for the purposes of subsection (2)(b). (5) The assistant chief constable designated for this purpose by the chief constable of the force may exercise any or all of the chief constable's functions during any period whenÑ (a) the chief constable is unable to exercise functions, and (a) 40 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) a deputy chief constable is unable to exercise functions. (6) The chief constable of the force must designate an assistant chief constable of the force for the purposes of subsection (5). (7) Only one person is authorised to act at any one time by virtue of a designation by the chief constable. (8) The chief constable must consult the relevant police and crime commissioner before making a designation for the purposes of subsection (2)(b) or (5). (9) This section is