any charge for it. A publication scheme is therefore both a public commitment to make certain information available and a guide to how that information can be obtained. All publication schemes have to be approved by the Information Commissioner and should be reviewed by authorities periodically to ensure they are accurate and up to date. More information can be found at http://www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk Design and distribution 7.67. All material produced should look interesting and attractive enough for people to want to read it, otherwise it may be a waste of resources. 7.68. It is a good idea to seek professional design and editing assistance. If professional support is not available, advice on good practice is available online and in published manuals. 7.69. Once a product is available, the public will need to know about it. Unless it is going to be mailed directly to householders, people will need to be told how to get copies. This may be achieved by the conventional range of publicity methods. 7.70. Avoiding duplication of effort is important. Good communication between responder bodies should include development of joint programmes for the production of general information material. 7.71. It is good professional practice to evaluate the effectiveness of every information campaign. If this is done, evaluation should include research which shows how well any specialist versions have met the needs of vulnerable members of the community. 7.1. Reaching vulnerable persons and those who have difficulty understanding the message 7.72. The needs of vulnerable people will be evident in some areas, which have, for example, a high proportion of elderly residents who may welcome the option of a large print version of a document, or where there may be significant numbers who speak a minority ethnic language. Where vulnerable members of the community are in the care of an institution such as a school or old peopleÕs home, the most effective delivery of information will be through the management. Where vulnerable members of the community are not cared for within an institution, local responders should consider going through interest groups or voluntary sector organisations to disseminate messages. It may be that the most effective communications route is a single leaflet expressed in very simple language (or more than one language) backed up with pictures and symbols, which includes a request that the reader should share the information with family, friends and neighbours who are not able to read the information themselves. Research shows that it can be particularly effective to communicate with children, who then act as a conduit for the message to reach other family members. It should include a link to Directgov emergency pages which have useful prompts/questions to encourage people to be prepared. The Red Cross has produced a family of products and resources to inform and prepare organisations, communities and individuals to work together, at www.informedprepared.eu. 7.1. 7.73. Vulnerable groups will be a changing entity depending on the event (e.g. hard of hearing, elderly, transient population, etc) and might change during the event. Responders