loss, destruction or damage There is stronger legal protection for more sensitive information, such as: race ethnic background political opinions religious beliefs trade union membership genetics biometrics (where used for identification) health sex life or orientation There are separate safeguards for personal data relating to criminal convictions and oﬀences. Your rights Under the legislation, you have rights in relation to your personal data, with some exceptions. These include the right to: be informed about how your data is being used access personal data have incorrect data updated have data erased stop or restrict the processing of your data data portability (allowing you to get and reuse your data for diﬀerent services) object to how your data is processed in certain circumstances You also have rights when an organisation is using your personal data for: automated decision-making processes (without human involvement) profiling, for example to predict your behaviour or interests If you’re concerned about how an organisation is handling your personal data Contact the ICO for advice or to make a complaint. ICO Telephone: 0303 123 1113 Textphone: 18001 0303 123 1113 Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm Find out about call charges Information Commissioner’s Oﬃce Wycliﬀe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF You can find more contact details on the ICO website. Next Find out what data an organisation has about you View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Police Reform Act 2002 2002 CHAPTER 30 An Act to make new provision about the supervision, administration, functions and conduct of police forces, police officers and other persons serving with, or carrying out functions in relation to, the police; to amend police powers and to provide for the exercise of police powers by persons who are not police officers; to amend the law relating to anti-social behaviour orders; to amend the law relating to sex offender orders; and for connected purposes. [24th July 2002] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— Part 1 Powers of the Secretary of State National Policing Plan After section 36 of the 1996 Act there shall be inserted— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 – Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to