subsection (3), omit Ò, (e), (eza)Ó. (4) In subsection (4)(a)Ñ (a) after Òeconomic prosperity board,Ó insert Ò or Ó; (b) omit the words from Òor a police authorityÓ to ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ. 105 In section 101 (arrangements for discharge of functions by local authorities), in subsection (13) omit Òexcept a police authorityÓ. 106 (1) Section 107 (application of foregoing provisions to police authorities) is amended as follows. (2) In the title, for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (3) For subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) In their application to the Common Council as police authority, sections 101 to 106 shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section (and in those provisions references to the Common Council are references to the Council as police authority).Ó. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 275 (4) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for ÒA police authorityÓ substitute Ò The Common Council Ó; (b) for Òanother police authorityÓ substitute Ò another local policing body Ó; (c) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (5) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for the words from ÒbyÓ to the end substitute Ò by the Common Council Ó. (6) In subsection (3A)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (c) for Òthe authority'sÓ substitute Òthe Common Council'sÓ. (7) In subsection (3B)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òthat authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (8) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (9) In subsection (4A)(c), for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (10) In subsection (5), for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (11) Omit subsection (7). (12) In subsection (8)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òany such authority or authoritiesÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (c) for the words from ÒbyÓ to the end, substitute Ò by the Common Council Ó. 107 In section 120 (acquisition of land compulsorily by principal councils), after subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3A) Police and crime commissioners and the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime are to be treated as principal councils for the purposes ofÑ (a) this section (apart from subsection (1)(b)), and (b) section 121.Ó. 108 (1) Section 146A (Joint Authorities) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ 276 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments