may retain for a purpose within subsection (1) a document or article supplied by virtue of subsection (3); (b) may dispose of a document or article supplied by virtue of subsection (3). (5) A power conferred by this section on HMRC or the RCPO may be exercised on behalf of HMRC or the RCPO by a person who is authorised (generally or specifically) for the purpose. (6) In this section and section 41B Òcustoms functionÓ and Ògeneral customs functionÓ have the meanings given by Part 1 of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009. 41B UK Border Agency: onward disclosure (1) A person to whom information is supplied under section 41A may not disclose that information. (2) But subsection (1) does not apply to a disclosureÑ (a) which is made for the purpose of a customs function, where the disclosure does not contravene any restriction imposed by the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs; (b) which is made for the purposes of civil proceedings (whether or not within the United Kingdom) relating to a customs function; (c) which is made for the purpose of a criminal investigation or criminal proceedings (whether or not within the United Kingdom); (d) which is made in pursuance of an order of a court; (e) which is made with the consent (which may be general or specific) of HMRC or the RCPO, depending on by whom or on whose behalf the information was supplied; (f) which is made with the consent of each person to whom the information relates. (3) Subsection (1) is subject to any other enactment permitting disclosure. (4) The reference in subsection (1) to information supplied under section 41A includes a reference to documents or articles supplied by virtue of subsection (3) of that section. (5) The reference in that subsection to a person to whom information is supplied includes a reference to a person who is or was acting on behalf of that person. (6) In subsection (3) ÒenactmentÓ does not includeÑ (a) an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (b) an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly, or (c) an instrument made under an Act within paragraph (a) or (b).Ó (2) In section 42(1) of that Act (wrongful disclosure) after Òsection 41Ó insert Ò or 41B Ó. 21 Duty to share information (1) In section 36 of the Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act 2006 (c. 13) (duty to share information), in subsection (1), for paragraph (a) substituteÑ (1) Ò(a) designated customs officials, (aa) immigration officers, (ab) the Secretary of State in so far as the Secretary of State has general customs functions, (ac) the Secretary of State in so far as the Secretary of State has functions relating to immigration, asylum or nationality, (ad) the Director of Border Revenue and any person exercising functions of the Director,Ó. (2) In subsection (6)(a) of that section, after ÒpersonsÓ insert Ò or descriptions of persons Ó. (3) In subsection (9) of that section, at the appropriate place insertÑ ÒÒdesignated customs officialÓ and Ògeneral