This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) subjected to local resolution may not be made unless the Commission approves the determination. (10) No more than one application may be made to the Commission for the purposes of sub-paragraph (9) in respect of the same complaint. (11) Sub-paragraph (9) (where applicable) is in addition to sub-paragraphs (6) to (8).Ó. F217(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3) In section 22 (power of the Commission to issue guidance), in subsection (5)(c), omit sub-paragraph (ii) (and the word ÒandÓ at the end of sub-paragraph (i)).Ó. Disapplication of requirements of Schedule 3 to 2002 Act F218 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Conduct matters arising in civil proceedings 11 (1) In Schedule 3 (handling of complaints and conduct matters), paragraph 10 (conduct matters arising in civil proceedings) is amended in accordance with sub-paragraphs (2) to (4). (2) In sub-paragraph (3), for Òrecord that matterÓ substitute Ò determine whether the matter is one which it or he is required to refer to the Commission under paragraph 13 or is one which it would be appropriate to so refer Ó. (3) For sub-paragraph (4) substituteÑ Ò(4) In a case where the appropriate authority determines that the matter is one which it or he is required to refer to the Commission under paragraph 13, or is one which it would be appropriate to so refer, it or he shall record the matter. (4A) In any other case, the appropriate authority shall determine whether the matter falls within a description of matters specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this sub-paragraph. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Police: complaints Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 231 (4B) In a case where the appropriate authority determines that the matter does not fall within such a description, it or he shall record the matter. (4C) In any other case, the appropriate authority may (but need not) record the matter. (4D) In a case where the appropriate authorityÑ (a) records a matter under this paragraph, and (b) is not required to refer the matter to the Commission under paragraph 13 and does not do so, the appropriate authority may deal with the matter in such other manner (if any) as it or he may determine.Ó.