exemptions may be divided into two groups; those that concern possession and purchase and acquisition, and those that concern only possession. The exemptions are dealt with in this way in the following two sections of this chapter. Possession and purchase or acquisition of any type of firearm or ammunition without a certificate Firearms dealers and their servants 6.2 The exemption in section 8(1) of the 1968 Act covers the possession, purchase and acquisition of firearms and ammunition in the ordinary course of the dealerÕs business. It extends to dealers and their servants. There is no legal definition of a ÒservantÓ, but it should be noted that a letter of authority does not automatically make someone a ÒservantÓ for these purposes. An employee of the dealer working for a firearms-related business would be a Òservant,Ó but it is not the case that anyone whose services the dealer uses on any occasion will necessarily be a servant e.g. a self-employed outworker (such as an engraver). In these circumstances the outworker would be required to register as a firearms dealer. The possession of the firearms and ammunition by a servant may only be for the ordinary business of the dealer as directed by the RFD holder. 6.3 A registered firearms dealer must have a firearm certificate or shot gun certificate as appropriate for any gun they possess for uses unconnected with their dealership. Under section 3(3) of the 1968 Act, a person is prohibited from undertaking the repair, test or proof of a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or of a shot gun, unless the person seeking the repair or other work produces a certificate authorising their possession of the firearm or ammunition, or the shot gun, or alternatively shows that they are entitled to have it without a certificate. Miniature rifle ranges 6.4 Under section 11(4) of the 1968 Act, a person conducting or carrying on a miniature rifle range (whether for a rifle club or otherwise), or shooting gallery at which only miniature rifles not exceeding .23 inch calibre or air weapons not declared by the Secretary of State to be specially dangerous are used, may, without holding a firearm certificate, purchase, acquire or have in their possession such miniature rifles and suitable ammunition. Persons using the range are exempt from holding a firearm certificate in respect only of the use of such miniature rifles and ammunition at the range or gallery. 40 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 6.5 Any further exemption in the case of a club can only be secured by obtaining approval from the Secretary of State (see Chapter 17). It should be noted that ÒExemption CertificatesÓ issued by the ShowmanÕs Guild or the National Small-bore Rifle Association have no legal force but can be considered proof that somebody was operating a miniature rifle range or shooting gallery. There is however no obligation on the operator of the range or gallery to produce any form of documentation, and the police would