core objectives of the research were to understand: What types of technology are being used, and for what purpose; BusinessesÕ cyber security practices Ð in general terms, and specific to AI; BusinessesÕ future plans in relation to AI and cyber security; and How these activities and attitudes vary across businesses in different sectors and of different sizes. A glossary which includes definitions of the different types of AI can be found in the Appendix at the end of this report. Key findings The survey sought to create a robust sample base of businesses that were adopting at least one AI technology as well as businesses that planned to adopt AI in the future to ensure robust findings could be drawn. 68% of these businesses in the survey were currently using at least one AI technology, while 32% had plans to adopt AI in the future. Of the businesses currently using AI, 64% were deploying one type of AI technology, 22% were using two types of AI and 14% were using three or more. Among those currently using AI, natural language processing and generation was most common with 38% of businesses deploying it. 27% utilised machine learning, 25% used computer vision, image processing and generation, 9% used hardware related to AI and 8% used robotic process automation. For each type of AI technology, over half of businesses have been using it for at least one year. In the case of machine learning, over half of businesses (52%) have been using it for over 3 years. Among those who have not yet deployed AI but have plans to do so, they most commonly planned to do this Ð across all AI technologies Ð in more than a yearÕs time. Each AI technology was most commonly adopted through the purchase of external software or ready-to-use systems (ranging from 38% to 60%). Around one in five businesses developed machine learning (21%) and hardware related to AI (19%) in-house. AI development most likely to be outsourced was for hardware related to AI (34%). The main reason cited for using AI technologies was financial or cost savings to their business (35%). 14% employed it to help write documents. 13% cited speed and efficiency purposes, and a further 12% used it for content generation more broadly. Of those currently using AI technologies, nearly half of respondents (47%) had no specific cyber security practices in place specifically for AI and 13% were unsure. Among those planning to use AI in the future, 25% said that their organisation would not have specific cyber security practices or processes in place explicitly regarding the AI technology, once the planned technologies were deployed, and a further 25% were unsure. Of those without or not intending to have specific AI cyber security practices or processes, there were a few key reasons as to why they had not adopted specific practices. 14% had not considered it or did not know enough about it, and 14% said they do not use AI for anything sensitive.