Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 183 (b) if a resolution of the panel under sub-paragraph (4) is in force, the number of co-opted members specified in that resolution. (4) A police and crime panel may resolve that the panel is to have the number of co-opted members specified in the resolution; but no such resolution may be passed unlessÑ (a) that number of co-opted members is greater than two; (b) the Secretary of State agrees that the panel should have that number of co- opted members; and (c) the total membership of the panel, including that number of co-opted members, would not exceed 20. (5) A police and crime panel is not a committee or joint committee of any local authority or local authorities. Wales: persons appointed by the Secretary of State as members of panels 14 In this Part of this Schedule, a reference to a person appointed by the Secretary of State as a member of a Welsh police and crime panel is a reference toÑ (a) a person nominated by a relevant local authority to be a member of the panel, and appointed by the Secretary of State as a member of the panel, in accordance with paragraph 16 (2) to (4)(a), or (b) a person nominated by the Secretary of State to be a member of the panel, and appointed by the Secretary of State as a member of the panel, in accordance with paragraph 16 (4)(b) to (6). Wales: Secretary of State to ask local authorities to nominate members of panels 15 (1) This paragraph applies in relation to a Welsh police and crime panel if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the number of appointed members of the panel is less than the full complement. (2) In the case of a police and crime panel for a single-authority police area, the Secretary of State must ask the relevant local authority to nominate the appropriate number of the authority's councillors to be members of the panel. (3) In the case of a police and crime panel for a multi-authority police area, the Secretary of State mustÑ (a) decide which of the relevant local authorities to ask to make nominations under this sub-paragraph (the Ònominating authoritiesÓ); (b) decide what number of nominations under this sub-paragraph each nominating authority is to be asked to make; and (c) ask each nominating authority to nominate that number of the authority's councillors to be members of the panel. (a) 184 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform