representative of the good reason to believe total group of interest. that the people in the report may show more benefit than others. 4) Is any change A comparison group Analysis only looks seen really due to the has been identified, at before-programme programme? so an analysis can be versus after-programme done of what would Ð something else could have happened had be responsible for any the programme not changes. been in place. Key questions to ask Be confident if... Be wary if... 5) Are any claimed Benefits have been The time period when benefits sustained? noted over a reasonable benefits have been time period, not just claimed seems short, immediately after the or is unclear. programme. 6) Would this work in There is enough The problem being my school or college? information for you tackled is very different to say that you could from the one you replicate success in are facing, or the your specific context, programme was put or the programme was in place in a very implemented in an different context. environment similar to yours. Try to... Because... 1) Identify and then address a specific issue Successful approaches tend to address particular issues, are shaped to fit particular contexts, and are based on a thorough understanding of the problem. For example, research in schools suggests that violence programmes with an anti-gangs focus that followed a formal needs assessment (based on data to identify areas for improvement) were associated with better methods, involved more students, and achieved a higher level of use.31 2) Target the right age group While you may need to address a specific problem immediately with an older age group (for example, knife carrying), generally there is better evidence of improvements across a range of outcomes for early-stage interventions. Early-stage interventions may prevent problems that lead to an individual becoming involved in violence. 3) Consider the causes of violence Research has identified factors that tend to be associated with violent victimisation or offending, although no single factor ÔcausesÕ violence.32 In addition to contextual elements, key factors relate to the individuals themselves (for example, whether they have mental health or substance abuse difficulties), their relationships (poor parental support, problematic peer networks), and their community (high crime levels, local drug markets, difficulties in accessing victim care services). To prevent violence, you could look for evidence of problems across the risk factors above, and try to target them with a range of programmes. Try to... Because... 4) Work in partnership Working in partnership with other organisations can help you to understand and address contextual factors (for example, violent events, availability of weapons) that might be encouraging violence in your educational establishment. 5) Evaluate what you have done Evaluation promotes accountability, helps to establish what has been achieved, and can inform the development and improvement of the programme in the absence of initial evidence. A good evaluation plan will have a set of questions that need to be answered and a clear process identified for addressing them, including