range of firearms design and are generally more stringent than the preceding (1989) standards. 2.18 Section 8 of the 1988 Act is an evidential provision and does not preclude the possibility that a firearm which has been deactivated in some other manner may also have ceased to be a firearm within the meaning of the 1968 Act. For example, guns held by museums that were recovered from wrecked ships and aircraft may 9 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law be corroded to the point that they cannot be fired. This should not be confused with wear or missing parts that can be replaced. The final arbiter of whether the article fulfils the definition of a firearm for the purposes of section 57(1) of the 1968 Act is a court. 2.19 See the gov.uk website for published information on the current UK standards which are designed to ensure that deactivated firearms are rendered irreversibly inoperable. These standards came into force on 28 June 2018 and have been applied by the Proof Houses to firearms submitted to them on or after that date. The standards do not apply to firearms deactivated prior to then unless those firearms are transferred or placed on the market. Defectively deactivated firearms 2.20 Section 8A of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 requires the Secretary of State to publish technical standards for deactivation. The link in the previous paragraph refers. The Act introduced a new offence of making a defectively deactivated weapon available for sale or as a gift to another person or to sell it or give it (as a gift) to another person. The offence does not apply if the weapon is made available for sale or as a gift to a person who is outside of the UK on the basis that if the sale or gift were to take place, the weapon would be transferred to a place outside of the UK. 2.21 An exception under the 1988 Act applies to museums that hold a museum firearms licence. Such museums can continue to make available for sale or as a gift (as the case may be), defectively deactivated firearms to another museum firearms licence holder without the need for the firearms to be deactivated to newer standards. 2.22 Something is a Ôdefectively deactivated weaponÕ if: a) it was at any time a firearm b) it has been rendered incapable of discharging any shot, bullet or other missile (and, accordingly, has either ceased to be a firearm or is a firearm only by virtue of the Firearms Act 1982), but c) it has not been rendered so incapable in a way that meets the technical specifications for the deactivation of the weapon that apply at the time when the weapon is made available for sale or as a gift or (as the case may be) when it is sold or given as a gift. 2.23 A person guilty of an offence under this section is, on summary conviction, liable to a term of imprisonment not exceeding