as good practice local authorities should publish the following information about their enforcement activity (for each of the environmental offences, including the new civil penalties for littering from vehicles): a. number of (a) fixed penalties notices and (b) civil penalty notices issued b. number of (a) fixed penalty notices and (b) civil penalty notices cancelled c. number of (a) fixed penalty notices and (b) civil penalty notices paid d. number of (a) fixed penalty notices and (b) civil penalty notices paid at discount rate e. number of prosecutions undertaken following non-payment of a fixed penalty notice (whether the case is concluded or not) f. number of prosecutions undertaken for environmental offences for which a fixed penalty notice was not offered g. number of civil penalty notices cancelled following an appeal made to an adjudicator h. number of civil penalty notices pursued as civil debts following non-payment i. number of fixed penalty or civil penalty notices written off for other reasons (e.g. procedural error, not in the public interest to pursue, alternative sanctions used etc.) j. total net income from (a) fixed penalty and (b) civil penalty notices for each of the environmental offences, and net income from civil penalty notices for littering from vehicles k. total spent on enforcement activity against (a) environmental offences and (b) littering from vehicles offences 11Q.4 Where external contractors are used, the full text of such contracts/legal agreements, should be placed in the public domain by the council - to provide additional scrutiny and reassurance that such contracts are not being used as a revenue raiser. The Local Government Transparency Code already requires that councils falling under the Code publish contracts over £5,000 and discourages the use of commercial confidentiality clauses to prevent such publication. As good practice, the Government would also encourage an annual breakdown of fines and revenue, which could be done through an annual scrutiny review. Appraising enforcement 11Q.5 Enforcement authorities should monitor their environmental offences policies, enforcement regimes and associated regulatory framework (including fixed penalty levels). They should appraise them when reviewing their local plans, local development framework or community strategy and make recommendations for improvements to members. Enforcement authorities should keep abreast of developments in neighbouring authorities and look into the benefits of consistent, and possibly collaborative, approaches to enforcement. 11Q.6 Appraisals should take account of any relevant information that has been collected as part of the environmental offences enforcement process, in particular about the practical effectiveness of the scheme. They will benefit from interviews with enforcement officers, who are in a unique position to identify changes to environmental offences patterns, and with office staff, who see disputes of liability and representations and the reasons for them. 11Q.7 Enforcement authorities should consult locally on their policies when they appraise them. Enforcement authorities should maintain regular dialogue and joint activity where appropriate with on-street contractors. The appraisal should take account of: a. existing and predicted levels of offending b. availability of relevant infrastructure, such as bins c. adequacy, accuracy and quality