officers of Revenue and Customs of a rank designated by the Commissioners for Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs as equivalent to that of a police officer of at least the rank of inspector.] Where the Secretary of State proposes to issue a code of practice the Secretary of State must— publish a draft, consider any representations made about the draft, if the Secretary of State thinks appropriate, modify the draft in the light of any such representations. The Secretary of State must lay a draft of the code before Parliament. When the Secretary of State has laid a draft of the code before Parliament the Secretary of State may bring it into operation by order. The Secretary of State may revise the whole or any part of the code and issue the code as revised; and subsections (2) to (4) apply to such a revised code as they apply to the original code. A failure by a person to comply with a provision of the code does not of itself make the person liable to criminal or civil proceedings. The code is admissible in evidence in criminal or civil proceedings and is to be taken into account by a court or tribunal in any case in which it appears to the court or tribunal to be relevant. Codes of practice: Department of Justice The Department of Justice must make a code of practice in connection with— the carrying out by constables and accredited financial investigators of the functions conferred by sections 195C to 195H, the carrying out by senior officers of their functions under section 195G, and the detention of property by— constables, accredited financial investigators, and members of staff of the relevant director (within the meaning of section 352(5A)(b)), under or by virtue of sections 190A, 193A and 195J to 195P. In subsection (1)(b) senior officers means— police officers of at least the rank of inspector, 76 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes accredited financial investigators who fall within a description specified in an order made for this purpose by the Secretary of State under section 453. Where the Department of Justice proposes to issue a code of practice the Department of Justice must— publish a draft, consider any representations made about the draft, if the Department of Justice thinks appropriate, modify the draft in the light of any such representations. The Department of Justice must lay a draft of the code before the Northern Ireland Assembly. When the Department of Justice has laid a draft