such consent or directions must be recorded in writing and signed by both the applicant or judicial authority and the appropriate person. 115. Where an appropriate person exercises a power of seizure conferred by section 50 of the CJPA, that appropriate person must at the earliest opportunity and unless it is impracticable to do so, provide the occupier of the premises or the person from whom the property was seized with a written notice: • specifying what has been seized in reliance on the powers conferred by that section; • specifying the grounds on which those powers have been exercised; • setting out the effect of sections 59 to 61 of the CJPA which cover the grounds on which a person with a relevant interest in seized property may apply to the appropriate judicial authority for its return and the duty to secure property in certain circumstances where such an application is made; • specifying the name and address of the person to whom notice of an application to the appropriate judicial authority in respect of any of the seized property must be given; and • specifying the name and address of the person to whom an application may be made to be allowed to attend the initial examination of the property. • 116. If the owner or occupier is not present but there is some other person there who is in charge of the premises, the notice must be given to that person. If there is no one on the premises to whom the notice may appropriately be given, it must either be left in a prominent place on the premises or attached to the exterior of the premises so that it will easily be found. Retention 117. Anything which has been seized under either POCA or the CJPA may be retained only for as long as is necessary in connection with the investigation for the purposes of which the warrant was issued. 118. Property should not be retained if a photograph or copy would be sufficient - appropriate officers and appropriate persons should be aware of the safeguards applied by section 356 and section 63 of the CJPA. Rights of owners etc. 119. If property is retained under POCA or the CJPA, the o w n e r o r occupier of the premises on which it was seized or the person who had custody or control of it immediately prior to its seizure should on request be provided with a list or description of the property within a reasonable time. 120. That person or their representative should be allowed supervised access to the property to examine it or have it photographed or copied, or must be provided with a photograph or copy, in either case within a reasonable time of any request and at their own expense, unless the appropriate officer has reasonable grounds for believing that this would prejudice the investigation or any proceedings. A record of the grounds should be made in any case where