can only supply or sell wood fuel in volumes of less than 2 cubic metres if it is certified as ÔReady to BurnÕ. This confirms it has a moisture content of 20% or less. The Ready to Burn certification scheme applies to: firewood in single retail bags firewood supplied as a bulk delivery in loose volumes of less than 2 cubic metres wood briquettes in single retail bags wood briquettes supplied as a bulk delivery in loose volumes of less than 2 cubic metres Suppliers: getting wood fuel certified Suppliers must submit an application to get wood fuel certified. YouÕll need to: complete an application form provide a representative fuel sample provide evidence on how the moisture content of the wood is controlled. give the numbers and locations of your depots give the names of retail outlets and websites where your fuel is sold provide annual sales figures for the previous year to establish appropriate scheme fees agree to the conditions for certification and to comply with the rules After you apply, youÕll be told how long it will take to get your wood certified. YouÕll have to pay application, registration and any additional testing fees. If your wood meets the legal standards and youÕve paid the fees, it will be certified and youÕll be: added to the Ready to Burn certified wood fuels list given a certificate with a unique ID for each fuel certified sent a copy of the authorised Ready to Burn logo Renewing your certification Each certification period lasts for 12 months from the date it was approved. You must pay an annual certification fee plus annual testing fee before your renewal date. Sellers: storing and labelling Wood certified as Ready to Burn has a guaranteed moisture content of 20% or less. Make sure you store the wood properly, so that you do not sell it to customers damaged or wet. You can do this by storing the wood indoors, o? the ground or undercover. Rotate stock so that older stock is used up first. The wood must be correctly labelled when it is sold to third-party sellers and final customers. You must make sure the following details are either attached to the wood packaging, displayed alongside it on the shelf or next to the price: approved ÔReady to BurnÕ logo supplierÕs company name unique certification number You can check the supplierÕs details and certification number on the Woodsure website. If you sell online, make sure the logo for each fuel is displayed on the section of the webpage where the fuel is advertised. Crates or trailer loads of wood You do not need to get wood fuel sales of 2 cubic metres or more certified. You can include a note when you deliver the wood to explain it is dry. Suppliers who sell wood in volumes of 2 cubic metres or more must provide customers with this notice that explains how to dry , store and check the moisture of the wood before it is