be expected to attend the LRF meetings when relevant agenda items are tabled. They are likely to be represented by one of their number, which will report back to them. 2.140. Railway operators. Responsibility for operation and maintenance of the railway track rests currently principally with Network Rail. There are a number of train operating companies, organised on a national and regional basis and dealing with passengers and freight. During an emergency affecting the railways, the companies retain control of their operations and have to meet their obligations as prescribed by the regulator. Network Rail and some train operating companies are also responsible for operating mainline stations. It is crucial that these planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.53. 2.141. Freight train operators will in most cases be represented by Network Rail. In some instances it may be appropriate for passenger train operating companies to be represented by Network Rail also. 2.142. Airport operators. Not every LRF area will have an airport within it. And not every airport will be subject to the obligations. Only Òrelevant airport operatorsÓ are covered by the Act. ÓRelevant airport operatorsÓ are defined as those with an annual throughput of at least 50,000 passengers or 10,000 tonnes of freight. 2.143. During an emergency affecting an airport, the airport retains control of its operations and has to meet its obligations as prescribed by the regulator. It is crucial that its planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.144. Each airport is likely to represent itself directly in the LRF process, either at the main group or at a relevant sub-group. 2.145. Ports. Not every LRF area will have a port within it. And not every port will be subject to the obligations. ÒRelevant harbour authoritiesÓ are defined as those with an annual throughput of at least 200,000 passengers or 1.5 million tonnes of freight. During an emergency affecting a port, the harbour authority retains control of its operations and has to meet its obligations as prescribed by the Secretary of State. It is crucial that its planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.146. If more than one relevant harbour authority operates within an LRF area, they are likely to nominate a lead operator to attend either the main LRF group or a relevant subgroup. This role may be taken on by a representative of the British Ports Association. 2.53. 2.147. The Highways Agency is an executive agency of the Department for Transport (DfT), responsible for managing the English Strategic Road Network, comprising motorways and A-roads (primary routes). The Highways Agency does not operate in Wales, where WG has responsibility for trunk roads. Divided into a number of operational regions and areas, the work of the Highways