in the first instance. Line managers are responsible for ensuring compliance with Force polices through routine supervision of staff use of Force information systems. The Chief Constable has authorised the Professional Standards Department to undertake routine Intelligence lead and random audit of Force systems to ensure that appropriate and proportionate compliance is in place. Requests for specific additional audit of activity of an individual member of staffÕs use of Force systems must be made through formal application (Form 840). Before the Counter Corruption Unit undertake specific auditing requests they must be authorised by the Head of the Counter Corruption Unit. Audits concerning the recovery and review of stored/Archived data are not subject to provisions under The Investigatory Powers (Interception by Businesses etc. for Monitoring and Record-keeping Purposes) Regulations 2018. See Para 2 for Monitoring and Intercept provisions and authority level. The results of audits undertaken in respect of authorised specific requests will be supplied to the requesting individual in the first instance. It is incumbent on that individual to take advice from the Head of Professional Standards or Head of Human Resources before proceeding with any form of administrative or disciplinary action. 25.3 Records In cases where criminal conduct is being investigated, Professional Standards will maintain monitoring records. 26. AUTOMATED RESTRICTIONS To enable the Head of ICT to provide an efficient service, automated restrictions are deployed on the network. These will include virus scanning and content checking of electronic data received from external sources and denying access to some Internet web sites. A small number of key post holders have unrestricted Internet access to fulfil intelligence gathering or other operational requirements. POLICY AIM The primary aim of this policy is to set out the rules and conditions regulating the use of Wiltshire Police and OPCC systems including the use of the Police/OPCC telephone network and issued mobile telephones. In keeping with the objectives to inspire public confidence in the Forces ability to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information assets and demonstrate commitment to maintaining professional standards, these rules and conditions are considered appropriate and necessary measures to: • Minimise the risk of information assets being compromised; • Minimise the risk of damage or disruption to the Force Wide Area Network; • Ensure compliance with legislative, regulatory, contractual, organisational and ethical requirements; • Maintain professional standards with regard to the content of electronic mail transmitted across or from the Force Wide System; • Maintain professional standards with regard to Internet browsing; • Maintain security and professional standards with regards to the use of the force telephone system. This Policy is issued to complement other Wiltshire Police/OPCC information security policy documents. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE External threats have the potential to disrupt the designed functionality of all or parts of the Force Wide System and present onward transmission risk to other users of the Criminal Justice Extranet. The following are the main references that mandate the provisions of this policy: • HMG Security Policy Framework Tier 1-3 • Security