longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. not linked in any way. Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not apply to moderators where ba?es are welded in place at manufacture. Single shot long firearms 3 Single-shot long firearms (not break action) Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 3.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot through the barrel including the chamber where present (width: > ? calibre; length: for rifled barrels three times the length of chamber and for smoothbore barrels twice the length of the chamber). 3.2 Barrel: A hole must be drilled across the chamber through both walls and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % chamber, min 4,5 mm). The same pin can be used to secure the barrel to the action. Alternatively, a plug of the size of the cartridge case must be inserted into the chamber and securely welded. 3.3 Barrel: Remove the feed ramp where present. 3.4 Barrel: The barrel must be permanently secured to the firearm by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. The pin used in operation 3.2 can be used for this purpose. 3.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels not a?xed to the firearm, apply operations 3.1-3.4 as Guidance Notes Note - 3.4 does not apply to exchange barrels. Exchange applicable. In addition, the barrels must be barrels for single shot long permanently prevented from being a?xed to firearms may only be submitted a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 3.6 Breech block/bolt head: Remove or shorten firing pin. 3.7 Breech block/bolt head: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire breech face. All locking lugs must be removed or substantially weakened. 3.8 Breech block/bolt head: Weld the firing pin hole. 3.9 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the physical operating link between the as part of a factory set and not as individual barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels submitted will be recorded on the deactivation certificate of the firearm they are submitted with. As long as the physical link to the firing mechanism is trigger blade and the hammer, striker or sear. destroyed, it is acceptable for Fuse the trigger mechanism together with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not possible, remove the the trigger blade and any external hammer be left free to move. However, they must be independent of each other and trigger mechanism and fill the area with weld not linked in any way. or epoxy resin. 3.10 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the