that safeguards the interests of its key stakeholders, reputation, brand and core business activities. Business continuity management involves managing the recovery or continuation of activities in the event of a disruption, and management of the overall programme through training, exercises and reviews, to ensure business continuity plans stay current and up-to-date. 16 BS25999 definition of business continuity 6.42. BCM is valid across the public, private and voluntary sectors. It is about maintaining the essential business deliverables of an organisation in an emergency. The primary ÔbusinessÕ of private sector organisations is the generation of profit, a process that BCM seeks to protect. Category 1 responders provide services to the public, and it is equally important that these are protected and resilient. BCM methodology 6.43. The British Standard for business continuity (BS25999) works on a six-stage process widely acknowledged as best practice. This model provides a generic framework that is applicable across the public, private and voluntary sectors. This standard, or its equivalent in the water industry, the Security and Emergency Measures Direction (SEMD), provide a good basis for BCM. 6.44. Figure 6.1 illustrates this approach. The rest of the chapter describes this process, and supports Category 1 responders in using this framework to fulfil their duties under the Act. Figure 6.1: The business continuity management lifecycle BS 25999-1:2006 BRITISH STANDARD business continuity management Part 1: Code of Practice 17 17 Permission to reproduce extracts from BS25999 is granted by BSI. British Standards can be obtained in PDF or hard copy formats from the BSI online shop: www.bsigroup.com/Shop or by contacting BSI Customer Services for hardcopies only: Tel: +44 (0)20 8996 9001, Email: cservices@bsigroup.com. 6.45. As Figure 6.1 shows, the six stages of the process are: o Stage 1: BCM programme management: Programme management is at the heart of the process. It requires the participation of senior management and establishes the organisationÕs approach to business continuity. o Stage 2: Understanding the organisation: This element assists in the understanding of the organisation through the identification of its key products and services and the critical activities and resources that support them. This element ensures that the BCM programme is aligned to the organisationÕs objectives, obligations and statutory duties. o Stage 3: Determining business continuity strategy: This element allows the organisation to select its strategies in order to meet its objectives. o Stage 4: Developing and implementing a BCM response: This stage looks at the need for Category 1 responders to develop and implement plans and arrangements to ensure continuity of critical activities, and the management of an incident. o Stage 5: Exercising, maintaining and reviewing BCM arrangements: An organisationÕs arrangements cannot be considered reliable until exercised. This element ensures that an organisationÕs BCM arrangements are validated by exercise and review and that they are kept up-to-date. o Stage 6: Embedding BCM in the organisationÕs culture: Business continuity must become part of the way an organisation is managed to be effective. This stage provides the overarching element that ensures that opportunities are used at the