a written statement or police notes. ~ Remove more than your outer clothes to search you. ~ Take your fingerprints, photograph or a DNA or other sample. ~ Carry out anything to do with a witness identification procedure. • Your appropriate adult should be given a chance to be available in person or on the phone to help you when the police review your case to see whether you should be detained further. • If your appropriate adult is available, they must be present when the police charge you with an offence. Getting details of your time at the police station • Everything that happens to you when you are at the police station is recorded. This is called the Custody Record. • When you leave the police station, you, your solicitor or your appropriate adult can ask for a copy of the Custody Record. The police have to give you a copy of your Custody Record as soon as they can. • You can ask the police for a copy of your Custody Record up to 12 months after you leave the police station. • Keeping in touch • As well as talking to a solicitor and having a person told about your arrest you will usually be allowed to make one phone call. • Ask the police if you would like to make a phone call. • You can also ask for a pen and paper. • You may be able to have visitors but the custody officer can refuse to allow that. Your Cell • If possible you should be kept in a cell on your own. • It should be clean, warm and lit. • Your bedding should be clean and in good order. • You must be allowed to use a toilet and have a wash. Personal needs Ð health, hygiene and welfare • You must be asked if you want to speak in private with a member of the custody staff about any personal needs relating to your health, hygiene and welfare that might affect or concern you while you are detained. • The police will arrange to provide the products considered necessary to meet your needs. If you wish, the person you speak to may be the same sex as you. • If you are a woman aged 18 or over, you must be asked if you require or are likely to require any menstrual products while you are detained and must be told that: ~ products will be provided free of charge; ~ replacement products are available; and ~ products may be supplied by your family or friends at their expense if the custody officer agrees. • If you are a girl under 18, the custody officer will ensure that a woman at the police station is available to look after you and to ask you about your personal needs and menstrual products. Clothes If your own clothes are taken from you, then the police must provide you with an alternative form