‘long-term’ mean ‘substantial’ is more than minor or trivial, for example it takes much longer than it usually would to complete a daily task like getting dressed ‘long-term’ means 12 months or more, for example a breathing condition that develops as a result of a lung infection There are special rules about recurring or fluctuating conditions, for example arthritis. Progressive conditions A progressive condition is one that gets worse over time. People with progressive conditions can be classed as disabled. However, you automatically meet the disability definition under the Equality Act 2010 from the day you’re diagnosed with HIV infection, cancer or multiple sclerosis. What is not counted as a disability There’s g uidance on conditions that are not covered by the disability definition, for example addiction to non–prescribed drugs or alcohol. Related content Disability rights Reasonable adjustments for workers with disabilities or health conditions Discrimination: your rights Medical conditions, disabilities and driving Financial help if you're disabled Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Disability rights and the Equality Act 2010 Elsewhere on the web The Equality Act 2010 24/03/2025 Definitions https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/disaster-victim-identification/definitions Page Definitions This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 6 August 2018 Written by College of Policing Disaster victim identification 4 mins read Mass fatality incident Following an emergency or major incident, there may be a large number of fatalities. Due to the scale of the situation and demands on the emergency services, it may not be practical or appropriate to follow normal arrangements. It can therefore be proportionate and necessary to invoke the DVI process. Incidents may be categorised as follows: Open incidents Open incidents are where the number and details of the deceased are not known at the time when the incident is declared, and this information cannot be easily ascertained. During these incidents, there is likely to be early high demand for information from family and friends reporting people missing. Closed incidents Closed incidents are where the provisional number and details of the deceased can be easily obtained. Ante Mortem evidence can be collected at an early stage and the involvement of other people can be provisionally discounted. Major incident A major incident is an event or situation, with a range of serious consequences, which requires special arrangements to be implemented by one or more emergency responder agencies. Critical incident A critical incident is any incident where the effectiveness of the police response is likely to have a significant impact on the confidence of the victim, their family and/or the community. Declaring a mass fatality incident National planning for a mass fatality response is coordinated centrally by the Fire Resilience and Major Events (FRaME) part of the Home Office. The decision to declare a mass fatality incident lies jointly with HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal and the Gold Commander. Consult the chief executive of relevant local authorities when reaching a decision and form a mass fatality coordination group (MFCG) as soon