Unit, within 1 working day of them receiving the information from the court, which will be within 5 working days of the outcome of the case. If you have any questions about the sentence which the Witness Care Unit are unable to answer, you have the Right to be referred to the Crown Prosecution Service, who will answer any questions which the Witness Care Unit is not able to answer. 9.3 If you are a bereaved close relative, you have the Right to be offered a meeting with the Crown Prosecution Service: ? following conviction, but before the sentencing hearing of the defendant, to confirm that a Victim Personal Statement has been made or to confirm that it is up to date (this meeting will usually take place at court); ? following the sentencing hearing to explain the sentence given (this meeting will usually take place at court); ? in cases where the defendant is found not guilty or is convicted of a less serious charge the offer of a meeting will be made a few weeks after the case has concluded, unless the Crown Prosecution Service decide that this is inappropriate. On the rare occasions where they decide that a meeting is not appropriate, this decision will be explained to you. The actual timing of the meeting will be informed by the wishes of the family and you will be contacted to discuss when it should take place; and ? in a murder case where all defendants are found not guilty of all charges, the police and Crown Prosecution Service will follow the process set out in the National Standards of Support for bereaved families. The National Standards of Support are available on the Crown Prosecution Service website at: www.cps.gov.uk and a copy is provided by the police to bereaved families as part of the police bereavement pack. 37 The Witness Care Unit will be unable to provide an explanation if the offender has been found not guilty by a jury, because the jury do not have to provide reasons for their decision. 1 If you think the sentence given to the offender is far too low 9.4 For some (but not all) cases sentenced in the Crown Court you can ask38 the Attorney General39 to refer the sentence to the Court of Appeal to reconsider it. This can only be done if the Attorney General thinks that the sentence was not just lenient but Ôunduly lenientÕ,40 such that the sentencing judge made a gross error or imposed a sentence outside the range of sentences reasonably available in the circumstances of the case. 9.5 If the Attorney General considers that the sentence meets the standard of being Ôunduly lenientÕ, the case is referred to the Court of Appeal. The Attorney General must consider the matter as soon as possible after sentence and no later than the 28th calendar day after the sentence was imposed (in business hours and with sufficient time for consideration). If the Court of Appeal agrees,