sending letters and other articles with intent to cause distress or anxiety)— in paragraph (a), for “letter or other article” there shall be substituted “ letter, electronic communication or article of any description ”; and in paragraph (b), for the word “other article” there shall be substituted “ article or electronic communication ”. In subsection (2) of that section (defence of making a threat in the belief that it was a proper way of reinforcing a demand and that there were reasonable grounds for making that demand)— in paragraph (a), for “which he believed he had reasonable grounds for making” there shall be substituted “ made by him on reasonable grounds ”; and in paragraph (b), after “believed” there shall be inserted “ , and had reasonable grounds for believing, ”. After that subsection there shall be inserted— “(2A) In this section “electronic communication” includes— 36 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes any oral or other communication by means of a telecommunication system (within the meaning of the Telecommunications Act 1984 (c. 12)); and any communication (however sent) that is in electronic form.” In subsection (3) of that section (definition of “send”)— after “delivering” there shall be inserted “ or transmitting ”; and for “or delivered” there shall be substituted “ , delivered or transmitted ”. In subsection (5) of that section (penalty for offence), for “a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale” there shall be substituted “ imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or to both ”. Subsection (5) does not affect the penalty for an offence committed before the day on which this Act is passed. Collective harrassment In section 7 of the Protection from Harassment Act 1997 (c. 40) (interpretation of sections 1 to 5), there shall be inserted the following subsection— “(3A) A person’s conduct on any occasion shall be taken, if aided, abetted, counselled or procured by another— to be conduct on that occasion of the other (as well as conduct of the person whose conduct it is); and to be conduct in relation to which the other’s knowledge and purpose, and what he ought to have known, are the same as they were in relation to what was contemplated or reasonably foreseeable at the time of the aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring.” This section has effect in relation to any aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring that takes place after the