Resource A: Legal powers 20 Staff powers Joint enterprise Gangs, firearms and knives Resource B: What works in preventing violence and 23 aggressive behaviour? Resource C: Repositories of evidence (evaluated and new/ 30 developing programmes) and other resources for schools Resource D: How do you know if a programme has been 38 effective in the past? Resource E: What if there is no specific evidence, or the 40 programme is new? The vast majority of young people and education establishments will not be affected by serious violence or gangs. However, where these problems do occur there will almost certainly be a significant impact. Schools, both primary and secondary, and colleges have a duty and a responsibility to protect their pupils and students. It is also well established that success in learning is one of the most powerful indicators in the prevention of youth crime.1 Dealing with violence also helps attainment.2 While pupils and students generally see educational establishments as safe places, even low levels of youth violence can have a disproportionate impact on any educational establishment. Schools and colleges are places where important interventions can take place to prevent negative behaviour, such as young people carrying a knife. Primary schools are also increasingly recognised as places where early warning signs that younger children may be at risk of getting involved in gangs can be spotted. Crucial preventive work can be done at this stage to prevent negative behaviour from escalating and becoming entrenched. Programmes such as Families and Schools Together, Positive Action or the Good Behaviour Game are aimed to improve social and emotional skills, understanding risk, exploring how to stay safe and make safe choices. Whilst schools and colleges may face different specific challenges and operate in different contexts, many of the issues they face will be similar. In schools specifically, one of the four key judgements that Ofsted inspectors will make is on the behaviour and safety of pupils. In order for a school to be judged ÔoutstandingÕ, all groups of pupils must: • feel safe at school all the time; • understand very clearly what unsafe situations are; and • be highly aware of how to keep themselves and others safe. Inspections will include a consideration of pupilsÕ ability to assess and manage risk appropriately. This explicitly includes online safety, substance misuse, knives and gangs, and relationships (including sexual relationships). Ofsted inspectors also judge schools on pupilsÕ behaviour towards, and respect for, other young people and adults. This includes freedom from bullying, including cyber-bullying, harassment and discrimination. Assessment of schools will focus on bullying related to special educational needs, sexual orientation, sex, race, religion and belief, gender reassignment, or disability, as defined in the Equality Act 2010. Preventing violence in schools and colleges can require a mix of universal, targeted or specialist interventions. School and college leaders should be able to: • develop skills and knowledge to resolve conflict as part of the curriculum; • challenge aggressive behaviour in ways that prevent the recurrence of such behaviour;