areas, co-operation across a police boundary local resilience area is more easily applied in some areas than others. Also, the pattern of local resilience areas across England and Wales exerts particular pressures on national-level Category 1 responders such as, the Environment Agency and the Maritime and Coastguard Agency whose organisational footprints are different. Again, some of the Category 2 responders, such as, the utilities or transport companies, are organised nationally or regionally, on different boundaries. The LRF needs to take a flexible approach in recognition of these organisational differences. 2.62. Also, one consequence of the local nature of arrangements under the CCA is that the way LRFs work is frequently different from one local resilience area to another. Differing procedures can pose particular problems for local responders (Categories 1 and 2) operating across a number of LRF areas. These responders are likely to have adopted a standard approach across all the LRF areas they cover. They should be prepared to show flexibility too. 51 regulation 3. PAGE 32 2.63. 2.64. 2.65. 2.66. 52 regulation 4 The justification for basing local resilience planning on a police boundary structure is that emergencies generally have their initial impact at the local level. Response is first organised locally Ð usually co-ordinated by the police. It follows that, irrespective of the partnersÕ particular administrative arrangements and their procedures, they must have the capability to respond effectively at the local level. In this respect, it means both Category 1 and Category 2 responders must prepare at the local level with their civil protection partners. 52 Nevertheless, some concessions should be made to acknowledge the difficulties which some responders, not only Category 2 responders but also some Category 1 responders, have in fulfilling expectations at the planning stage at the local level. One useful action which LRFs should take is to publish a detailed map showing their local resilience area and the local responders operating within it. It is also useful to provide clear information, possibly in a membersÕ handbook, about the membership of the LRF, its structures, procedures and activities. LRF Ð Òeffective representationÓ There are difficulties for some responders (both Category 1 and Category 2 responders) whose administrative areas cover a number of LRF areas of getting senior staff to all LRF meetings. There are also problems for the efficient functioning of the LRF where, for example, a number of organisations in the same class or sector Ð for example, shire district councils in England Ð all wish to attend the same LRF meeting. For these reasons, the regulations permit responders in a particular class, because they are operating in the same sector, to nominate a representative from that class who will act for them at the LRF meeting. This qualification of the obligation on all Category 1 responders and Category 2 responders to attend the LRF in their local resilience area, aims to ensure that meetings can be run efficiently and organisations are not over-stretched. The main requirement is that local responders must be