standard glass-reinforced polyesters. The equivalent European classification standard will also be acceptable. Further details about internal linings and classifications are available in Approved Document B.24 Appropriate testing procedures are detailed in BS 476-733 and where appropriate BS EN 13501-1.34 Further guidance on types of fire-resisting construction has been published by the Building Research Establishment.35 B2 Fire-resisting doors Requirements of a fire-resisting door Effective fire-resisting doors (see Figure 63) are vital to ensure that the occupants can evacuate to a place of safety. Correctly specified and well-fitted doors will hold back fire and smoke, preventing escape routes becoming unusable, as well as preventing the fire spreading from one area to another. Fire-resisting doors are necessary in any doorway located in a fire-resisting structure. Most internal doors are constructed of timber. These will give some limited protection against fire spread, but only a purpose-built fire-resisting door that has been tested to an approved standard will provide the necessary protection. Metal fire-resisting doors are also available and specific guidance for these follows. All fire-resisting doors are rated by their performance when tested to an appropriate standard. The level of protection provided by the door is measured, primarily by determining the time taken for a fire to breach the integrity (E), of the door assembly, together with its resistance to the passage of hot gases and flame. It may be possible to upgrade the fire resistance of existing doors. Further information is available from the Building Research Establishment67 or Timber Research and Development Association.68 120 Figure 63: A fire-resisting and smoke-stopping door Timber fire-resisting doors require a gap of 2-4mm between the door leaf and the frame. However larger gaps may be necessary to ensure that the door closes flush into its frame when smoke seals are fitted. Further information is available in BS 4787-1.69 For fire-resisting purposes the gap is normally protected by installing an intumescent seal, in either the door or, preferably, the frame. The intumescent seal expands in the early stages of a fire and enhances the protection given by the door. Additional smoke seals will restrict the spread of smoke at ambient temperatures. Doors fitted with smoke seals, either incorporated in the intumescent seal or fitted separately, have their classification code suffixed with a ÔSÕ. The principal fire-resisting door categories are: • E20 fire-resisting door providing 20 minutes fire resistance (or equivalent FD 20S). (Note: Many suppliers no longer provide an E20 type fire-resisting door.) • E30 fire-resisting door providing 30 minutes fire resistance (or equivalent FD 30S). • E60 fire-resisting door providing 60 minutes fire resistance (or equivalent FD 60S). Timber fire-resisting doors are available that will provide up to 120 minutes fire resistance but their use is limited to more specialised conditions that are beyond the scope of this guidance. Metal fire-resisting doors Although the majority of fire-resisting doors are made from timber, metal fire-resisting doors, which meet the appropriate standard, can often be used for the same purpose. However, there are situations where they are more appropriate.