a member of staff of a relevant council, or (b) holds any employment in an entity which is under the control of a relevant council within subsection (7)(a), (b), (c) or (f). (6) For this purposeÑ Òmember of staffÓ has the same meaning as in section 65; Òrelevant councilÓ, in relation to a police area, means a council within subsection (7) for an area which, or any part of which, lies within the police area. (7) Those councils areÑ (a) a county council; (b) a county borough council; (c) a district council; (d) a parish council; (e) a community council; (f) the Council of the Isles of Scilly. (8) In subsection (5)(b), the reference to an entity under the control of a relevant council is to be construed in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State F59.... (9) Nothing in subsection (5) is to be taken to disqualify a person by virtue of being a teacher, or otherwise employed, in a school or other educational institution maintained or assisted by a relevant council. (1) 66 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) [F60(10) Subsection (11) applies to the police and crime commissioner for a police area if, by virtue of an order under section 4A of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, the person who is for the time being the commissioner for that area is also the fire rescue authority for an area which corresponds to or falls within the police area. (11) A person is disqualified from being elected as, or being, that police and crime commissioner if the person is employed byÑ (a) a fire and rescue authority within section 1(2) or (3) of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, (b) a fire and rescue authority constituted by a scheme under section 2 of that Act or a scheme to which section 4 of that Act relates, or (c) a fire and rescue authority created by an order under section 4A of that Act.] [F61(12) A person is disqualified from being elected as, or being, police and crime commissioner if the personÑ (a) is the London Fire Commissioner, or (b) is a member of the staff of the London Fire Commissioner.] 67 Disqualification of person holding office as police and crime commissioner A person becomes disqualified from being a police and crime commissioner upon becoming a member ofÑ (a) the House of Commons; (b) the Scottish Parliament; (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 67 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective.