CSO or CSV searching a person under sub-paragraph (2) may seize and retain anything that is found, if the CSO or CSV has reasonable grounds for believing that the person searched might use it to cause physical injury to himself or herself or to any other person. A CSO or CSV searching a person under sub-paragraph (3) may seize and retain anything that is found, other than an item subject to legal privilege, if the CSO or CSV has reasonable grounds for believing that the person might use it to assist in escaping from lawful custody. If a CSO or CSV seizes or retains anything under sub-paragraph (5) or (6), the CSO or CSV must— tell the person from whom it was seized where inquiries about its recovery may be made, and comply with a constable's instructions about what to do with it. 264 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 – Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Persons detained under paragraph 7: park trading offences (1) If a CSO or CSV reasonably suspects that a person required to wait for the arrival of a constable under paragraph 7(1) has committed a park trading offence, the CSO or CSV may take possession of anything of a non-perishable nature which— the person has in his or her possession or under his control, and the CSO or CSV reasonably believes to have been used in the commission of the offence. The CSO or CSV may retain possession of the thing in question for a period not exceeding 30 minutes unless the person makes an election under paragraph 7(4), in which case the CSO or CSV may retain possession of the thing in question until he or she is able to transfer control of it to a constable. In this paragraph “park trading offence” means an offence committed in a specified park which is a park trading offence for the purposes of the Royal Parks (Trading) Act 2000. In sub-paragraph (3), “specified park” has the same meaning as in section 162 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005. Road traffic A CSO or CSV has in the relevant police area the powers conferred on persons designated by regulations under section 99 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984 (removal of abandoned vehicles). Power to use reasonable force A CSO or CSV has power to use reasonable force— to prevent a person whom the CSO or CSV has required under paragraph 7(1) or (3) to wait for a constable from making off, or to keep the person