recoverable property is forfeited in pursuance of a forfeiture notice under section 297A, and the enforcement authority subsequently seeks a recovery order in respect of related property, Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 7 – Minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 223 the forfeiture notice is to be treated for the purposes of this section as if it were a recovery order obtained by the enforcement authority in respect of the forfeited property.” In section 300(1) (application of cash forfeited by court under section 298) for “this Chapter” substitute “ section 298 ”. (1) Section 301 (victims and other owners: application for release of cash) is amended as follows. In subsection (4)(c) for the words from “the conditions” to “that section” substitute “ the release condition is met ”. After subsection (4) insert— “(5) The release condition is met— in relation to cash detained under section 295, if the conditions in that section for the detention of the cash are no longer met, in relation to cash detained under section 297C or 297D, if the cash is not recoverable property and is not intended by a person for use in unlawful conduct, and in relation to cash detained under 298, if the court or sheriff decides not to make an order under that section in relation to the cash.” (1) Section 302 (compensation) is amended as follows. For subsection (1) substitute— “(1) If cash detained under this Chapter was seized in England, Wales or Northern Ireland the person to whom the cash belongs or from whom it was seized may make an application to a magistrates' court for compensation if— the cash is not forfeited in pursuance of a forfeiture notice, and no forfeiture order is made in respect of the cash. (1A) If cash detained under this Chapter was seized in Scotland the person to whom the cash belongs or from whom it was seized may make an application to the sheriff for compensation if no forfeiture order is made in respect of the cash.” After subsection (7B) insert— 224 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 7 – Minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end