Act empowers the Secretary of State to make rules varying or adding to Schedule 4 of the 1968 Act. Such changes were made by Rule 10(5) of the Firearms Rules 1998 and by the Firearms (Amendment) Rules 2007. 5.31 Section 38(8) of the 1968 Act provides for the surrender of a dealerÕs register (or, if the register is kept electronically, a visible and legible copy of the information) and certificate of registration if their name is removed from the register of firearms dealers. It is an offence for the dealer not to comply within twenty-one days of a notice in writing requiring them to surrender the register. 38 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Inspection of dealersÕ records 5.32 Persons who by way of trade or business manufacture, sell or transfer firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, shot guns, or air weapons, are required by section 40(4) of the 1968 Act to allow any police officer (including civilian officers) duly authorised in writing by the chief officer of police to enter their premises and inspect all stock in hand and the register of transactions. In all cases, the inspecting officer must produce such written authority on demand. Form 122 is a convenient form of authorisation for this purpose. Under section 40(3A) of the 1968 Act, dealers are required to keep their register of transactions so that entries made in the register are available for inspection for a period of at least five years. If the register is kept on computer, dealers must ensure that a copy of the information contained therein can be produced in a visible and legible form which can be taken away by the inspecting officer. The register should include firearms taken in for repair or storage, although these are not regarded as transfers and consequently notification to the police is not required. 5.33 Section 41 of the 1968 Act enables chief officers of police, at their discretion, to exempt from all or any of the provisions about keeping records persons who manufacture, test or repair components for manufacturers of shot guns but do not handle complete shot guns. Chief officers should satisfy themselves as to the facts in each case, including the type of work carried on and the extent of the danger that each situation presents as a possible source of firearms for criminals. Each case should be reviewed at regular intervals. 39 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 6: Exemptions from the requirement to hold a certificate 6.1 The exemptions in the Acts apply to a particular category of person and exempt them so far as firearms are held, purchased or acquired for some particular and specified purpose. The exemptions may be divided into two groups; those that concern possession and purchase and acquisition, and those that concern only possession. The exemptions are dealt with in this way in the following two sections of this chapter. Possession and purchase or acquisition of any type of firearm or ammunition without