of the Metropolis, the Secretary of State must have regard toÑ (a) any recommendations made by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, and (b) any representations made by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (5) The appointment of the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. 44 Functions of Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (1) The Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may exercise any or all of the powers and duties of the Commissioner of Police of the MetropolisÑ (a) during any absence, incapacity or suspension from duty of the Commissioner, (b) during any vacancy in the office of Commissioner, or (c) at any other time, with the consent of the Commissioner. (2) The Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis does not have power to act by virtue of subsection (1)(a) or (b) for a continuous period exceeding three months, except with the consent of the Secretary of State. (3) The Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis has all the powers and duties of an Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 43 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 45 Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis (1) The metropolitan police force must have one or more Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must consult the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime before appointing a person as an Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (3) The appointment of a person as an Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (4) An Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may exercise any of the powers and duties of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis with the consent of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (5) Subsection (4) is without prejudice to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (6) In a case where an Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is acting in place of the Commissioner of Police of the MetropolisÑ (a) section 48 applies in relation to the Assistant Commissioner as it applies to the Commissioner (and references to the Commissioner in that section, and in other enactments relating to that section, are to be read accordingly); and (b) section 49 does not apply in relation to the Assistant Commissioner. (7) For the purposes of subsection (6), an Assistant Commissioner is to be taken to be acting in place of the Commissioner at a particular time ifÑ (a) the Assistant Commissioner is, at