joint ownership locations, the fire risk assessments will also be sent to the landlords, site sharers and other relevant persons for information /action as required. Any fire certificates issued under the Fire Precautions Act of 1971 will cease to have any effect. 4.5 Level 1 Fire Risk Assessments In addition to the inhouse, Level 1 Fire Risk Assessments, a comprehensive assessment of the risks of exposure to fire within and around Wiltshire Police premises will be undertaken to identify any further necessary controls or precautionary measures that should be undertaken to suitably and sufficiently assess compliance with the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005, and where necessary The Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmosphere Regulations 2002. These fire risk assessments will be undertaken by an external accredited fire risk assessor in accordance with the methodology set out in PAS:79-1:2020. This affords compliance with internationally accepted fire risk assessment techniques and allows prioritisation of risk using an objective quantified system, by evaluating fire hazards, the mechanism for fires to occur, the people placed at risk by fire, and the measures in place to remove hazards or reduce risks to a reasonably acceptable level. The prioritisation of control measures identified within the assessments will guide Wiltshire Police in both the order and timescale for implementing those controls. The assessment programme will be completed during 2022 and the schedule will incorporate High, Medium and Low priority sites. 4.6 Local Fire Evacuation Plan Every Wiltshire Police building/station must have an established local evacuation plan. The purpose of the plan is to ensure that staff and visitors to the premises know what to do if there is a fire and that the premises can be safely evacuated. The plan must be set up the by the person with overall responsibility for the building in conjunction with the Health and Safety Department. The completed plan must be displayed on the station/building health and safety notice board and a copy placed in the fire logbook. It is essential that all staff, visitors and contractors are made aware of the information contained within the emergency plan. In additional to the station/building plan a specific Fire Evacuation Plan must also be established for each Custody suite. In the event of shared sites with other organisations, it is desirable for the site sharers to agree and work with one overall plan. If this is not possible the plans must all be compatible. 4.7 Persons with Disabilities The fire risk assessment, emergency plan and all other fire safety documents for the building must take into consideration the safe access/egress of persons with disabilities who may be employed or visiting the building. An individual risk assessment which considers the individualÕs needs, requirements and reasonable adjustments to the workplace must form part of the overall assessment for the building. The assessment should be completed by local line management in conjunction with the individual using Form 370, Personal Emergency Evacuation Plan. 4.8 Fire Evacuations Fire evacuation drills will be carried out for all premises at