Worden et al. 2013). Overall, the evidence supporting the use of EIS as a mechanism to decrease officer use of force, and in particular officer-involved shootings, is not strong. The limited number of evalua- tions, combined with weak research designs, and the limited scope of the outcomes examined leaves many questions surrounding the positive effects, as well as the potential unintended consequences, of EIS interventions. The uCPD was already in the process of implementing an EIS when the officer-involved shooting occurred. The purchased software was quickly inte- grated into the records management system, and the use of the EIS was publicly announced. However, inherent issues within the tracking system (e.g., setting appropriate thresholds to identify outliers within a small agency) presented con- tinuous challenges for effectiveness. Likewise, integrating the EIS into a more comprehensive accountability and oversight strategy within the uCPD became an overarching goal. The impact of this specific reform, however, has not been adequately studied, as the small number of uCPD officers assigned to similar shifts and tasks creates a challenge for identifying outliers and determining impact based on statistical significance. What is measured and tracked, however, is the use of the system by supervisors to identify subordinate behavior that is potentially problematic. Civilian oversight A final popular call to reduce officer killings includes multiple forms of com- munity engagement, including citizen oversight of the police. For example, the President’s Task Force (2015) highlights the use of civilian oversight mechanisms and specifically recommends that incidents involving suspect death or officer- involved shootings be subject to external oversight, including external review boards and serious incident review boards. The President’s Task Force suggests that the purpose of these boards is to “identify any administrative, supervisory, training, tactical, or policy issues that need to be addressed” (2015, 88). From a broader perspective, these oversight mechanisms are viewed to provide an important alternative to “police investigating complaints against police” and are typically recommended to increase police transparency and accountability, as well as help to build trust and perceptions of police legitimacy within the com- munity (Briggs 2017, 146). MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 159 Research on the prevalence of civilian oversight, particularly in the form of civilian review boards, suggests oversight is fairly common among large police agencies, with approximately 80 percent of the fifty largest u.S. police agencies incorporating such oversight mechanisms (Lum et al. 2016), but much less com- mon in mid- to small-size agencies, with estimates of fewer than 150 departments nationwide that incorporate these oversight mechanisms (De Angelis, Rosenthal, and Buchner 2016). Furthermore, significant variation in the composition and role in oversight processes are observed among the civilian review boards that exist. In many cases, this variation is a function of factors both internal and exter- nal to specific law enforcement agencies (De Angelis, Rosenthal, and Buchner 2016; Ferdik, Rojek, and Alpert 2013). Despite calls for research (National Research Council 2004; Walker 2001), the evidence for civilian oversight of police agencies remains limited (Lum et al. 2016). The extreme