means a county council or a county borough council; (c) in relation to Scotland, means a council constituted under section 2 of the Local Government etc (Scotland) Act 1994; Òregistered social workerÓ means a person registered as a social worker in a register maintained byÑ (a) Social Work England, (b) the Care Council for Wales, (c) the Scottish Social Services Council, or (d) the Northern Ireland Social Care Council; Òrelevant authorised personÓ, in relation to the extraction of information from an electronic device for a particular purpose, means an authorised person who may extract the information from the device for that purpose; Òrelevant authorityÓÑ (a) in relation to England and Wales and Scotland, means a local authority; (b) in relation to Northern Ireland, means an authority within the meaning of the Children (Northern Ireland) Order 1995 (S.I. 1995/755 (N.I. 2)); Òvoluntary organisationÓÑ (a) in relation to England and Wales, has the same meaning as in the Children Act 1989; (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 43 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in relation to Scotland, has the same meaning as in Part 2 of the Children (Scotland) Act 1995; (c) in relation to Northern Ireland, has the same meaning as in the Children (Northern Ireland) Order 1995. (12) This section is subject to section 39 (requirements for voluntary provision and agreement). 39 Requirements for voluntary provision and agreement (1) A person (ÒPÓ) is to be treated for the purposes of section 37 or 38 as havingÑ (a) voluntarily provided an electronic device to an authorised person, and (b) agreed to the extraction of information from the device by an authorised person, only if the requirements of this section have been met. (2) An authorised person must not have placed undue pressure on P to provide the device or agree to the extraction of information from it. (3) An authorised person must have given P notice in writingÑ (a) specifying or describing the information that is sought, (b) specifying the reason why the information is sought, (c) specifying how the information will be dealt with once it has been extracted, (d) stating that P may refuse to provide the device or agree to the extraction of information from it, and (e) stating that the investigation or enquiry for the purposes of which the information is sought will not be brought to an end merely because P refuses to provide the device or agree to the