authorised officer has Òreason to believeÓ that the offence has been committed, it will still be necessary to submit evidence proving the offence beyond reasonable doubt in order to prosecute the offender if the fixed penalty 4 ÔDual Function Civil Enforcement OfficersÕ, Department for Transport (2016), available at https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/609788/statutory-guidance- local-authorities-enforcement-parking-contraventions.pdf is unpaid. Failure to pursue unpaid penalties will undermine the threat of enforcement, and their effectiveness as a deterrent. 11G.2 To issue a civil penalty for littering from a vehicle, enforcement officers have to be satisfied that, on the balance of probabilities, litter was thrown from that vehicle on the litter authorityÕs relevant land. 11G.3 The enforcing authority will need to provide evidence of the offence either from direct observation or report including details of: a. the offence, including a description of the littered item(s) b. the date and time c. the location d. the name and address of the offender e. the age of the offender f. the offenderÕs appearance g. the weather and light conditions at the time h. the enforcement officerÕs identification number i. the fixed penalty number 11G.4 If an offence occurs in which litter is thrown or dropped from a vehicle, additional relevant details should be noted, in order to cross match with the details from the DVLAÕs database, including; a. the make of the vehicle b. the model c. the colour d. the vehicleÕs registration 11G.5 The opening from which the litter was thrown (e.g. driverÕs side window) should also be noted when practicable. 11G.6 Enforcing authorities may take enforcement action on the basis of CCTV evidence, or evidence supplied by members of the public provided that, in the enforcing authorityÕs opinion, the evidence is sufficient to meet the standards of proof relevant to the offence or contravention in question. 11G.7 Any photographs, video footage and notes taken by the enforcement officer about the circumstances should be kept as further evidence that the offence took place and to help resolve any disputes. 11G.8 Enforcing authorities should provide their staff with the appropriate equipment, training and guidance to collect such evidence in the circumstances that the authority has prescribed. 11G.9 Enforcing authorities should disclose their evidence at the earliest possible opportunity. 11H.0 Keeping records 11H.1 In order to operate a fair and effective enforcement system, enforcing authorities will need to keep records of: a. all penalty notices issued, and decisions taken at each stage from issue through to payment and prosecution; b. any disputes of liability for the alleged offence, or formal representations against a (civil) penalty notice and any applicable appeal; c. the evidence on which each penalty notice is based, for if the case goes to court. 11H.2 Enforcing authorities must ensure that the retention, storage, sharing or disclosure of any personal data is compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 11I.0 Issuing fixed penalty notices in lieu of prosecution 11I.1 A fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution should only be issued when all of the following apply: a. the enforcement