footwear, weapons, trophies) recording significant statements or silences methods of recovery and cross-contamination exhibits officer loggist health and safety transport of suspects and location of the custody suite interview teams debrief Ð time and location Post arrest Once in custody, the suspectÕs detention is controlled by PACE. At the time of arrest and before the suspect is delivered to the police station, anything that the suspect says must be fully recorded. In particular, any significant statements, for example, ÔI donÕt know what youÕre talking aboutÕ, made by the suspect post arrest and before formal interview should be recorded. Where a suspect is released under Investigation (RUIÕd), or no further action is taken, relevant information must be passed to the suspect. See custody for further information. Briefing Arrest teams should be specifically briefed not to question or interview suspects further Ð unless there are imminent threats to life or property. All questioning of a suspect must be conducted in accordance with PACE. For further information see APP on briefing. Debriefing At the conclusion of the arrest and search phases, a nominated officer should debrief the teams to ensure that all relevant material has been identified and documented. Significant statements A significant statement is defined in PACE Code C as: One which appears capable of being used in evidence against the suspect, in particular a direct admission of guilt. Identification of suspects Internet and social media Where information suggests that a victim or witness may have searched the internet or social media sites to assist them in identifying a potential suspect see ACPO (2014) Internet Social Media and Identification Procedures In some investigations the suspect is identified beyond reasonable doubt from the outset. They may have been caught red-handed, arrested during the initial response or identified from material gathered during the investigation. Whenever a suspectÕs identity becomes known, consideration must be given to formal identification procedures. Points to consider Where investigators are conducting interviews with witnesses and identification is likely to be an issue, guidelines contained in R v Turnbull (1977) QB 224 and captured in the mnemonic ADVOKATE will help to secure best evidence. Descriptions should be obtained while the recollection is fresh in the mind of the witness. In some cases the suspect may still be in the locality and may not have had the opportunity to alter their appearance or conceal/dispose of evidence. The first principle of identification evidence is that failure to accurately record the description of a suspect as soon as it is available, and failure to use the description during the identification process, can seriously undermine the chances of a conviction. Investigators should bear in mind the difference between identification and recognition and that, where a witness claims to recognise a suspect, identification procedures must still be followed. ADVOKATE A Amount or length of time the witness had the suspect under observation. D Distance between the witness and the suspect during the observation. V Visibility conditions during the observation. O Obstructions to the observations - whether