compensation Contact the police Contact the police by calling 999 to report emergencies or by calling 101 for non-emergencies. Reporting an emergency Call 999 if you are reporting a crime that is in progress or if someone is in immediate danger. Related content How to report antisocial behaviour Report hate crime Report suspicious activity to MI5 Reporting non-emergencies Report crimes online or by calling 101 if they are not an emergency. You can also call 101 to give information to the police or make an enquiry. If you live in Scotland you can search by postcode to find and contact your local policing team. Reporting terrorist activity Call 999 or the police anti-terrorist hotline on 0800 789 321 to report an immediate terrorist threat. You can also report a possible terrorist threat online. Calls to 999, 101 or 0800 numbers are free. Explore the topic Reporting crimes Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing and local services Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Controlling your dog in public Overview ItÕs against the law to let a dog be dangerously out of control anywhere, such as: in a public place in a private place, for example a neighbourÕs house or garden in the ownerÕs home The law applies to all dogs. You can report a dog thatÕs out of control. Some types of dogs are banned. XL Bully dogs are now banned in England and Wales. Check what to do if y ou own an XL Bully dog. Out of control Your dog is considered dangerously out of control if it: injures someone makes someone worried that it might injure them A court could also decide that your dog is dangerously out of control if either of the following apply: it attacks someoneÕs animal the owner of an animal thinks they could be injured if they tried to stop your dog attacking their animal Penalties You can get an unlimited fine or be sent to prison for up to 6 months (or both) if your dog is dangerously out of control. You may not be allowed to own a dog in the future and your dog may be destroyed. If you let your dog injure someone you can be sent to prison for up to 5 years or fined (or both). If you deliberately use your dog to injure someone you could be charged with Ômalicious woundingÕ. If you allow your dog to kill someone you can be sent to prison for up to 14 years or get an unlimited fine (or both). If you allow your dog to