criminal or civil proceedings and a court may take into account a failure to comply with it in determining a question in the proceedings.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Overseas production orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 289 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes SCHEDULE 5 Section 51 OVERSEAS PRODUCTION ORDERS 1 The Crime (Overseas Production Orders) Act 2019 is amended as follows. 2 (1) Section 3 (meaning of Òelectronic dataÓ and Òexcepted electronic dataÓ) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (4), at the end insert Ò, other than communications data to which subsection (4A) appliesÓ. (3) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) This subsection applies to communications data which is comprised in, included as part of, attached to or logically associated with electronic data which, apart from this subsection, may be specified or described in the application for the overseas production order.Ó 3 In section 5(3) (content of order: requirements fulfilled by reference to part only of data sought) for Ò4(5) or (7)Ó substitute Ò4(5), (6) or (7)Ó. 4 (1) Section 9 (restrictions on service of order) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (2), after Òthe Secretary of StateÓ insert Òor a prescribed personÓ. (3) In subsection (3), after Òthe Lord AdvocateÓ insert Òor a prescribed personÓ. (4) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for ÒThe Secretary of State or, as the case may be, the Lord AdvocateÓ substitute ÒA personÓ, and (b) for Òthe Secretary of State or the Lord AdvocateÓ substitute Òthat personÓ. (5) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(5) In this section Òprescribed personÓÑ (a) in relation to an overseas production order made in England and Wales or Northern Ireland, means a person prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State; (b) in relation to an overseas production order made in Scotland, means a person prescribed by regulations made by the Lord Advocate.Ó (a) 290 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Overseas production orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 5 (1) Section 14 (means of service) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (3)(d)Ñ (a) in sub-paragraph (i), after Òthe Secretary of StateÓ insert