the vulnerable witnessesÕ chapter of Achieving Best Evidence (chapter 3, paragraphs 3.175 to 3.177) and wrongly concluded that it is applicable to all vulnerable witnesses. Criminal Justice Act Declarations Interviewers who ask adult witnesses to read out the declaration at the start of an MG11 may be confused about the difference between conducting an interview and preparing a statement. They may also believe that the requirement for a 1 For example, The Stern Review (Home Office 2010) claims that some that some interviewers who are trained to interview children use the same techniques when interviewing adult complainants in rape cases. written statement to include such a declaration also applies to a video-recorded interview when it is to be played as evidence-in-chief2. It is also possible that some interviewers believe that if a witness is subsequently found to be lying that the only way in which a charge of perjury, wasting police time or attempting to pervert the course of justice can be pursued is for a declaration to be made at the beginning of the recording. All of these beliefs are incorrect. Oaths Interviewers who have attempted to administer the oath are probably mistakenly assuming that the requirement for doing this when the evidence is given live also applies to pre-recorded evidence-in-chief. The ACPO Position Truth and Lies The requirement to cover truth and lies in witness interviews stems from assumptions made about the competency of certain witnesses prior to the implementation of the Criminal Justice Act 1991. In essence, it was assumed that children and some witnesses with learning disabilities may not be competent because they might not have sufficiently developed the concepts of truth and lies. While the legal requirement to discuss truth and lies was removed as a result of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 it was nevertheless seen to be a matter of good practice in the Memorandum of Good Practice on Video-Recorded Interviews for Child Witnesses in Criminal Proceedings (Home Office 1992) and in the Achieving Best Evidence guidance that succeeded it in 2002 (revised in 2007). Achieving Best Evidence has, however, always been clear that a discussion of truth and lies is only applicable the children3 and to vulnerable adult witnesses Òwhere there is an issue as to whether the vulnerable witness understands the value and importance of telling the truthÓ (paragraph 3.176, Achieving Best Evidence 2007). Vulnerable adult witnesses are defined as those with a mental disorder, 2 For example, page 1, paragraph 1 of Achieving Best Evidence. 3 Currently under 17, will be under 18 when section 98 Coroners and Justice Act 2009 is implemented. significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning (commonly interpreted as meaning learning disability) or a physical disability or disorder having an impact on the personÕs ability to communicate (Section 16 Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999). In practice, the issue of whether or not a vulnerable adult understands truth and lies is only usually linked to adults with a learning disability. Achieving Best Evidence goes on