two years. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of PPD and the Detective Inspector responsible for the Missing Portfolio are responsible for this procedure. All queries relating to this procedure should be directed to them. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Public Protection Department Policy Owner/Author: Supt Ben MANT / DI Eirin MARTIN Technical Author: Sophie ROGERS Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Crime and Justice Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 25/05/2018 2.0 Data Protection section amended to reflect implementation of GDPR and new DPA. 25/10/2018 3.0 Version 2.0 reviewed at 12 months and amended in line with updated APP guidance. New s14 Radicalisation added. 04.09.2022 4.0 Policy and Procedure section revised and split into two separate documents. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version D/Supt Ben Mant, Head of PPD 25.08.2022 4.0 ACC Deb Smith, ACC Crime, Justice, and Vulnerability Continuous Improvement Team 04..09.2022 4.0 Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief 06.09.2022 4.0 Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers 05.09.2022 4.0 Other: Aide Memoire 05.09.2022 4.0 Equality Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements No additional training requirements. IT Infrastructure No additional IT Infrastructure required. POLICY STATEMENT. Automatic Number plate Recognition (ANPR) technology is used for law enforcement purposes, to help detect, deter and disrupt criminality at a local, force, regional and national level. This includes tackling travelling criminals, Organised Crime Groups and terrorists. By definition, ANPR provides lines of enquiry and evidence in the investigation of crime. The National ANPR Standards for Policing and Law Enforcement (NASPLE) defines the standard required for the development and use of ANPR systems by Law Enforcement Agencies (LEA). The procedure for the management and use of ANPR systems within Wiltshire Police is consistent with NASPLE and is applicable to all officers and staff who have authorised access to the system. The National ANPR capability (NAC) enables LEA to benefit from operational use of ANPR. The NAC comprises: The National ANPR Service (NAS) comprising standardised functionality to enable use for operational response, investigation and intelligence purposes as well as a single national store of data; any other national store of data provided for law enforcement purposes relating to terrorism and serious criminal offences and where necessary and proportionate for other law enforcement purposes. local ANPR systems to enable use for operational response, investigation, and intelligence purposes, and the National ANPR Infrastructure (NAI) which is a network of ANPR cameras, communications links, firewalls and other related supporting components. This Policy relates to the access, management and use of ANPR data including provisions for audit of the NAS. Glossary of Terms. Acronym Description ANPR Automatic Number Plate Recognition ANPR system A collection of cameras, readers & components linking to NAS Audit Standards National Standards for Compliance and Audit of Law Enforcement ANPR Camera The device used