for example, failure to take medication, loss of accommodation, relationship breakdown, drug / alcohol misuse. High risk: There are identifiable indicators of risk of serious harm. The potential event could happen at any time and the impact would be serious. Table of Contents In standard and medium cases the attending officerﾃ不 supervisor must review the circumstances and the immediate safeguarding actions taken. In high risk cases the duty inspector must review the circumstances and immediate safeguarding actions taken and the case must be referred to CID/PPD for investigative advice. The list below is not intended to be used as a checklist (e.g. for questioning victims) but to give operational officers an overview of the issues which are relevant in ours and multi-agency responses to harassment cases. a. The Harassment o Happening more often or getting worse o The suspect is physically present at the victimﾃ不 home, workplace or place where they can regularly be found (e.g. more than three times a week) o Directed against anyone other than the victim (e.g. partner, family, friends, children, neighbours, work colleagues) o Threats of harm being made to the victim or someone else, including indirect threats o Destruction or vandalism of property of either the victim or someone else. b. The Suspect o Intelligence or a criminal record for violence or other offending (e.g. domestic abuse, child abuse, sexual offending, other violence, theft, criminal damage) o Engaged in harassment on previous occasions against the victim or someone else o Harmed the victim or anyone else physically or sexually (including family, anyone else they have had a relationship with, or a stranger) o Harmed animals o Breached an injunction, court order or bail conditions o Involved other people to assist in the harassment (whether they are conscious of their involvement or not) o Knowledge available about the victim, in particular, the victimﾃ不 work, home, personal lifestyle and movements (e.g. due to the relationship with the victim or access to information due to the suspectﾃ不 profession or expertise) o Occupation or interests are a source of concern (e.g. access to weapons, firearms licence holder or access to confidential information) o Threatened or attempted suicide o History of misuse of drugs (prescription or other) or alcohol. o Mental ill health and any behaviour indicating symptoms of mental ill health (e.g. evidence of delusions or hallucinations) c. The Stalking Substantial adverse effect on day to day activities. The Home Office considers that evidence of the following are linked to risk factors:- o the victim changing their route to work patterns or employment o the victims arranging for friends or family to pick up from school (to avoid contact with stalker) o the victim putting in place additional security measures in their home o the victim moving home o physical or mental ill health o the victims deterioration in performance at work due to stress o the victim stopping or changing the way they socialise Table of Contents d. The Victim The investigating officer should consider all potential