carried out in accordance with religious beliefs. However, FGM predates Christianity, Islam and Judaism, and the Bible, Koran, Torah and other religious texts do not advocate or justify FGM. A.2. Medicalisation of FGM Some who support the practice have sought to eliminate risks of infection (by, for example, carrying it out in a medical environment) in order to legitimise FGM. However, in addition to the immediate risks associated with FGM being carried out, it can have serious and harmful long-term psychological and physical effects, regardless of how the procedure was done. 38 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation A.3. Consequences of FGM Men and women in practising communities may be unaware of the potential harmful health and welfare consequences of FGM, some of which are set out below. A.3.1 Immediate/Short-Term Consequences of FGM The immediate/short-term consequences of FGM can include: • severe pain; • shock; • haemorrhage; • wound infections; • urinary retention; • injury to adjacent tissues; • genital swelling; and/or • death. A.3.2 Long-Term Consequences of FGM The long-term consequences of FGM can include: • genital scarring; • genital cysts and keloid scar formation; • recurrent urinary tract infections and difficulties in passing urine; • possible increased risk of blood infections such as hepatitis B and HIV; • pain during sex, lack of pleasurable sensation and impaired sexual function; • psychological concerns such as anxiety, flashbacks and post traumatic stress disorder; • difficulties with menstruation (periods); • complications in pregnancy or childbirth (including prolonged labour, bleeding or tears during childbirth, increased risk of caesarean section); and • increased risk of stillbirth and death of child during or just after birth. Further information on care and support for women and girls affected by FGM is provided at Annex F. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 39 Annex B: Risk B.1. Risk Factors The most significant factor to consider when deciding whether a girl or woman may be at risk of FGM is whether her family has a history of practising FGM. In addition, it is important to consider whether FGM is known to be practised in her community or country of origin. The age at which girls undergo FGM varies enormously according to the community. The procedure may be carried out when the girl is new-born, during childhood or adolescence, at marriage or during a first pregnancy. Given the hidden nature of FGM, individuals from communities where it takes place may not be aware of the practice. Women and girls who have undergone FGM may not fully understand what FGM is, what the consequences are, or that they themselves have had FGM. Given this context, discussions about FGM should always be undertaken with appropriate care and sensitivity (see Annex C). It is believed that FGM may happen to girls in the UK as well as overseas. Girls of school age who are subjected to FGM overseas are likely to be taken abroad (often to the familyÕs country of origin) at the start of the school