leave a package containing a bladed weapon on a doorstep when no one is in to receive it. Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: Ò ItÕs a total disgrace how easy it still is for children to get dangerous weapons online. Ò More than two years after Ronan Kanda was killed with a ninja sword bought by a teenager online, too many retailers still donÕt have proper checks in place. Ò ItÕs too easy to put in false birth dates, parcels are too often being dropped o? at a doorstop with no questions asked. Ò We cannot go on like this. We need much stronger checks Ð before you buy, before itÕs delivered. Ò The measures I am setting out today will be crucial in addressing this problem and are part of our Plan for Change and mission to make streets safer.Ó Last year the Home Secretary commissioned Commander Stephen Clayman, the national police lead on knife crime, to carry out a full review into the online sale and delivery of knives. The full report is expected at the end of the month and stronger ID checks are one of the recommendations. We have also already announced that we will hold social media executives to account for knife crime related content which glorifies and incites violence amongst young people. Senior execs of social media companies will face significant fines in the region of £10,000 for failing to swiftly remove knife crime related content from their platforms. The measures announced today are set to be included as part of the Crime and Policing Bill which is expected to be introduced to Parliament by spring, with more proposals still to come in the coming weeks. Share this page The following links open in a new tab Facebook Twitter Published 28 January 2025 Explore the topic Knife, gun and gang crime Policing Victims of crime Young people and the law Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Serious Crime Bill Delegated Powers Ð Supplementary Memorandum by the Home Office The Government has tabled further amendments to the Serious Crime Bill for Lords Report stage; these include a new delegated power. This supplementary memorandum explains why the power has been taken and the reason for the procedure selected. New clause ÒKnives and offensive weapons in prisonÓ Ð new section 40CA of the Prison Act 1952: Power to authorise possession in prison of a knife or offensive weapon Power conferred on: The Secretary of State, governor or director of a prison or person authorised by them Power exercisable by: (i) The Prison Rules made