w n e r o r occupier of the premises on which it was seized or the person who had custody or control of it immediately prior to its seizure should on request be provided with a list or description of the property within a reasonable time. 120. That person or their representative should be allowed supervised access to the property to examine it or have it photographed or copied, or must be provided with a photograph or copy, in either case within a reasonable time of any request and at their own expense, unless the appropriate officer has reasonable grounds for believing that this would prejudice the investigation or any proceedings. A record of the grounds should be made in any case where access is denied. Access to search warrant application documents 121. If any person affected by a search and seizure warrant seeks access to the documents supporting the application for the search and seizure warrant, the appropriate officer or the appropriate person is expected to consider the request within 14 days. Access may be refused, for example, on the basis that allowing access to some or all of the documents would: • prejudice the prevention or detection of crime; • prejudice the apprehension or prosecution of offenders; or • be contrary to any public interest in maintaining the confidentiality of that information. • Customer Information Orders in Civil Recovery Investigations 122. Persons to whom this part of the Code applies should familiarise themselves with the introduction section which sets out general instructions relating to all the orders and warrants. Definition 123. A customer information order compels a financial institution covered by the application to provide any customer information it has relating to the person specified in the application on receipt of a written notice from an appropriate officer asking for that information. Customer information is defined at section 364. A financial institution means a person carrying on a business in the regulated sector36. Regulated sector is defined at Schedule 9 to POCA. Persons who can apply for a customer information order 124. An application can be made by an appropriate officer. Statutory requirements 125. The application should state: • a person specified in the application is subject to a civil recovery investigation; • that the order is sought for the purposes of that investigation; • the financial institutions, or a description of financial institutions, from which the customer information is to be obtained. A description of financial institutions may include all financial institutions but would usually be specifically targeted, such as those financial institutions within a geographical area; • the reasonable grounds for suspecting that the person specified in the application: o holds recoverable property or associated property, or o has, at any time, held property that was recoverable property or associated property at the time; • the reasonable grounds for believing: o that customer information which may be provided in compliance with the order is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by 36