Also known as fail unlock, reverse action or power locked. False alarm A fire signal, usually from a fire warning system, resulting from a cause other than fire. Final exit An exit from a building where people can continue to disperse in safety and where they are no longer at danger from fire and/or smoke. Fire compartment A building, or part of a building, constructed to prevent the spread of fire to or from another part of the same building or an adjoining building. Fire door A door or shutter, together with its frame and furniture, provided for the passage of people, air or goods which, when closed is intended to restrict the passage of fire and/or smoke to a predictable level of performance. Term Definition Firefighting lift A lift, designed to have additional protection, with controls that enable it to be used under the direct control of the fire and rescue service when fighting a fire. Firefighting shaft A fire-resisting enclosure containing a firefighting stair, fire mains, firefighting lobbies and if provided, a firefighting lift. Firefighting stairway See firefighting shaft. Fire resistance The ability of a component or construction of a building to satisfy, for a stated period of time, some or all of the appropriate criteria of relevant standards. (Generally described as 30 minutes fire- resisting or 60 minutes fire-resisting.) See BS EN 1363-1,46 BS 476-733 and associated standards for further information. Fire safety manager A nominated person with responsibility for carrying out day-to-day management of fire safety. (This may or may not be the same as the Ôresponsible personÕ.) Fire safety strategy A number of planned and co-ordinated arrangements designed to reduce the risk of fire and to ensure the safety of people if there is a fire. Fire stopping A seal provided to close an imperfection of fit or design tolerance between elements or components, to restrict the passage of fire and smoke. Fire-warning system A means of alerting people to the existence of a fire. (See automatic fire detection system.) Flammable material Easily ignited and capable of burning rapidly. Highly flammable Generally liquids with a flashpoint of below 21¡C. (The Chemicals Hazard Information and Packaging for Supply Regulations 200247 (CHIP) give more detailed guidance.) Hazardous substance 1. See Dangerous substance. 2. A substance subject to the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002 (COSHH). Inner room A room from which escape is possible only by passing through another room (the access room). Licensed premises Any premises that require a licence under any statute to undertake trade or conduct business activities. Material change An alteration to the premises, process or service which significantly affects the level of risk to people from fire in those premises. 130 Term Definition Means of escape Route(s) provided to ensure safe egress from the premises or other locations to a place of total safety. Phased evacuation A system of evacuation in which different parts of the premises are evacuated in a controlled sequence of phases, those parts of the premises