the application and in any event should not exceed 30 guards in the initial application. Applications that have been submitted without sufficient justification for the number of guards included in the application are likely to be delayed and may be refused. Only those guards who will be employed on a UK registered ship will be considered1. 30.5 A PMSC may submit an application for clearance for additional guards at any time, but the number of guards requested to be cleared on each occasion must not exceed 30. If a PMSC wishes to request clearance for additional guards following issue of a section 5 authority, evidence must be provided to show that the guards will be employed on a UK registered ship and that the additional guards are necessary. The number of guards to be checked must be kept to the minimum necessary to service the PMSCÕs contract in order to prevent delay in processing of the section 5 application. Armed guards: duration of clearance 30.6 Following the grant of a section 5 authority, when a PMSC wishes to submit further guards for clearance they should be aware of the following: guards are servants of the PMSC and their clearances are linked to the expiry date of the companyÕs section 5 authority. Therefore, when the PMSCÕs section 5 authority expires, most guards will also need to have their clearances renewed at that time. However, guards whose clearances were carried out four months or less before the PMSCÕs authority is due to expire do not need to have their clearance renewed. In cases where a PMSC has been given a three year authority, guards will need to have their clearances undertaken every 12 months, and the PMSC should submit an application to the Home Office on this basis. Armed guards: information to be provided 30.7 The following information should be provided in respect of each armed guard: • full name (including any previous names) • date and place of birth 1 This only applies to guards on UK ships because the Firearms Act 1968 as a whole (and accordingly the section 5 requirement for an authority) applies to UK registered vessels rather than foreign registered vessels. 1 • residential addresses covering the previous five years • copy of the guardÕs passport • and a declaration of consent to checks being carried out. 30.8 A copy of the guardÕs passport must be provided so that their identity can be verified. To speed up the application process PMSCs may wish to submit an enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) certificate for each of the armed guards. PMSCs should not put forward people who, through their own due diligence checks, are not suitable. Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) 30.9 The Disclosure and Barring Service Ð www.homeoffice.gov.uk/agencies-public-bodies/dbs/ Ð will, on payment of the appropriate fee, provide an Enhanced Disclosure for armed guards who are proposed to be deployed as part of a section 5 application. There will be an additional charge for the use of a