is not possible to describe the material (for the purposes of a production order) and access will not be gained without a warrant (e.g. to the residence of the suspect). 26 Material falls within subsection (7) if it cannot be identified at the time of the application but it relates to the person or property specified in the application or to certain related questions, and is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by itself) to the investigation for the purposes of which the warrant is sought. 79. "Premises" has the same meaning as in section 23 of PACE27 and article 25 of PACE (NI) and includes any place and, in particular, includes any vehicle, vessel, aircraft or hovercraft, any offshore installation, any renewable energy installation28, any tent or moveable structure. 80. The search and seizure warrant does not include a power to stop a person, make an arrest or to search a person. The legislation and this Code only apply to searches of premises. Th is Code doe s not ap ply to s earch es c onducted w ith co nse nt wi th out a se arch and seizur e warr ant. Particular action to be taken before an application for a search and seizure warrant 81. The appropriate officer should at all times bear in mind that a search and seizure warrant is the most invasive of the powers of investigation. 82. The appropriate officer should consider why he needs a search and seizure warrant rather than a production order with an order to grant entry. 83. The appropriate officer should ascertain as specifically as is possible in the circumstances the nature of the material to be specified in the application and its location. 84. The appropriate officer should also make reasonable enquiries to establish what, if anything, is known about the likely owner or occupier, or person in control, of the premises and the nature of the premises themselves; whether they have been previously searched and if so how recently; and obtain any other information relevant to the application. Particular action in making an application for a search and seizure warrant 85. An application for a search and seizure warrant should state: • that a person specified in the application is subject to a civil recovery investigation; • the name (if any) and address of the premises to be searched and the object of the search; • the material which is sought, or that there are reasonable grounds for believing that there is material falling within section 353(7) on the premises; 27 See section 379. 28 A renewable energy installation is not explicitly included in the PACE (NI) definition of premises • which of the requirements under section 352(6) apply to the application; • if relying upon satisfying section 353: o how subsection (2)(b) of that section applies; and o which of the conditions in either subsection (3) or (5) apply to the application; and • the name of the appropriate officer or