Force policy and procedures are binding on all members of the organisation and individuals will be accountable for their actions. Non-compliance may render individuals subject to disciplinary action. Authorised Professional Practice and NPCC Guides sit alongside Force policy and procedures. Wherever possible Force policy and procedures will be aligned to Authorised Professional Practice or relevant NPCC Guide. In some circumstances a specific content area of Authorised Professional Practice or an NPCC Guide may be adopted as Force policy and will have the same status as Force policy. The decision to replace a Force policy or procedure with Authorised Professional Practice or an NPCC Guide will follow the same process and require the same level of approval as the adoption of a new Force Policy (see appendix A below). Roles and Responsibilities. Any member of staff tasked with developing new policy or procedure is responsible for: ensuring that the new policy or procedure is sponsored by the relevant Chief Officer Group member responsible for that business area drafting the new policy or procedure aligning the policy or procedure with Authorised Professional Practice and relevant national Guidance consultation and implementation of the new policy or procedure and completion of an Equality Impact Assessment The department owning a policy or procedure is responsible for maintaining and reviewing that policy or procedure. All Force policies and procedures should be reviewed regularly, at least once every 3 years, with critical areas reviewed yearly. A full review will constitute more than just reading through that policy or procedure; a number of important elements must be considered. These elements are listed in appendix B (below). The Head of Department (Superintendent or Police Staff equivalent) is responsible for all policies and procedures falling within their business area. Heads of departments have the responsibility of ensuring that the policies and procedures sitting within their remit are relevant, accurate and fit for purpose. The Continuous Improvement Team, through the Force Policy Officer, has responsibility for overseeing all Force policies and procedures and for ensuring that the relevant department head is notified prior to a policy or procedures next review date. The Continuous Improvement Team will maintain a log of all Force policies and procedures. All Force policies and procedures can be found on the SharePoint Policy Library. Force policies and procedures that are no longer current working practice will be withdrawn, archived and removed from SharePoint Policy Library by a member of the Continuous Improvement Team. The responsibility for removing archived documents from other SharePoint sites rest with relevant site owner. A copy of all archived policies and procedures will be retained for future reference and audit purposes by the Force Policy Officer. Policy Process. To ensure consistency in policy and procedure formation and implementation all Force policies and procedures must: 1. Be drafted on the current form for drafting and submitting a new policy. 2. Equality Impact assessed. 3. Approved and signed off at the appropriate level. For most policies and procedures this will be the relevant Chief Officer