want to consider whether a local court hearing centre is appropriately equipped to deal with a particular case and could therefore order that it retains the matter. The decision to transfer proceedings rests with the court and the applicant must be prepared to assist the court in making this decision. The judge has the power to transfer an injunction hearing to a different location if he/she believes that adequate security arrangements are not in place. This could include moving it to a different court room where possible or transferring one particular hearing to another court, or transferring the entire case to another court. 19 CPR PD 65 para 1.2. 31 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 9.5. Courts at which an application may be heard: security considerations Applicants should take security concerns into account throughout the entire injunction process. The greatest risks to court security are likely to be at full injunction or breach hearings, but applicants should also mitigate any potential risks associated with Ôwithout noticeÕ hearings. For all applications, it is the responsibility of applicants to liaise with courts well in advance of hearings to talk court staff through their risk assessment (and update this where necessary) to help the court come to a decision about the appropriate venue and ensure that the necessary facilities are in place. The applicant should work with the police and court staff to ensure that measures are in place to respond to any security risk(s). These risks might include: • the listing of members of rival gangs in the same court building on the same day; • the safety of witnesses and other community members; and • the safety of court staff. The security facilities and special measures necessary to hear cases involving potentially violent individuals, may include: • courtroom layout Ð ensuring that the layout provides adequate security measures to create a safe environment; • victim and witness facilities Ð to create separate waiting areas for witnesses so that they do not come into contact with respondents; • secure cells Ð ensuring that secure accommodation is available to hold respondents pending any hearing/breach etc; • special measures Ð to assist vulnerable/intimidated witnesses e.g. screens preventing the respondent seeing the witness or video-link; and, • access to a witness support team The police must be prepared to provide a visible presence at the court should this be deemed necessary. 9.6. Witness care Witnesses who are willing to give evidence in court provide the best form of evidence and, where possible, should be encouraged to come forward. However, witnesses often feel anxious about giving evidence in cases such as these. Their concerns may include the prospect of appearing in court, coming face to face with gang members or being threatened by them. The Statutory Code of Practice for Victims of Crime (VictimsÕ Code) sets out the service obligations which criminal justice agencies are required to provide to victims of crime. Similarly the Witness Charter sets out standards of