113 of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 applies to the chief finance officer of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis as it applies to the persons having responsibility for the administration of financial affairs mentioned in that section. 2 (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must appoint a qualified person to act as chief finance officer, if and for as long asÑ (a) that post is vacant, or (a) 168 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the holder of that post is, in the Commissioner's opinion, unable to carry out the duties of that post. (2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) a person is qualified to be appointed to act as chief finance officer if that person is qualified to be appointed to the post under paragraph 1. (3) A reference in any enactment to the metropolitan police force's chief finance officer includes a reference to a person acting as chief finance officer in accordance with sub-paragraph (1). Remuneration etc of staff 3 (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may pay remuneration, allowances and gratuities to the members of the metropolitan police force's civilian staff. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may payÑ (a) pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the metropolitan police force's civilian staff, and (b) amounts for or towards provision of pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the metropolitan police force's civilian staff. (3) In this paragraph ÒallowancesÓ, in relation to a member of a metropolitan police force's civilian staff, means allowances in respect of expenses incurred by the member of staff in the course of employment as such a member of staff. Incidental powers 4 (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may do anything which is calculated to facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the exercise of the functions of the Commissioner. (2) That includesÑ (a) entering into contracts and other agreements (whether legally binding or not), but only with the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (b) acquiring and disposing of property, apart from land, but only with the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. F200(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4) Sub-paragraph (3) does not require the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to obtain the consent of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime in order to enter into a contract or other agreement with a personÑ (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act