and Occupational Health, should work with the Student Officer in regards to what these adjustments could look like. 8. Student Officer Unsatisfactory/Unacceptable Performance 8.1 Once on independent patrol, if a Student Officer is failing to meet the required levels of performance at set reviews, or serious under performance is evidenced at any other time, their supervisor and Trainer will liaise with a view to initiating the Reg 13 procedure (Please see step by step). 1.1 8.2 The contacted HEI partner (USW) will share relevant information with the originating force should the student fail to meet the required level of academic performance at set reviews or there has been a serious breach of any standard, or there is evidence of malpractice. Should this occur, a meeting will be convened between the contracted HEI, the Apprenticeship Consultant. SOAT and HR to discuss any appropriate action. If deemed appropriate, a report may be submitted to the Professional Standards Department. 8.3 If it is identified that the student needs additional support and development in any areas, a Support Plan will be prepared by the People Development Department and performance monitored (in collaboration with the contracted HEI partner where applicable). 8.4 Regulation 13 Police Regulations 2003 and the management of unsatisfactory performance will be led by Wiltshire Police. However, it is recognised that the contracted HEI partner (USW) also has responsibility for an individualÕs academic performance which is distinct from unsatisfactory performance procedures for an individual in their role as a Police Officer. Any management of unsatisfactory performance may include the contracted HEI provider where required. 8.5 Should either the tutor or the Sergeant have concerns in regards to the SOÕs performance, these should be addressed with the SO informally in order to identify issues and further training needs. An informal support plan should be put in place with the SO and regular reviews should be conducted and recorded to reflect improvements or deterioration. A 3 month period of assessment will normally be sufficient time but may be extended dependent on nature of issues. 8.6 Following informal support, should the requirements of the support plan not be met, or if there is continued unsatisfactory performance following the conclusion of the informal assessment period, a Formal Performance Review Meeting should be convened. As with the Attendance Review Meeting, this should be chaired by the Inspector and may involve input from the Training Manager and/or SOAT supervisor responsible for overseeing the studentÕs development at the time as well as the Tutor and Sergeant as appropriate. In the interests of openness and fairness the Student Officer and their federation representative or Police Officer friend will be given copies of any documentation and a copy of this policy at least 5 days in advance of the Performance Review Meeting in order that they can have a proper opportunity to consider their response. In this situation, the Apprenticeship Consultant should be informed. 8.7 The Inspector will review the evidence submitted by the Sergeant in respect of a recommendation to dispense