inform the design of the future Social Housing Decarbonisation Fund. Provision of green spaces 106. In addition to the responses to the social housing Green PaperÕs question on decent homes, COVID-19 is also showing the importance of access to safe, open and green spaces for peopleÕs wellbeing. The importance of access to green spaces for exercise and mental wellbeing is especially important for those without private gardens. In our manifesto, we set an ambition for all new streets to be lined with trees. Street trees can bring a wide range of benefits that can lead to long-term improvements in peopleÕs health, including environmental improvements related to biodiversity and climate change, and social benefits, such as encouraging increased levels of walking, improved mental health and decreased incidences of crime. 107. The GovernmentÕs 25 Year Environment Plan, published in January 2018, makes commitments to connect people with the environment to improve health and wellbeing. It includes a commitment to develop a National Framework of Green Infrastructure Standards, recognising the vital role that good green infrastructure can play in health and wellbeing, as well as wider benefits such as helping in natureÕs recovery, supporting local economies and adapting to climate change. We are bringing forward a new Framework of Green Infrastructure Standards to show what good green infrastructure looks like and to help local authorities, developers and communities to improve green infrastructure, including greenspace provision in their area. This includes providing adequate access to high quality green space for their local communities. 108. The 25 Year Environment Plan also sets out that spending time in the natural environment can improve our mental health and feelings of wellbeing. It can reduce stress, fatigue, anxiety and depression. In support of these commitments, we will begin a project to explore how to scale up green social prescribing services in England in order to improve mental health outcomes, reduce health inequalities and reduce demand on the health and social care system. 109. We will invest over £4 million29 to bring together multiple partners to co-design and co-deliver this work, including the Department of Health and Social Care, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Natural England, NHS England, Public Health England and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government. We will develop four local pilots across England, which will establish what is required to scale up green social prescribing at a local level and take steps to increase patient referrals to nature-based activities. We will conduct experimental work at the national level to understand where and why there is potential for rapid growth and what interventions can support and enable scaling up. 110. The Decent Homes Standard review will also consider how improvements to communal space around social homes could make places more liveable, safe and comfortable. This will build on the regulatorÕs existing Neighbourhood and Community consumer standard requiring landlords, working with other agencies, to keep the neighbourhood and communal areas associated with the homes they own clean and safe, and to promote social