for example an emergency plan Ð though an emergency plan may contain information that has been supplied by another Category 1 or 2 responder, and the use to which this information may be put may be subject to limits. It is also important to be mindful that information is sensitive within different environments, and whilst some information may be suitable for sharing among Category 1 or 2 responders, it might not be suitable for the wider public. 11 regulation 46 Disclosure of non-sensitive information 3.30. Neither the Act nor the Regulations place any restriction on the disclosure of non-sensitive information that is obtained under the Act. Nor do the Act or Regulations create any restriction on disclosure of non-sensitive information that is created by a Category 1 or 2 responder in the course of carrying out its functions under the Act. However, non-sensitive information which is received from other Category 1 or 2 responders or third parties may be subject to a duty of confidence or contractual restrictions on disclosure. Category 1 or 2 responders may also be subject to other statutory restrictions on disclosure. 3.31. Just because there is no restriction on disclosure, this does not necessarily mean that the Category 1 or 2 responder will be obliged to disclose the information. But some Category 1 or 2 responders may be under a legal obligation to disclose certain information Ð in particular, under the Act (see, for example, the duty to arrange to publish in part the plans and risk assessments),12 the Freedom of Information Act 2000 (FOIA) and the Environmental Information Regulations 2004 (EIR).13 Using sensitive information within the planning process 3.32. 12 s. 2(1)(f) 13 S.I.2004/3391 If a Category 1 responder asks for sensitive information for the purpose of performing a particular function under its regulatory regime, that information may only be used for that purpose. 14 The effect of this will be to limit the circulation of information within Category 1 responder organisations. For example, information about the robustness of mobile phone coverage in the event of an emergency, legitimately obtained by one part of an organisation for use in emergency plans, should not be shared with another part of the organisation responsible for the organisationÕs contractual relationship with its mobile phone provider. 14 regulation 52(1) 3.33. If a Category 1 or 2 responder wishes to use sensitive information it has received by virtue of an information request under the Act for a different purpose, it must 3.1. obtain the consent of the relevant person or organisation.15 The relevant person or organisation for different types of sensitive information is set out in Figure 3.1. 3.34. The use of sensitive information may be further restricted by duties of confidence, by other enactment or by contract. 3.35. Restrictions on the disclosure of sensitive information which is created by a Category 1 or 2 responder in the course of carrying out its duties under the Act are dealt with below. This is likely to limit the way in which