Effect of conviction etc of an offence under section 122H etc 122(I1) This section applies to a person (Òthe defendantÓ) whoÑ (a) is convicted of an offence mentioned in subsection (2); (b) is found not guilty of such an offence by reason of insanity; (c) is found to be under a disability and to have done the act charged against him in respect of such an offence; or (d) is cautioned in respect of such an offence. (2) Those offences areÑ (a) an offence under section 122H or 128 of this Act; (b) an offence under section 7 of the Protection of Children and Prevention of Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2005 (contravention (a) 204 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes of risk of sexual harm order or interim risk of sexual harm order in Scotland). (3) WhereÑ (a) a defendant was a relevant offender immediately before this section applied to the defendant, and (b) the defendant would (apart from this subsection) cease to be subject to the notification requirements of this Part while the relevant order (as renewed from time to time) has effect, the defendant remains subject to the notification requirements. (4) Where the defendant was not a relevant offender immediately before this section applied to the defendantÑ (a) this section causes the defendant to become subject to the notification requirements of this Part from the time the section first applies to the defendant until the relevant order (as renewed from time to time) ceases to have effect, and (b) this Part applies to the defendant, subject to the modification set out in subsection (5). (5) The Òrelevant dateÓ is the date on which this section first applies to the defendant. (6) In this section Òrelevant orderÓ meansÑ (a) where the conviction, finding or caution within subsection (1) is in respect of a breach of a sexual risk order or a risk of sexual harm order, that order; (b) where the conviction, finding or caution within subsection (1) is in respect of a breach of an interim sexual risk order or an interim risk of sexual harm order, any sexual risk order or risk of sexual harm order made on the hearing of the application to which the interim order relates or, if no such order is made, the interim order. (7) In subsection (6) Òrisk of sexual harm orderÓ and Òinterim risk of sexual harm orderÓ include orders under sections 2 and