to call witnesses and submit written statements or representations • Copies of any written material that will be referred to at the meeting (at minimum this will always include the investigation report) 8.1.4 Prior to the Discipline Meeting/Hearing Not later than 5 working days before the date of the hearing, the employee shall supply to HR: • any written statements or representations they wish to be considered at the meeting/hearing (failure to do so will result in such papers not being considered at the hearing) • details of any witnesses they wish to call including their rationale for the request • if not already known, details of their representative (if any) Not later than 3 working days before the date of the meeting/hearing, the HR Department will ensure that papers are circulated to all parties and confirm the attendance of witnesses for both sides. 8.1.5 Witnesses Providing advance notice is given relevant witnesses may be called by either party where this is considered necessary, having consulted with the relevant parties beforehand. Where witnesses are called in addition to witness statements being provided beforehand, the number of witnesses called will be limited to that deemed necessary for a fair hearing of the case. The employee and/or their representative have a right to raise points about the testimony of a witness. The Chair will make the decision based on the information provided as to whether or not the witnessÕs attendance is mandatory or optional. 8.1.6 Cancellation/Delay of the Disciplinary Meeting/Hearing If a scheduled discipline meeting/hearing is cancelled by the Organisation, an explanation will be provided and a rescheduled meeting will normally take place within 5 working days or as soon as practicably possible. This would be on the assumption that the details of any representative and submission of written statements had already been complied with. Table of Contents In the event of the employee making a request for an alternative date or not attending the meeting/hearing as arranged, the employee should also provide an explanation for the request and a rescheduled meeting/hearing may be reconvened to a later date at the discretion of the Chair. The Chair will take into consideration the reason for the request or non-attendance in making their decision. Multiple requests for an alternative date or failure to attend without good cause on more than one occasion is likely to result in the case being heard in the employeeÕs absence and consideration being given to the evidence made available to Chair at that time only. 8.1.7 Overview of Meeting/Hearing Structure Present at a formal Discipline Meeting/Hearing will normally be: • Chair • Investigating Officer • Member of HR as technical support for the Chair • Note Taker (in the event of a Meeting. A Hearing will be recorded) • Employee under investigation • EmployeeÕs representative/fellow worker (if employee chooses to have one) • Agreed witnesses (who will be called in to give their evidence and then asked to leave) However, the Chair reserves the right to reduce the number