Health and Economic Education (PSHE) mandatory as well, subject to the outcome of thorough consideration of the subject. The Department for Education has conducted a thorough engagement process on the scope and content of Relationships Education and RSE, including further consideration of PSHE. This process involved engagement with stakeholders and a public call for evidence, and will be followed by a formal consultation on the resulting regulations and guidance. Elsewhere the Government has also provided £2.3 million funding for the second phase of the successful ÔDisrespect NobodyÕ campaign, which raises young peopleÕs awareness of healthy relationships and safe choices. 32. Increasing the effectiveness of Keeping Children Safe in Education (KCSIE) guidance. We plan to update this guidance for education professionals to reflect current safeguarding concerns and understanding of good practice, including an already strong focus on the importance of referrals and information sharing. We published a public consultation into proposed revisions to KCSIE on 14 December 2017, the consultation closing on 22 February 2018. The intention is to publish revised guidance, for information, in the summer term 2018 to be effective from September 2018. 33. Targeting support for areas where abuse concerns are emerging, including in sport. In response to allegations of non-recent child sexual abuse that surfaced in late 2016, the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport is working with other government departments and the sport sector to ensure that sports clubs and organisations have strong processes in place for dealing with any allegations of non-recent abuse and to ensure that current arrangements for safeguarding children and young people in sports environments are as robust as possible. Our Together, we can tackle child abuse communications campaign aims to reach practitioners and volunteers across a broad range of sectors and communities, including those not part of traditional child protection arrangements, and in both regulated and non-regulated professions and settings. 34. Creating a safe space for whistle-blowers. We have established a whistleblowing helpline for practitioners to raise concerns about their organisationÕs ability to protect children from abuse and neglect. Such measures are vitally important to counter the sort of behaviour where it appears the imperative to report and act on child abuse is wrongly counterbalanced, or even outweighed, by a desire to safeguard personal status, institutional reputation or profitability. To improve information sharing, we are: 35. Improving multi-agency working, in particular local information sharing. Following the passage of the Children and Social Work Act 2017, we will introduce, during the current parliament, new multi-agency safeguarding arrangements to ensure shared and strengthened ownership of local safeguarding, replacing Local Safeguarding Children Boards. This is a major reform of the fundamental workings of local child protection. By supporting local areas to develop stronger, bespoke working arrangements between local authorities, health and the police, we expect to see a step change in the quality of inter-agency work to safeguard children. The new arrangements will provide additional powers to secure effective participation from key agencies and agree plans to strengthen information sharing. We know that