officially reviewed by the Health and Safety Department as part of the fire risk assessment for the building. The logbook will contain details on the following: • Fire Co-Ordinator Check Sheet • • Fire Risk Assessment. • Quarterly Inspection checklist. • Fire fighting equipment inspection record. • Fire alarm system test record. • Fire drill test record. • Emergency lighting test record. • Fire detection equipment test record. • Fire escape routes inspection record. • CAD drawing of site. 4.3 Fire Risk Assessment Process The process of carrying out a fire risk assessment is made up of several stages highlighted below. These will be adhered to as part of Wiltshire PoliceÕs Fire Risk Assessment program. Fire Safety Risk Assessment 1 Identify Fire Hazards Identify: Sources of Ignition Sources of Fuel Sources of Oxygen 2 Identify People at Risk Identify: People in and around the premises. Vulnerable people at risk. 3 Evaluate, Remove, Reduce and Protect from Risk Evaluate the risk of a fire occurring. Evaluate the risk of people from fire. Remove or reduce fire hazards. Remove or reduce the risks to people. 4 Record, Plan, Inform, Instruct and Train Record significant findings and actions taken. Prepare an emergency plan. Inform and instruct relevant people. Provide training. 5 Monitor and Review Keep the assessment under review. Revise where necessary. Remember to keep the fire risk assessment under review 4.4 Level 2. Fire Risk Assessments A two-yearly Level 2 Fire Risk Assessment will be carried out for all Wiltshire Police premises by competent health and safety staff in conjunction with the Facilities Department and local line management. The fire risk assessment will ensure that the appropriate fire safety procedures, fire prevention measures and fire precautions (plans and equipment) are in place and working properly. The fire risk assessment will identify and highlight any fire issues which require attention. Higher risk premises will receive an annual fire risk assessment. The aim of the fire risk assessment is to: • Identify fire hazards. • To reduce the risk of those hazards causing harm to anyone to as low as is reasonably practicable. • To decide on what physical precautions and management arrangements are required to ensure the safety of people within the building. It is the responsibility of the manager with overall responsibility for the building / premises to ensure any recommendations / actions are carried out within the defined time scales. The findings of the fire risk assessments will be recorded on Form 411 and copies of the completed fire risk assessments will be sent to the relevant manager with overall responsibility for the building/premises. Copies will also be placed in the local Fire Logbook. In the case of shared sites or joint ownership locations, the fire risk assessments will also be sent to the landlords, site sharers and other relevant persons for information /action as required. Any fire certificates issued under the Fire Precautions Act of 1971 will cease to have any effect. 4.5 Level 1 Fire Risk Assessments In addition