to communicate Police/OPCC information unless these have been approved by the ICT Department. When using Social Networking Sites (either for personal or Police/OPCC business use) the Standards of Professional Behaviour for Police Officers and Police Staff should be taken into consideration. Advice and Guidance on the use of Social Networking Sites will be issued from time to time and can be found in the Force Social Media Policy. 22.3 Information Security in Conversations and with the Use of (Mobile and Fixed) Telephone and recording Equipment Due care must be taken when using telephones, voicemail, answering machines, facsimiles and recording equipment (e.g. photographic, video and audio equipment) to ensure the protection of sensitive information. All telephone users must be aware that any speech over the telephone is at risk of interception by unauthorised persons or groups. All staff must comply with the ForceÕs Information Management Policy and Data Protection Policy. It is important that before you conduct a telephone conversation in an open plan office area or outside of the ForceÕs premises, you must consider the nature of the topic you are about to discuss. If the conversation is of a sensitive nature, you must ensure that there is no possibility of eavesdropping. Remember to always be aware of who is around you when holding a confidential conversation. In addition, messages containing sensitive Policing information must not be left on voicemail and answering machines. When sending or receiving sensitive information by facsimile, you must ensure that the information is not compromised. Always check the recipient facsimile number to ensure that it is correct before sending information. Ensure that the information is collected immediately from the facsimile. Ensure that all sensitive information sent by facsimile is destroyed when no longer needed. With regard to mobile phones, the following measures must be adopted: • The business use of mobile phones is regulated in line with this policy and the Wiltshire Police Force Laptop, Tablet and Mobile Phone Acceptable Use Agreement; • Force issued mobile phones are provided for Wiltshire Police and OPCC business use. Excessive personal use of Force mobile phones is not permitted (to be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use); • Telephones should not be left unattended and insecure; • Mobile Phones unused for 90 days will be wiped. If the mobile phone is still required following this provision the officer/member of staff must request a new phone; • Telephones should not be used for sensitive conversations. Where practicable, work and personal mobile telephones are forbidden from areas where highly sensitive information is discussed on a regular basis. 22.4 Airwave Radios The conditions of use for Airwave radios is detailed in the Airwave Security Operating Procedure (SyOPs). No departure from or amendment to the SyOPs is permitted. All authorised users of Airwave radios have a personal responsibility for the preservation of the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and information / communications systems / devices entrusted to them. Once issued, whether on a long or