SCG. Normally the MFCG will be chaired by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal or the SIM. Normally the MFCG will be chaired by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal or the SIM. For further information see MFCG aide memoire. Mass fatalities coordination group members Members of the MFCG can include: HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal senior identification manager (SIM) senior investigating oﬃcer (SIO) scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) supervising or lead pathologist police mortuary operations coordinator (PMOC) family liaison coordinator (FLC) a local authority representative with delegated powers around finance a legal team representative a representative of the Human Tissue Authority (HTA) any other designated individual in relation to the HTA licence key staﬀ from planning, resourcing and logistics teams Please note this list is not exhaustive and the MFCG group members will be dependent upon the incident and changing circumstances. See here for example aide memoire. Casualty bureau incident room The Casualty Bureau (CB) Incident Room is the central point where all information related to an incident is received, collated and assessed. This includes information about people believed to be involved in the incident. The CB Incident Room provides resources and a process to manage high- volume data, to identify key or critical information at the earliest opportunity. The CB Incident Room also provides a telephone line for the public to report people involved in an incident, as well as an online reporting facility, Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). This website can be used by the public to directly report information. It can also be used by police and other partner agencies to report people involved using the Investigative Triage Form (ITF), which is password-protected and predefined by the CB Manager. A CB Incident Room is likely to be activated when there is a significant demand from the public for information that exceeds normal force call- handling capabilities. It may also be activated by the SIM to receive a significant volume of information from the public (using the ITF). All police regions are required to have a CB Incident Room capability. All police forces can provide additional CB call-handling resources to support any other CB Incident Room upon a mutual aid request. All information received via the CB Incident Room telephone numbers and online via MIPP is recorded into a secure incident cloud-based account. This ensures that all information is collated in the same place. When the CB Incident Room is activated for a mass fatality incident, it manages all information in relation to the recovery, reconciliation, identification and repatriation of victims, as well as criminal investigation. For further information see Casualty Bureau Manager Suggested Initial Actions. For more information see the command, control and coordination section of the APP. 24/03/2025 DVI roles and responsibilities https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/disaster-victim-identification/dvi-roles-and- responsibilities Page DVI roles and responsibilities This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 11 February 2025 Written by College of Policing Disaster victim identification 16 mins read Senior identification manager DVI managers