likelihood of the appropriate deer species being present, and an invitation, booking or authority to shoot. This is not necessary where a person already holds a deer legal rifle for an established reason. Many deer stalkers will rely on invitations to shoot on payment rather than be hired or paid to do so and may not be able to shoot regularly or frequently, though others may be permanently employed, for example, Forestry Commission staff. Hunting large animals with powerful rifles requires particular skill, and applicants should generally have some experience of firearms. 12.33 The Deer Act 1991 also authorises the use of smooth-bore guns of at least 12 bore loaded with a cartridge purporting to contain AAA shot (shot which is .203 inches (5.16 millimetres) in diameter) or a cartridge containing a non-spherical projectile weighing not less than 22.68 grammes (350 grains) to kill deer on any land if it can be shown that the deer were causing serious damage to crops, vegetables, fruit, growing timber or other property, that such damage was likely to continue and be serious in nature and that action was needed to prevent this. This provision was intended to allow authorised persons (namely, but not restricted to, farmers and crofters) who own a shot gun but not a rifle to deal with marauding deer. Shot guns for use with solid slug should be cylinder bored and fitted with sights, if available. Solid slug is ammunition falling within section1 of the 1968 Act and so a firearm certificate is needed for possession and use. A suitable rifle would be more appropriate for a regular need to control deer. Scotland 12.34 The legislative requirements for the shooting of deer in Scotland are based on the performance of the ammunition, not the calibre of the rifle. Ammunition must be Òdesigned to deform in a predictable mannerÓ. Article 3 of the Deer (Firearms etc.) (Scotland) Order 1985 makes different provisions for the shooting of Roe deer in Scotland. A calibre is not stipulated but the bullet weight must be not less than 50 grains, the muzzle velocity not less than 2,450 feet per second and the muzzle energy not less than 1,000 foot-pounds. In practical terms, this means a calibre of .222 or greater, rather than the .240 or greater for shooting Roe deer required in England and Wales. For deer in Scotland other than Roe, bullets of not less than 100 grains, and a muzzle velocity of not less than 2,450 feet per second and a muzzle energy of not less than 1,750 foot-pounds are all required. The 1985 Order also allows the use of a shot gun in certain limited circumstances, but for land management reasons only, and must be of not less than 12 bore gauge. Closed seasons are also different in Scotland (see Chapter 13). Otherwise the general comments on deer stalking above apply. 101 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Overseas use 12.35 Individuals going overseas may wish to hunt animals not found in this