Head of the Geographical Crime and the Force Lead for Stalking and Harassment are responsible for this policy. All queries relating to the policy and procedure should be directed to the Force Lead for Stalking and Harassment. Table of Contents PROCEDURE ÒWiltshire Police will take all reports of Stalking and Harassment extremely seriously. We will recognise that any incident, regardless of severity in isolation, can be catastrophic when added to a catalogue of other seemingly insignificant incidents. Victims will be believed and protected whilst offenders will be brought to justice.Ó Procedure Overview This document explains how Wiltshire Police will respond to crime and non-crime incidents where it is believed that Stalking and Harassment may be a factor. It will enable an effective response encompassing national guidance and best practice. Wiltshire Police will respond to all allegations of Stalking and Harassment and will ensure each case is subject to a full risk management plan. These procedures do not include investigative processes that should be considered as part of every criminal investigation with regard to the obtaining, examining, and securing of evidence, but provides a structure for considerations that are specific to dealing with incidents involving Stalking and Harassment. Statutory obligations must still be adhered to. 1. INTRODUCTION Stalking in not defined in law. However, the 2018 Joint Police/CPS Protocol defines stalking as: ÒA pattern of unwanted, persistent pursuit and intrusive behaviour directed by one person to another, that engenders fear and distress in the victim and is characterised by an obsessive fixation with the victimÓ. There is no single motivation of offenders for stalking or harassment. It is a diverse and often complex field that sometimes leads to circumstances where the perpetrators pose a real threat of harm to victim. In the majority of stalking or harassment cases there will be some connection between the victim and the suspect, even if the victim is consciously unaware of who the suspect is (e.g. they have met before in passing). It is important that whenever a case of stalking or harassment falls within the definition of domestic violence, this definition is applied, and the appropriate guidance followed. Within the contexts of stalking or harassment described above, there will be different motivations for the behaviour. These can include revenge, retribution, loneliness, resentment, a desire for reconciliation, response to a perceived insult or humiliation or a want/need for control. In some cases the motivation will be the delusional belief that an individual is in love with the person harassing them. Stalking can terrify victims and cases can escalate to rape and murder. It is often misinterpreted and misunderstood to be romantic and complimentary to its victims, but stalking is about fixation and obsession. Stalking is a serious crime and can destroy the lives of those victimised; it therefore needs to be treated with the seriousness that it deserves in order to better protect victims and address perpetrators behaviour. As stated, Stalking is not legally defined, but can be understood to be characterised by an obsession