changes will require legislation. Government will: • Work with the regulator to establish a proactive consumer regulation regime with active oversight of landlord performance, whilst maintaining the principle of co-regulation. This will include: • Introducing routine inspections for the largest landlords (with over 1,000 homes) with the aim of doing so every four years, to obtain assurance from landlords that they are complying with the consumer standards; • Specific, reactive inspections and/or investigations where systemic issues of concern are brought to the regulator by tenants or their representatives, the Housing Ombudsman or others; • Published findings from these investigations and inspections where a landlord is found non-compliant with the regulatorÕs standards. • Legislate to remove the Ôserious detriment testÕ as soon as Parliamentary time allows, to eliminate barriers to the regulator adopting a proactive approach to monitoring and oversight of landlord performance on consumer issues. • Change the regulatorÕs objectives to explicitly cover safety and transparency, and expect the regulator to review its consumer standards to ensure they are up to date and deliver its revised objectives. • Legislate to give the regulator a power to publish a code of practice on the consumer standards to be clearer on what landlords are required to deliver. • Expect the regulator to bring in a set of tenant satisfaction measures for all landlords on the things that matter to tenants, and expect landlords to report to every tenant on such matters at least once a year, if not continuously using technology. • Legislate to place an obligation on landlords to identify and publicise a senior named person in their organisation who is responsible for ensuring compliance with their health and safety obligations. • Expect the regulator to require landlords to identify a Ôresponsible personÕ for consumer standards compliance, as part of a wider requirement to provide greater clarity on the roles and responsibilities of senior staff. • Introduce a new access to information scheme for social housing tenants of housing associations and other private registered providers of social housing so that information relating to landlords is easily accessible to tenants. • 74 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper • Expect the regulator to require landlords to evidence how they have sought out and considered ways to improve engagement with tenants. • Legislate to strengthen the regulatorÕs enforcement powers to tackle failing landlords and to respond to new challenges, including: • Giving the regulator the power to require a Performance Improvement Plan; • Reducing the notice period to survey homes; • Giving the regulator the power to arrange emergency repair work and recoup costs from the landlord where, following a survey, there is evidence of systemic landlord failure and other regulatory measures have not worked; • Removing the requirement to ask the Secretary of StateÕs approval to use its own staff to carry out inspections; and • Removing the cap on the level of fines the regulator may charge. • Ensure that local authorities are held to account