means authorisation given for the purposes of that section in relation to all prisons or prisons of a specified description, by prison rules or by the Secretary of State; and in relation to a particular prisonÑ • by the Secretary of State; • by the governor or director of the prison; • • by a person working at the prison who is authorised by the governor or director to grant authorisation on his behalf. 6. The Prisons Rules 1999 provide for powers of confiscation of unauthorised articles: Ô43(5) The governor may confiscate any unauthorised article found in the possession of a prisoner after his reception into prison, or concealed or deposited anywhere within a prison.Õ. 7. Detection technology and cell and prisoner searches are currently used to identify and seize phones in prison. However, many of the phones in question are not found resulting in few prosecutions and relatively few confiscations. 8. Although communications providers may be able to disconnect the phones in question in accordance with the terms and conditions attached to usage, this is not certain. Consequently, the Government considers it necessary to make bespoke provision via regulations where a court can order the communications provider to disconnect the phone. 9. The Government considers that it is appropriate to put the detail pertaining to this measure into regulations, since some of it will necessarily be technical in nature. As technology evolves, and new equipment becomes available, it may for instance be necessary to update the detection to disconnection process. Technology has a limited lifespan and therefore, by including technical details about the process in regulations as opposed to on the face of the Bill, we are better placed to amend if required. Further, given that technology changes rapidly and that therefore it may be necessary to modify the provisions accordingly, it is more practicable to do this via secondary legislation. That said, whilst the scheme is to be set out in secondary legislation, the purpose of the scheme, namely to confer a power on the civil courts to require communication providers to take specified action to prevent or restrict the use of mobile phones by prisoners, is clearly set out on the face of the new clause (subsections (1) and (2)). Moreover, the new clause requires that any regulations must include certain core elements of the scheme (subsection (3)), including key safeguards in respect of rights to make representations and provision about appeals. Subsection (4) sets out matters about which the regulations may make provision. 10. Given that the scheme itself is to be set out in secondary legislation, and in order to ensure that the rights of those affected are fully considered, the Government considers that it is appropriate for the regulations to be subject to the affirmative procedure thereby ensuring that the details of the scheme must be debated and approved by both Houses (or, in Scotland, by the Scottish Parliament). Home Office 8 January 2015 24/03/2025 Social needs and media considerations https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/disaster-victim-identification/social-needs-and- media-considerations Page Social