restricted area; (c) the owner or occupier of land within the restricted area. (5) The requirement to notify the owner or occupier of land within the restricted areaÑ (a) does not apply to land that is owned or occupied by the local authority; (b) applies only if, and to the extent that, it is reasonably practicable to notify the owner or occupier of the land.] (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 51 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 73 Guidance (1) The Secretary of State may issueÑ (a) guidance to local authorities about the exercise of their functions under this Chapter and those of persons authorised by local authorities under section 63 or 68; (b) guidance to chief officers of police about the exercise, by officers under their direction or control, of those officers' functions under this Part. (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published. 74 Interpretation of Chapter 2 (1) In this ChapterÑ [F49Ò16 to 19 AcademyÓ has the meaning given by section 1B of the Academies Act 2010;] ÒalcoholÓ has the meaning given by section 191 of the Licensing Act 2003; Òcommunity representativeÓ, in relation to a public spaces protection order that a local authority proposes to make or has made, means any individual or body appearing to the authority to represent the views of people who live in, work in or visit the restricted area; [F49Òexpedited orderÓ has the meaning given by section 59A(1);] Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council for an area for which there is no district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London (in its capacity as a local authority) or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council; [F49ÒLocal Health BoardÓ means a Local Health Board established under section 11 of the National Health Service (Wales) Act 2006;] [F49ÒNHS bodyÓ has the meaning given in section 275 of the National Health Service Act 2006;] Òpublic placeÓ means any place to which the public or any section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission; [F50Òrestricted areaÓÑ 52 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð