(a) that it was reasonable for the returning officer concerned to render the services or incur the expenses, and (b) that the charges in question are reasonable. (6) The amount of any charges recoverable in accordance with this section is to be paid by the [F37Secretary of State] on an account being submitted to the [F37Secretary of State]. (7) But the [F37Secretary of State] may, before payment, apply for the account to be taxed under section 56. (8) Where the superannuation contributions required to be paid by a local authority in respect of any person are increased by any fee paid under this section as part of a returning officer's charges at an election of a police and crime commissioner, then on an account being submitted to the [F37Secretary of State] a sum equal to the increase must be paid to the authority by the [F37Secretary of State]. (9) On the request of a returning officer for an advance on account of the officer's charges, the [F37Secretary of State] may make such an advance on such terms as the [F37Secretary of State] thinks fit. (10) The [F37Secretary of State] may by regulations make provision as toÑ (a) the time when, and (b) the manner and form in which, accounts are to be rendered to the [F37Secretary of State] for the purposes of the payment of a returning officer's charges. (11) Any sums required by the [F37Secretary of State] for making payments under this section are to be charged on, and paid out of, the Consolidated Fund. (12) In this sectionÑ Òlocal authorityÓ has the same meaning as in section 54; Òlocal returning officerÓ has the same meaning as in that section; F38... Òreturning officerÓ meansÑ (a) a police area returning officer, or (b) a local returning officer on whom functions are conferred under subsection (2) of [F39section 54]; ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in, or determined in accordance with, an order under subsection (1). Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 53 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 56 Taxation of returning officer's account (1) Any application under section 55(7) for a returning officer's account to be taxed is to be made to the county court. (2) On any such application the court has jurisdictionÑ (a) to tax the accountÑ (i) in such manner, and (ii) at such time and place, as the court thinks fit, and (b) finally to determine the amount payable to the returning officer. (3) On any such application the returning officer may apply to the court to examine any claim made by any person against the officer in respect of matters charged in the account. (4) Where an application is made in respect of a claim under