2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 245 [F945Response to recommendation 28B (1) A person to whom a recommendation under paragraph 28A is made must provide to the [F632Director General] a response in writing stating— what action the person has taken or proposes to take in response to the recommendation, or why the person has not taken, or does not propose to take, any action in response. The person must provide the response to the [F632Director General] before the end of the period of 56 days beginning with the day on which the recommendation was made, unless sub-paragraph (3) applies. The [F632Director General] may extend the period of 56 days following an application received before the end of the period; and if the [F632Director General] grants an extension, the person must provide the response before the end of the extended period. But if proceedings for judicial review of the [F666Director General's] decision to make a recommendation are started during the period allowed by sub-paragraph (2) or (3), that period is extended by however many days the proceedings are in progress. On receiving a response, the [F632Director General] must, within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the [F632Director General] received it— publish the response, and send a copy of it to any person who was sent a copy of the recommendation under paragraph 28A(6)(b), 246 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes unless the person giving the response has made representations under sub- paragraph (6). The person giving the response may, at the time of providing it to the [F632Director General], make representations to the [F632Director General] asserting that the requirements of publication and disclosure under sub-paragraph (5) should not apply to the response, or to particular parts of it. On receiving such representations, the [F632Director General] may decide— that the response should not be published, or that only parts of it should be published; that the response should not be disclosed, or that only parts of the response should be disclosed. Where, following a decision on representations, the [F632Director General] decides to publish or disclose a response (in whole or in part), [F638the Director General] must do so only after the person giving the response has been informed of the [F666Director General's] decision, and— in a case where the [F632Director General]