Victims Contact Scheme is offered, the National Probation Service will also offer victims access to the scheme where the offender is sentenced to 12 months or more in prison (or detained in a hospital for treatment under the Mental Health Act 1983 with or without a restriction order) for: ? Causing Death by Careless or Inconsiderate Driving (Road Traffic Act 1988); ? Causing Serious Injury by Dangerous Driving (Road Traffic Act 1988); or ? Controlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or family relationship (Serious Crime Act 2015). Victims of offenders who are under 18 years old 11.5 If the offender in your case is under the age of 18 and you are not eligible for the Victims Contact Scheme, the Youth Offending Team may contact you directly. This is in cases where a young offender is sentenced to less than 12 months in custody, 12 months or more for a non-sexual or non-violent offence or a community-based order. A community-based order puts conditions on an offender serving a sentence in the community rather than prison. 11.6 The Youth Offending Team may seek your views prior to sentencing and explore whether you want to get involved in any Restorative Justice initiatives (see Right 3), where appropriate and available. 11.7 You have the Right to receive the following information from the Youth Offending Team: ? information about the progress of the offenderÕs case upon request; and ? information on appropriate services that support victims if you ask for additional support. The Parole Board 11.8 The Parole Board46 must: ? consider all representations that victims have made about licence conditions; where a victim has requested a licence condition which has not been included, or has been amended, and provide an explanation for this non-inclusion or amendment; ? read a Victim Personal Statement if one is submitted; ? consider any application by the victim to be permitted to attend the hearing and read their Victim Personal Statement or have it read by someone else on their behalf; ? unless there is a good reason for not doing so, agree to the statement being read at the hearing by the victim or someone else on their behalf; and ? provide a summary of the parole decision upon application, unless there is a good reason for not doing so.47 46 The majority of prisoners are released automatically without any involvement from the Parole Board. The main categories of prisoner the Parole Board is responsible for considering the suitability for release of are: a), extended determinate sentence prisoners who can be released on licence after having served a specified part of their sentence in custody, b) indeterminate sentence prisoners such as those serving a life sentence or Imprisonment for Public Protection, and c) standard determinate sentence prisoners who have been recalled to custody after having breached their licence conditions. 47 For example, where it might put someone Ð the offender, victim or other person, at risk. 1 The Parole Board and Victim Personal Statements When can