Policy Idea Reforms must be conducted at the provincial and district levels to implement cultural changes, change training curriculums, and complaint processes. These reforms should include: Revising police recruitment to emphasize community service and de-emphasize militaristic culture, while reforming the training curriculum to allocate at least half of instruction to de-escalation, conflict resolution, human rights, investigative standards, and community engagement. Create opportunities at home and abroad for current officers to be retrained and gain advanced skills in areas like policing, forensics, and criminology to overcome established norms in police leadership and incentivize policing reform at lower levels. Creating transparent independent civilian oversight boards (COBs) at the district level with broad investigative and disciplinary powers. Creating a publicly accessible national database of police officers, including all investigated complaints against them. Policy Analysis The thana culture in Pakistani policing significantly shapes public perceptions of the government and undermines trust in the justice system. Addressing this culture is key to rebuilding trust, starting with recruitment and initial training as well as additional training opportunities for junior officers. Recruits trained in a more academic, non-stress environment perform better in the field, report higher job satisfaction, and improve public satisfaction.18,19 In contrast, stress-based training creates defensive, impersonal officers, reinforcing problematic and entrenched cultural norms.17,18,20 Some police departments in the US have used similar frameworks to build trust and create community programs such as ‘Ceasefire,’ which resulted in a 37% reduction in homicides in Oakland, CA.21 Recruitment strategies and advertisements also influence the type of candidates who apply, shaping their motivations and expectations for the profession.22,23 COBs provide numerous benefits to improve policing, such as helping complainants feel heard, holding police departments accountable, creating means for mediation, increasing transparency, and educating the public on police work.24,25 However, they can be expensive, depending on the size and expertise of the staff, and localities must have the flexibility to consider cost as they form COBs. Trust and effectiveness of COBs vary and often are seen as inconsistent when they lack authority, access, or transparency in their processes and rulings. Government leadership should preserve these elements, regardless of cost to preserve their effectiveness.25,26,27 A national database of officers would help increase accountability, improve tracking of abuse data, and highlight regions’ highest complaints and abuse rates. Making this information fully public comes from the necessity of building trust in an institution that is seen as untrustworthy.1 Pakistan mobile application. “Pakistan Citizen’s Portal” (PCP), centralizes complaints by citizens, but has only 1.7% participation.28 While the data collected tracks the number of complaints for a broad range of government and private actors, there is no focus on tracking individual police officers and departments. Tracking this data may help hold police accountable and improve citizen awareness.29 Highlights Despite the Police Order of 2002, reform efforts in Pakistan's police force have been hindered by poor implementation. A legacy of colonial practices, combined with modern security challenges, has fueled corruption, abuse, and violence, leading to deep mistrust and fear among the public. Overhauling training and