sub-paragraph (2)(a) after “for” insert “ sexual entertainment venues, ”, in sub-paragraph (2)(b) after “of” insert “ sexual entertainment venues, ”, and in sub-paragraph (3) for paragraph (d) (as originally enacted) substitute— “(d) any change from one kind of sex establishment mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(a) above to another kind of sex establishment so mentioned.” In paragraph 19 (fees in relation to applications) after “grant,” insert “ variation, ”. After paragraph 25 (powers of constables and local authority officers) insert— “25A A person acting under the authority of a warrant under paragraph 25(4) may seize and remove anything found on the premises concerned that the person reasonably believes could be forfeited under sub-paragraph (4). 26 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The person who, immediately before the seizure, had custody or control of anything seized under sub-paragraph (1) may request any authorised officer of a local authority who seized it to provide a record of what was seized. The authorised officer must provide the record within a reasonable time of the request being made. The court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence under paragraph 20 or 23 of this Schedule may order anything— produced to the court; and shown to the satisfaction of the court to relate to the offence; to be forfeited and dealt with in such manner as the court may order. But the court may not order the forfeiture of anything under sub-paragraph (4) if it (whether alone or taken together with other things being forfeited which appear to the court to have been in the custody or control of the same person) is worth more than the amount of the maximum fine specified in paragraph 22(1). Sub-paragraph (7) applies if a person claiming to be the owner of, or otherwise interested in, anything that may be forfeited applies to be heard by the court. The court may not order the forfeiture unless the person has had an opportunity to show why the order should not be made.” After paragraph 27(10) (appeals) insert— “(10A) Sub-paragraph (10) does not apply if the grounds for refusing an application for the renewal of a licence are those set out in paragraph 12(3)(c) or (d) of this Schedule.” After paragraph 27 (appeals) insert— 27A “Premises which are deemed sexual entertainment venues This paragraph applies if— premises are subject to a licence for a sexual entertainment venue; and their use would be use as such a venue but for the operation of paragraph