juror costs. • - -------- _J Legal Aid costs: We assume 100% eligibility for cases in the ¥ There is a risk that variance in the Crown Court. Legal Aid eligibility rate assumed for The average legal aid cost for Category A cases in the magistrates' courts _(f:iomicide and related:,irave_o_ff_e_n_ce_s_,)'--i_n_t_h_e , ...cw o u ld im p a ct t h e_c o s ti nyg s . _ Assumption Crown Court was assumed- around £52,600 (based on Crime Higher Report, Legal Aid Agency). We use an average cost including all offence types from the dataset that includes both standard and non-standard fees to estimate the cost to the Legal Aid Agency. -áá-áá--- Risks/Limitations • Assuming 100% eligibility for Legal Aid in the Crown court carries several risks. Firstly, an individual may refuse Iegal aid. Secondly, an individual may contribute to legal aid costs. Lastly, the size of this contribution can vary. This could mean that the costings provided are a slight overestimate.- • There is a risk that the cost could be higher for specific new offences where Legal Aid is paid under the more expensive non standard fee scheme. • There is as ubstantial risk that the LA costs are an underestimate, given the erass jurisdiction aspects I of the cases and their relative complexity. Prison costs: We assume that for life sentences a tariff of 12 years is served. The average cost per prison place is £28,000. Source: NOMS management accounts addendum (2012/13), MoJ Annual tables - Offender management caseload statistics 2012 tables, Table A3.5 Probation costs: We typically assume that an offender given a custodial sentence of 12 months or more will serve half of their sentence in custody and the other half on post-release licence. However, with the assumption that the custodial sentence will be life imprisonment with a tariff of 12 years, we assume the post- release licence_ will be another 12 years. • We also assume that independent probationary sentences consist of community orders and suspended sentence orders. Costs for probation and community .sentences are approximately £2,600 per year in 2012/13 prices. The probation costs are based on national costs for community order/ suspended sentence order, found at NOMS, Probation • The cost of additional prison places is also dependent on the existing prison population, as if-there is. spare capacity in terms of prison places then the marginal cost of accommoda ting more offenders will be low dueto existing large fixed costs and low variable costs. Conversely, if the current prison population is running at or over capacity then marginal costs may be significantly higher as contingency measures will have to be found. • Costs represent the national average fully apportioned cost based on delivery by 35 Probation Trusts in 2012/13. • Unit costs are calculated from the total fully apportioned cost of relevant services divided by starts in that year and do not consider which elements of cost are fixed and which will vaiy based on service volumes. Majar changes to the