you have not done anything wrong, but you must cease any further research and draw this to the attention of a supervisor who may authorise your continued use providing it is for a Law Enforcement Purpose or ask for another officer or colleague to conduct the research. You should also make a record of this request, and the decision made by your supervisor. • • It is accepted that Local Crime Investigators may take an initial look at custody records relating to their assigned area at the start of their shift. This is in order to ascertain what work may be allocated to them and to assist them in organising workload priorities. Accessing custody records beyond the minimum to ascertain allocation (unless that record has been allocated to that LCI) is not permitted without prior approval from a supervisor who will make a record of that approval detailing why it is appropriate for the LCI to continue. The LCI should also make a record of this request, and the decision made by the supervisor. • If you are a Reporting Person or Victim accessing any record on a force system (e.g. PNC, Niche RMS, Storm, FDS etc.) containing information relating to that report or incident is not permitted. If you inadvertently access information regarding or relating to that report or incident you must cease any further research, make a record of what has occurred and inform your supervisor immediately. • Where you are a Reporting Person or Victim and a witness statement is required, it should be obtained by Investigating Officers. If you create a self-written statement it should be submitted to the Investigating Officer. Under no circumstances should you attach a statement, exhibit or any other document to the investigation. • Where supervisors are approached to authorise a search of a Data System, the supervisor must make a considered decision as to whether it is appropriate for the staff member to continue with their enquiry. If necessary they should seek advice from CCU or PSD. A record must be made of the decision taken by the supervisor and the member of staff. • If you are asked to search any confidential system on behalf of someone else you need to make a record of the request. This is to ensure that you can respond adequately to any later question regarding the justification for the search. All records of requests should be made in a Pocket Note Book (PNB), or some other suitable auditable system, so that if necessary it can be produced at a later date. See Pocket Notebooks and Other Notebooks Procedure. 22.2 E-Mail/Messaging Security and Secure Internet Access E-mail and the Internet are provided to you as a means of improving your communications, knowledge and effectiveness at work. Wiltshire Police/OPCC e-mail and Internet facilities are intended for business use, although limited personal use may be permitted, subject to approval by your line manager. Regardless, all usage of e-mail and Internet facilities is treated as the property of