But preventing terrorism will mean challenging extremist (and non-violent) ideas that are also part of a terrorist ideology, including instances of unclear, mixed or unstable ideology. Prevent also facilitates interventions to stop people moving from extremist activity to terrorist-related activity. The Counter- Extremism Strategy defines extremism as Ôthe vocal or active opposition to our fundamental values, including democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty, and respect and tolerance for different faiths and beliefs. We also regard calls for the death of members of our armed forces as extremist. Wiltshire police have a clear legal responsibility to fulfil the prevent duty statement and protect its staff from material and ideologies that delivered without context or explanation could be viewed by a person and started on the path to radicalisation. When any member of staff is spoken to in a professional development manner, Wiltshire Police will demonstrate that the speaker influence will not be of a radicalising nature. Wiltshire police will offer context to all training where extremist narratives are delivered so to ensure that any narrative is balanced. They will offer support and guidance to all staff to help build resilience to any form of radicalisation. Wiltshire Police will ensure that their staff are sufficiently trained to spot the signs of a person who might be vulnerable to radicalisation whether that person is an employee of the Police Service or a person who the police come into contact with. Wiltshire Police along with colleagues from Counter Terrorism Policing will work to support any member of staff who raises a concern around a personÕs vulnerability to radicalisation. POLICY AIM Wiltshire Police is committed to: 1) Creating a safe and secure environment for all its staff, officers, apprentices, learners and volunteers. 2) Identifying, eliminating and managing any risks to health, safety and wellbeing of individuals in any of its activities. 3) Identifying a ÔSafeguarding LeadÕ who has the responsibility for overseeing the implementation of the policy. APPLICABILITY All police staff, officers, apprentices and learners, including the extended police family and those working voluntarily or under contract to Wiltshire Police must be aware of, and are required to comply with, all relevant policy and associated procedures. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE PREVENT Duty Guidance Counter Terrorism and Security Act 2015 Sex Offences Act 2003 Education Act 2002 section 175 Safeguarding Children and Safer Recruitment in Education 2011 Equality Act 2010 Children Act 1989 Children Act 2004 Working Together 2018 Care Act- Safeguarding Vulnerable Adults 2014 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Health and Safety Policy Code of Ethics Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure Prevent Policy Public Protection and Safeguarding Policies Training and Probationary Procedural Guidance for Student Officers AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE There are no associated Authorised Professional Practice areas at present. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION