Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW Monitoring the effectiveness of the procedure will be undertaken in conjunction with the People Services Centre to establish the type of queries that arise. The procedure will be reviewed by People Services. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE HR are responsible for this procedure. All queries should be via the People Services Centre. ANNUAL LEAVE ENTITLEMENT The annual leave period runs from 1 April each year to the 31 March of the following year. Due to varying working patterns, ease of calculation and to maintain a fair and consistent application, all leave entitlements will be calculated in hours, rounded up to the nearest minute. POLICE STAFF AND OPCC STAFF Annual leave entitlement increases with continuous service as below: Length of Service Leave Entitlement On appointment 185 hrs (25 days) Completion of 5 years continuous service 222 hrs (30 days) Completion of 20 years continuous service 237 hrs (32 days) Where your continuous service reaches one of the above milestones part way through the year, the increase in leave entitlement will be calculated pro rata for that year. POLICE OFFICERS Every member of the police force holding a rank below that of superintendent shall be granted leave in each leave year as detailed below: Length of Service Leave Entitlement Less than 2 yearsÕ service 176 hrs (22 days) 2 or more yearsÕ continuous service 200 hrs (25 days) 10 or more yearsÕ continuous service 216 hrs (27 days) 15 or more yearsÕ continuous service 224 hrs (28 days) 20 or more yearsÕ continuous service 240 hrs (30 days) Every member of the police force of or above the rank of superintendent shall be granted each leave year the following period of annual leave: Leave Entitlement Superintendent 248 hrs (31 days) Higher than that of Superintendent who has not completed 10 yearsÕ relevant service 336 hrs (42 days) In any other case 384 hrs (48 days) PRINCIPLES • The Global Rostering System (GRS) will be the authoritative data source for all leave. No other leave record will be recognised by the Force for leave purposes. • The standard working day for police staff is 7 hours 24 minutes. The standard working day for police officers is 8 hours. The hourly leave total is allocated on that basis. • Leave entitlements are calculated on a pro rata basis for part time staff and officers. • On joining, annual leave entitlement for that current leave year will be calculated at a daily rate. • Officers and staff have a personal responsibility to plan and take all their leave within the leave year in consultation with their line manager. • • A 2 week period will include any ROSTERED rest days at the start, during or at the end of the annual leave. Officers and Staff should be aware that some requests for leave may not be approved, either for operational / organisational reasons