authorities for the purposes of the provisions of that Act, including those relating to secure tenancies), the words Òthe Metropolitan Police AuthorityÓ shall be omitted. (2) In paragraph 12(2)(g) of Schedule 1 to the Housing Act 1988 (c. 50) (local authority tenancies that cannot be assured tenancies), the words Òand the Metropolitan Police AuthorityÓ shall be omitted. (3) Nothing in subsection (1) or in any repeal made by this Act for the purposes of that subsection shall affectÑ (a) the operation of Part 5 of the Housing Act 1985 (c. 68) (the right to buy) in relation to any case in which a person who had acquired a right to buy under that Part before the day on which this Act is passed eitherÑ (i) had served a notice under section 122 of that Act (tenantÕs notice claiming right to buy) on the Metropolitan Police Authority before that day; or (ii) serves such a notice on that Authority in the period of three months beginning with that day; or (b) the extent to which, in any other case, any period falling before the day on which this Act is passed falls at any subsequent time to be treated as a period qualifying under any of the provisions of Schedule 4 to that Act. (4) A tenancy which becomes an assured tenancy by virtue of this section shall be an assured shorthold tenancy unless (whenever it was entered into) itÑ (a) falls within any of paragraphs 1 to 3 of Schedule 2A to the Housing Act 1988 (c. 50); or (b) was an assured tenancy, but not an assured shorthold tenancy, immediately before it became a secure tenancy. 101 Provision of goods and services by police authorities For section 18 of the 1996 Act (supply of goods and services) there shall be substitutedÑ Ò18 Supply of goods and services (1) Subsections (1) to (3) of section 1 of the Local Authorities (Goods and Services) Act 1970 (c. 39) (supply of goods and services by local authorities)Ñ (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 143 (a) shall apply, with the modification set out in subsection (2), to a police authority established under section 3 of this Act and to the Metropolitan Police Authority as they apply to a local authority; and (b) shall also apply with that modification in their application to the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as the police authority for the City of London police force. (2) The modification is