of action plans etc., the Human Resources Department will need to be consulted to determine whether the circumstances warrant a recommendation for dismissal. 11.2 If dismissal is a recommendation, a formal meeting should be arranged before the end of the probationary period. The probationer should be informed in writing by the line manager at least 2 working days in advance of the formal meeting and that a possible outcome is dismissal from Wiltshire ConstabularyÕs employment. The probationer will be 1.1 advised of the right to be accompanied by a friend, colleague or trade union representative. 11.3 At the formal meeting, the line manager will explain the severity of the issues of concern and should clarify that the problems have been identified and discussed with the probationer. The line manager will also provide any supporting information showing that the probationer has been given the opportunity to improve and support has been provided. 11.4 The staff member will also have the opportunity to explain and respond before a final decision is made. 11.5 If the decision is dismissal the member of staff will be notified in writing that their employment is terminated by due notice, within the probationary period. The reasons for the termination will be included. The staff member will be notified that they will have the right of appeal under Section 13 below. 11.6 Probationers may be dismissed at any stage during their probationary period for misconduct or gross misconduct. 12. Dismissal Ð Right of Appeal 12.1 A staff member on probation will have the right to appeal against the decision to dismiss him or her from Wiltshire ConstabularyÕs employment. The member of staff wishing to appeal against dismissal should submit in writing notice of appeal to the Head of Human Resources within five working days of receipt of the written notice of termination. The notice should include full reasons for the appeal. 12.2 The Human Resources Department will arrange the appeal hearing ensuring that a minimum of 2 working days notice of the date, time and location of the appeal hearing is given to the member of staff. 12.3 At the appeal hearing, the appeal panel will consider the evidence and will make a decision based on the following reasons: 12.31 Whether the disciplinary action was fair and reasonable in light of the information known to management at the time of the original hearing. 12.32 Whether the prescribed procedures were correctly and fairly implemented. 12.4 The Chair of the Appeal Hearing can make the following decision: 12.41 To dismiss the appeal and endorse the disciplinary action taken at the original hearing. 12.42 To uphold the appeal and re-instate the employee. 12. 5 There is no further right of appeal. The ChairÕs decision is final. The member of staff will be informed of the ChairÕs decision at the end of the actual appeal hearing and confirmed in writing to the member of staff within 5 working days of the ChairÕs decision being given. 12. 12.6 If a member of staff