these activities and attitudes vary across businesses in different sectors and of different sizes. A glossary which includes definitions of the different types of AI can be found in the Appendix at the end of this report. Survey fieldwork This report is based on data from a quantitative telephone survey comprising of 350 interviews conducted between January and February 2024 with UK businesses currently using or considering using AI in the following sectors: D,E,H: Electricity, Gas and Air Conditioning Supply; Water Supply; Sewerage, Waste Management and Remediation Activities; Transportation and Storage C: Manufacturing G: Wholesale and Retail Trade J: Information and Communication K: Financial and Insurance Activities M: Professional, Scientific and Technical Activities Q: Human Health and Social Work Activities 3. Methodology A quantitative survey was developed in collaboration with DSIT and refined during a pilot fieldwork phase (full details of the methodology are included in the accompanying technical report). Interviews lasted an average of 15 minutes and fieldwork was conducted using Computer Assisted Telephone Interviewing (CATI) between 10th January and 13th February 2024 (inclusive of the pilot fieldwork phase). The interviewing team asked to speak to the person responsible for cyber security within the organisation. Participants interviewed held a range of roles, often within the remit of IT or operations, such as: Head of IT, IT director / manager, Operations director / manager, Business development manager, and Office manager. Sectors of interest and interview targets This research sought to interview a total of 350 UK businesses, split equally among seven (grouped) sectors as shown in Table 3.1. The sectors were chosen by mapping SIC sectors where AI uptake is likely to be high, alongside Critical National Infrastructure sectors where the largest societal impacts from the exploitation of cyber security vulnerabilities are likely to exist. Table 3.1 Interview targets by sector Sector Target D, E, H: Electricity, Gas and Air Conditioning Supply; Water Supply; 50 Sewerage, Waste Management and Remediation Activities; Transportation and Storage C: Manufacturing 50 G: Wholesale and Retail Trade 50 J: Information and Communication 50 K: Financial and Insurance Activities 50 M: Professional, Scientific and Technical Activities 50 Q: Human Health and Social Work Activities 50 Sample The sample for the survey was sourced from Market Location, a commercial database of UK businesses. The survey sought to create a robust sample base of businesses that were adopting at least one AI technology as well as businesses that planned to adopt AI in the future to ensure robust findings could be drawn. It was not possible to know at the point of drawing sample whether or not businesses were in-scope for the survey, therefore it was necessary to screen for this with a question at the point of recruitment. Achieved interviews and response rate Profile of participating businesses A total of 350 interviews were achieved, split by size and sector in Table 3.2. Table 3.2 Profile of participating businesses Sector Micro Small Medium Large Total (1-9) (10- (50- (250+) 49) 249) D, E, H: Electricity, Gas and Air