combination unknown to anyone but themselves. 18.19 With regard to shared security, such as a firearm and a shot gun certificate holder sharing a cabinet, separate security provisions to prevent unauthorised access to firearms once within the cabinet or primary security measure should be made. Devices such as lockable high tensile steel cable are suitable for this purpose. 18.20 Under most circumstances, it is preferable that firearms should be secured within the occupied part of the structure. Separate, detached buildings, or those attached but having only external access, including outhouses and garages, should not be used unless the levels of security meet the standards set out in the Firearms Security Handbook. If used, these should also be protected by an intruder alarm linked to the household to BS EN 50131. 18.21 If the certificate holderÕs dwelling is a mobile home or static caravan, a different set of security concepts should be adopted. Details can be found in the Firearms Security Handbook. These are primarily concerned with the anchorage of the structure. That structureÕs capability to store items securely may require that an extra layer of security is needed to Òtarget hardenÓ the unit. It is unlikely that a gun room can be satisfactorily constructed within such a dwelling or unit of this type. 18.22 As with any other valuable articles, the security of firearms should be considered in layers: (i) Perimeter - the protection of the surroundings etc which are necessary for particular situations or risks. Exterior lighting, approaches overlooked etc; 160 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (ii) Shell - the protection of the surrounding structure (the building or part of a building) which contains the immediate or core layer for the firearms; (iii) Interior - which secures the firearms directly. 18.23 In most circumstances, the shell and interior layers are likely to be all that need to be addressed. However, conditions which affect either the ability of the outer structure to provide a defensive level commensurate with the particular risks, or any constraints upon the occupier, (for example crime level, property style or type of construction, constraints in tenanted property etc.) may require adjustments to either layer. 18.24 If the occupant can show that the house has been designed and built to the requirements of BS8220 (the ÒSecured by DesignÓ model, introduced in 1996) or has doors and windows to BS PAS 24 (2016) or the most up to date PAS standard, then those parts of the dwelling can be taken to have satisfactory security. The Secured by Design New Homes Guide is a source of reference. Other test standards for door and window sets exist such as LPS 1175 and STS 201. The broad levels of security 18.25 It may be helpful to think of security in terms of broad ÒlevelsÓ to be applied according to the circumstances of each case. These are not intended to be prescriptive, but rather to provide guidance on what might be considered proportionate in each case. Level 1 (below) would be considered