a criminal offence to possess such articles within a prison establishment. Instead the unauthorised possession of weapons by prisoners is currently dealt with internally through the prison adjudication system or, for staff, as part of internal disciplinary procedures. 76. The new legislation will ensure that there are adequate measures available to deal with such crimes with punishments proportionate to both the seriousness of the offence and comparable to that available in the community. It will allow longer sentences for more serious offences, provide a greater deterrent effect for prisoners, and allow stronger public confidence in the fairness of the justice system. It will also enable more serious weapon possession offences to be punished through the criminal justice system. Elements of offence 77. The conduct element of the offensive is satisfied if the person is in possession of an article which has a blade or is sharply pointed or other offensive weapon in prison without authorisation. The Prison Act 1952 (section 40E) enables authorisation to be given in certain circumstances when it is deemed necessary for persons in prison (including prisoners) to be in possession of a knife or other offensive weapon. Defence 78. It is a defence for the person to show that either he or she reasonably believed that he or she had authorisation to be in possession of the article in question, or 1. in all the circumstances there was an overriding public interest which justified his or her possession of the article. 79. Under section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006 (Òthe 2006 ActÓ), it is an offence to engage in any conduct in preparation for giving effect to an intention to commit, or assist another to commit, one or more acts of terrorism. Section 6 of the 2006 Act makes it an offence to provide or receive training for terrorism. The maximum penalty for these offences is life imprisonment for section 5 and, from 13 April 2015, life imprisonment for section 6.4 80. Section 17 of the 2006 Act provides for extra-territorial jurisdiction in respect of certain terrorism offences, allowing those offences to be tried in this country in respect of acts committed abroad. The relevant offences are: sections 1 (encouragement of terrorism), 6 (training for terrorism), 8 (attendance at a place used for terrorism training) and 9 to 11 (offences involving radioactive devices and materials and nuclear facilities) of the 2006 Act, and sections 11 (membership of proscribed organisations) and 54 (weapons training) of the Terrorism Act 2000. 4 Until 13 April 2015, the maximum penalty for training for terrorism under section 6 is 10 yearsÕ imprisonment. The change in maximum tariff was made by the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015, which received Royal Assent on 12 February 2015. 81. However, in the case of the section 1 and 6 offences, the extra-territoriality is limited in that it only applies insofar as those offences are committed in relation to the commission, preparation, or instigation of one or more ÒConvention offencesÓ. ÒConvention offencesÓ are those