guns (and .22 rim-fire rifles)) may be used to shoot certain pest species under the terms of a licence from either Natural England, Scottish National Heritage, or the Natural Resource Wales but is applicable to avian species only. Large magazine shot guns may be required to deal with serious pest problems with certain avian species such as wood pigeon or carrion crow. 12.21 Under schedule 6 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, certain species such as wild cats, pine martens, badgers and otters may not be shot with any automatic or semi-automatic firearm, or killed, or taken by other prohibited methods under section 11(2) of the 1981 Act. These species may be problematic under certain circumstances but may only be killed under licence (see also Chapter 13). It is acceptable for self-loading shot guns to be used for mammal pest species including rabbits and squirrels. Once Ògood reasonÓ is established for avian vermin control, 98 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law shot guns of this kind may be allowed for taking other small vermin (including mammals such as squirrels and rabbits). 12.22 ÔSpecially dangerousÕ air rifles in calibres from .177 to .25 operating at over 12 foot- pounds and therefore subject to certification are often used for vermin control and for the shooting of small game when an applicant wishes to use a firearm less powerful than the .22 rim-fire. The same conditions apply to air rifles as any other rifle authorised for quarry shooting. 12.23 Section 4 of the 1997 Act allows the possession, purchasing, acquiring, selling or transferring of shot pistols in calibres .410 and 9mm rim-fire, provided that such a pistol is subject to a condition that it is only for use in connection with the shooting of vermin (see Appendix 3 for the exact wording of the condition which covers these circumstances). This exemption was intended mainly for pest controllers who may need to use a firearm of this kind in farm buildings, farmyards and similar areas where use of a conventional shot gun would be inappropriate, for example, barns, fruit cages or near release pens. 12.24 Those involved in shooting vermin will normally be authorised to possess up to 750 rounds. However, larger allocations may be required in some circumstances, perhaps for individuals who are responsible for pest control over large areas of land or where there are serious infestations, for example of rabbits. In such cases, it may be appropriate to authorise the individual to possess up to 1,500 rounds. These amounts are only guides and should not be seen as absolute limits to be applied in all cases. An applicant who is responsible for a lot of pest control may reasonably want two rifles firing the same, or a closely allied cartridge. Chief officers of police will wish to be mindful that quarry species are mobile and applicants may not always be able to predict their presence on land on a consistent basis. Certificate conditions should therefore allow the applicant flexibility in dealing