this should immediately be reported to one of the below named designated Safeguarding Leads. All individuals within the learning environment have a personal and professional responsibility to ensure they understand safeguarding requirements and the processes to follow if they become aware of a safeguarding issue. Individuals will be treated sensitively and with dignity should a safeguarding incident/concern occur or an allegation of abuse be made. Wiltshire Police will treat such matters confidentially, notifying others on a Ôneed to know basisÕ under the direct guidance of the designated Safeguarding Lead. Whilst respecting individual confidentiality and GDPR regulations the Force must act and cannot guarantee confidentiality in all circumstances. Any individuals/organisations contacted will be done where it is believed to be in the best interests of the individual involved. All student learners and apprentices are reminded that they will abide by the Code of Ethics and conduct themselves accordingly whilst on and off duty. Wiltshire Police believe that:- • All learners have the right to learn in a safe, open and caring environment and that their welfare is paramount. • All learners have the right to expect staff and colleagues to listen to them. • All learners, regardless of any Protected Characteristic(s), have the right to equal protection from all types of harm or abuse and should be valued and respected as individuals. • Bullying in any form is strictly unacceptable and will not be tolerated. • Working in close partnership with learners and collaborative companies/ institutions is essential in promoting a safe learning environment. • Adopting robust safeguarding guidelines through procedures and a code of conduct for learners, staff and contractors is essential. • It is essential to share information about any concerns raised with appropriate agencies or support networks. • Working in conjunction with partners, Occupational Health and the ForceÕs Health and Wellbeing strategy is essential. • All learners to have a ready point of contact, referral or support. • All learners are expected to abide by the Code of Ethics This Policy should enable consistent and effective decision making. Where operational or managerial circumstances require any decision making that would adversely affect adherence to this policy, in line with the ÔStatement of IntentÕ of the Force and the police service ÔCode of EthicsÕ, if an officer/police staff member believes that they need to make a decision that steps outside of policy and procedure they should do so, if: • the officer/ police staff member raises the matter at the earliest opportunity (and ideally before any such decision is made) with their line manager declaring their intended (or actual) course of action if notification is made after the decision is taken, • produces, in a timely manner, a signed and dated written explanation of why it is/ was deemed necessary to step outside of policy and procedure, and • maintain an adequate record of this written rationale for audit purposes appropriate to the circumstances/ contravention • in the event that the officer/ police staff member feels unfairly treated they should