service provider on attendance at the test venue. The chosen quantity of officers will then be randomly selected from the list by the independent service provider representative. 9.2 Substance Misuse Testing Ð Ôwith causeÕ Wiltshire Police may request that an individual be tested if they have cause to suspect misuse of controlled drugs or alcohol. The requirement to take a test should be imposed by an officer of an appropriate senior rank. For ÔcauseÕ to be established, the test of reasonable suspicion must be satisfied. An officer is required to comply with such a request in accordance with police regulations. This requirement under Police Regulations does not apply to police staff however police staff are obliged to comply with all reasonable instructions and abide by all force policies in accordance with the Standards of Professional Behaviour. An individualÕs non-compliance with a request for a sample will be dealt with as per Appendix D paragraph 12 below. It must always be made clear to the individual being tested that testing may either prove or disprove intelligence or any allegations made. A single and unsubstantiated allegation would not normally amount to cause unless, for example, the circumstances of the allegation were particularly significant in their potential implications or potentially linked to other allegations. Circumstances may arise through a variety of sources where colleagues have grounds to believe that an individual is involved in illegal drug abuse. Where such grounds exist, information should be immediately reported to Professional Standards so that an assessment can be made of the circumstances. All such reports will be evaluated and the action taken will be proportionate to the standard of intelligence received or the evidence gained through further investigation. Where such information is received, risk assessments will be initiated by the Professional Standards point of contact and will involve, at the appropriate time all other relevant parties, for example line manager, relevant HR Officer and the Occupational Health Unit. The nature of the risk assessment will depend upon the individual concerned and the nature of their work within the force. The development of the intelligence will invariably result in a number of options being considered by the AA, Professional Standards Department. Table of Contents Where the intelligence is limited it may be necessary to meet with the individual concerned. In these circumstances a meeting will be arranged with the individual concerned, HR representative and a member of the Professional Standards (PSD or CCU). Such a meeting is designed to encourage self-referral prior to any escalation in the investigation process. Individuals may wish to seek advice from a Trade Union/Staff Association in these circumstances and are entitled to be accompanied at such meetings by a colleague, Trade Union official, representative of the Police Federation or member of a staff support group. Where the individual fails to comply with the above then a more formal approach will be adopted and consideration will be given to use of the relevant disciplinary/misconduct procedure. 9.3 With Cause Ð Extended An officer of