etc Act 1974. The National Rifle Association and National Small-Bore Rifle Association have a range inspection service. 17.17 The club criteria (see paragraph 17.6) and certificate conditions include a requirement for owners/operators of ranges to have in place adequate financial arrangements to meet any injury or damage claims. In most cases this will be insurance cover. However, other arrangements are acceptable so long as they provide adequate cover. For example, some local authority ranges deposit a bond to cover their risk. Military ranges, which are regularly inspected, will normally cover their own risk. 17.18 The level of cover will vary according to the nature of the range and the type of firearms used on it. As a guide, cover should normally be around £5 million for any one incident. 17.19 The National Small-bore Rifle Association (NSRA) and the National Rifle Association (NRA) have established their own inspection and approval scheme for the ranges run by their affiliated member clubs. 17.20 The NSRA and NRA have guidance available for their members on the safe construction of ranges. That guidance will be used by the organisations as the basis for their inspections and the issue of approvals. The NSRA and NRA have indicated that they are willing to make their inspection and approval service available to ranges not affiliated to either organisation. It is anticipated that most ranges will use the NSRA and NRA scheme. However, it is for each range owner/operator to decide what steps to take to ensure their range is safe. 17.21 Police forces will need to satisfy themselves that ranges used by a club are safe and have adequate insurance or other financial cover. In many cases clubs will have an old-style military safety certificate or a NSRA/NRA approval letter, and/or an insurance certificate. However, responsibility for safety on the range lies with the owner/operator. The MOD remains responsible for the safety of the range construction for ranges under its control. It is not intended that police forces should become experts in range construction or to have to inspect ranges. However, the NSRA/NRA guidance will be available to police forces to refer to where the need arises. 17.22 If a rifle or muzzle-loading pistol club seeking approval proposes to use a range situated on licensed premises, it is essential in view of the provisions of section 82 150 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law of the Licensing Act 2003 and the Licensing (Scotland) Act 2005, that the matter be considered by the licensing authority. The Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers will withhold approval until they are informed by the chief officer of police concerned that the licensing authority has no objections to the situation and to the use of the range in general. Security of club firearms 17.23 The clubÕs co-operation should be sought to ensure that the firearms and ammunition owned by the club are stored securely. The signatory of the club certificate (usually the club secretary) is ultimately responsible for the safekeeping of club firearms