official use. This will be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use. 4. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Force Information Security Policy Framework (ISPF) contains detailed information of the various role and responsibilities that are associated with the management of information security within the Force. 5. ACCEPTABLE USE OF ASSETS All IT devices to be used in connection with the Wiltshire Police/OPCC information must be formally configured and authorised by the ICT Department and approved by relevant information asset owners or line managers before use. Staff must follow the Agile Working and Mobile Computing Policy and must not use personally owned (e.g. bring your own devices) electronic devices to process the ForceÕs information or process force Information on non-police endorsed systems or software. All of the ICT equipment and software that you have been assigned remains the property of the Force/OPCC. You have an obligation to ensure that this equipment and software is safeguarded and only used as intended: a) You must not remove any ICT equipment from the ForceÕs premises without Line Managers approval; b) You must always take care of ICT equipment allocated for your use, and treat it as if it is your own; c) You must protect your ICT equipment against theft and unauthorised access; d) Where at all possible, you must not expose your IT equipment to any environmental hazard, such as extremes of temperature; e) You must not install any software or attempt to use any USB device that has not been authorised by the ICT Department. If you require any software or other devices for your work, you must consult your line manager and the ICT Department; f) You must not modify your IT equipment in any way; this includes any amendments to the hardware and software configuration; g) You must always report any IT problems to the ICT Service Desk. a) 6. USER IDENTIFICATION, ACCESS AND MONITORING You must only access and use the Police/OPCC IT network, systems and applications if you are authorised to do so. If you are granted access, it is so that you are able to perform your duties efficiently. You must remember that access has been granted for your sole use by means of a unique user account and password. This applies to the different user accounts that may be granted to you for access to the Police/OPCC network, information systems and applications. You must not give details of your user account and password to anyone, including your line manager; you must not share any user account allocated to you with anyone else. Wiltshire Police and OPCC (within its legal rights) is able to track the activities of each user via their user account, and identify exactly what they have accessed and what actions have been taken. If it is your user account that is logged as attempting an unauthorised or illegal action, you may be held responsible. It is in your interests to ensure that you safeguard your user account and password