clearly noted that with respect to substance screening, a request made under this policy for a police officer to provide a sample for analysis is a lawful order under the Police Regulations. Refusal to provide a sample for testing is a disciplinary offence and will result in formal investigation by the Professional Standards Department (PSD) or Counter Corruption Unit (CCU). Table of Contents For: • Police officers, it is a breach of Police Regulations (Regulations 10 and 19A); and • Police staff it is a breach of the general code of conduct, and therefore would be subject to the Police Staff Discipline Procedure. All staff should be clear of the consequences of: • refusing to provide a sample; or • failing to make themselves available so that a suitable sample can be obtained. The presumption of possession that would arise from a ÔpositiveÕ, medically confirmed test result should be, in the case of police officers and staff, treated as discreditable conduct. Such action could potentially result in dismissal from Wiltshire Police. 3.3 Primary Legislation: This policy is secondary to any primary legislation, e.g. the: • Road Traffic Act 1988; • Transport & Works Act 1992 • Railway and Transport Safety Act 2003; • Misuse of Drugs Act 1971; or any future legislation that governs policy or procedures relevant to substance misuse in the workplace. Neither does it undermine the obligations on managers to investigate suspected criminal or disciplinary misconduct. This document has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act. Proportionality has been identified as the key to Human Rights compliance, this means striking a fair balance between the rights of the individual and those of the rest of the community. There must be a reasonable relationship between the aim to be achieved and the means used. Equality and Diversity issues have also been considered to ensure compliance with the Equality Act 2010 and meet our legal obligation in relation to the equality duty. In addition, Data Protection, Freedom of Information and Health and Safety Issues have been considered. Adherence to this policy and procedure will therefore ensure compliance with all relevant legislation and internal policies. 4. Confidentiality Where an individual seeks help from the Occupational Health Unit (OHU), the wider Human Resources Department (HR), and/or a line manager. the matter is to be treated confidentially unless maintaining confidentiality could put the individual themselves, other colleagues or members of the public at risk. Any individual who decides whether or not to share such information is required to record their decision-making process and should record why information was or was not shared, how, when and to whom. In order to conduct a risk assessment as to whether or not to share information advice can be sought from PSD and HR. Wiltshire Police is committed to confidentiality in principle, though confidentiality would not be maintained if it could put the public at risk. Table of Contents 5. Aims and Objectives The aims of this policy are to: -