that the offence in section 24ZA does not apply to an antique air weapon held as a curiosity or ornament (see Chapter 8). A defence to the offence in section 24ZA is provided where a person can show he had reasonable grounds for believing the other person to be aged eighteen or over. 7.15 Under section 21A of the 1968 Act it is an offence for anyone of any age to have with him an air weapon and use it to fire beyond the boundary of the premises where they have permission to shoot. 7.16 The offence relating to adults (aged twenty-one years or over) supervising those under the age of eighteen is found in section 23(1). It is a defence under section 23(1A) for the supervisor to show that the only property into or across which the missiles were fired, were premises where the occupier of which had consented to the 53 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law firing of the missile (whether specifically or by general consent). See also Chapter 21. Air weapons in Scotland 7.17 Section 2 of the Air Weapons and Licensing (Scotland) Act 2015 makes it an offence for a person to use, possess, purchase or acquire an air weapon in Scotland without holding an air weapon certificate issued by Police Scotland. 7.18 Section 3 of the 2015 Act sets the minimum age to apply for an air weapon certificate at 14 years, and section 7 specifies mandatory conditions which must be attached to any certificate granted to a 14-17 year old. These mandatory conditions prohibit under-18s from purchasing, hiring, accepting a gift of or owning an air weapon and, additionally, limit their use of air weapons to certain activities such as target shooting or pest control on private land. 7.19 Section 24(2) of the 2015 Act makes it an offence to sell or transfer an air weapon to anyone who is not entitled to possess it either by holding a valid certificate, being a registered firearms dealer, or otherwise being exempt. If they hold an air weapon certificate then it must not bear a condition which would prevent the sale, eg the mandatory condition prohibiting purchase that is attached to all certificates granted to under-18s. Air weapons may also be sold to visitors to Scotland aged 18 and over, provided the weapon will be sent directly out of Great Britain or to a dealer in England or Wales for collection. 7.20 Schedule 1 of the 2015 Act sets out exemptions which permit the use of air weapons by under-14s in Scotland in certain situations, including on private land while being supervised by someone aged 21 or over who holds a valid air weapon certificate, or as a member of an approved air weapon club while being supervised by another club member aged 21 or over. 7.21 Section 30 of the 2015 Act makes it an offence for a person of any age to fail to take reasonable precautions for the safe custody of air weapons