registration provides for two identification numbers; the number of the entry in the register of dealers and the serial number of the certificate. The number of the entry in the register of dealers has been found useful for reference by both police and dealers and it is desirable that this number should be quoted in the certificate of registration in addition to the serial number of the certificate. 136 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Border Policing Command of the NCA 15.16 Under a Joint Agreement with the police, Border Policing Command of the National Crime Agency (NCA) has a role with the inland control of firearms dealers. This requires those concerned in whatever way with the import and export of firearms and other goods to produce for inspection, records and transaction documentation in order to counter and deter illicit imports and diverted exports. 15.17 Border Policing Command of the NCA conducts its own programme of inspections, which are carried out on a risk assessed basis. Forces and Border Policing Command are encouraged, in order to minimise interference with legal trade, to make joint visits where possible. 15.18 The benefits of close co-operation between firearms licensing departments and FXOs is that a clear and coherent approach to local firearm control and enforcement responsibilities can be formulated which will lead to avoidance of any apparent duplication of control effort and, through sharing of intelligence, early identification of suspect activity. Removal from register of dealerÕs name or place of business 15.19 It is undesirable to retain on the register a person who is no longer carrying on business as a firearms dealer in the police area. Having given reasonable notice, a chief officer of police shall remove a name from the register on this ground or because of danger to the public safety or to the peace. Where a name is removed from the register, the chief officer should write to the applicant setting out the grounds for this action. The chief officer may also remove a dealer from the register if the dealer is the subject of a court order under section 45(1) of the 1968 Act. However, the chief officer may not act in the matter during the period allowed for an appeal if the court has suspended the operation of the order pending the appeal (section 45(3) of the Act). 15.20 It follows that the chief officer of police will need to write twice to any firearms dealer who is to be removed from the register. The first letter will give reasonable notice (usually 21 days) of the chief officerÕs intention and allow time for the firearms dealer to make any representations; if the dealer is unsuccessful in this regard the chief officerÕs second letter will confirm that removal action has been effected. 15.21 A valid notice of appeal cannot be lodged with the Crown Court or Sheriff Court in Scotland until after the second letter has been issued, as it is the decision to remove from the register that