use and you have given your consent. ~ You must be given a copy of the information which tells the court about the evidence and why police want to keep you in custody. ~ You have a right to have a solicitor with you for the court hearing. ~ The police will only be allowed to keep you in custody if the court believes it is necessary and that the police are investigating your case carefully and without wasting time. • If the police have enough evidence to send you to court, you may be charged at the police station or by post, to appear at court to be tried. 11. Access to the evidence if your case goes to Court • If you are charged with an offence, you or your solicitor must be allowed to see the evidence against you as well as evidence which may help your defence. This must be done before your trial starts. The police and the Crown Prosecution Service must arrange this and provide access to the relevant documents and materials. • Other things to know about being at a police station How you should be treated and cared for These notes tell you about what you can expect while you are kept at the police station. To find out more, ask to see the Codes of Practice. They include a list of where to find more information about each of these things. Ask the police custody officer if you have any questions. People who need help • If you are under 18 or are vulnerable, for example if you have learning difficulties or mental health problems, then you have a right to have someone with you when the police do certain things. This person is called your Òappropriate adultÓ and they will be given a copy of this Notice. • Your appropriate adult will help you understand whatÕs happening and look after your interests. He or she must be with you when the police tell you about your rights and tell you why you are being kept at the police station. He or she must also be with you when the police read the police caution to you. • Your appropriate adult can also ask for a solicitor on your behalf. • You can speak to your solicitor without your appropriate adult in the room if you want to. • The police might also need to do one of the things listed below while you are at the police station. Unless there are special reasons, your appropriate adult must be with you for the whole time if the police do any of these things: ~ Interview you or ask you to sign a written statement or police notes. ~ Remove more than your outer clothes to search you. ~ Take your fingerprints, photograph or a DNA or other sample. ~ Carry out anything to do with a witness identification procedure. • Your appropriate adult should be given a chance to be available