is taken up by the actual movement away from the area of the fire. Throughout this time the fire may be growing and spreading. Therefore to account for the limited available time for people to travel to a place of reasonable safety, the length of escape routes needs to be restricted. The suggested travel distances in this section (Table 2 on page 68) take this restriction into account. The following guide can be used to determine the general capacities of escape routes: A width of at least 750mm can accommodate up to: • 80 people in higher risk premises; • 100 people in normal risk premises; or • 120 people in lower risk premises. A width of at least 1050mm can accommodate up to: • 160 people in higher risk premises; • 200 people in normal risk premises; or • 240 people in lower risk premises. An additional 75mm should be allowed for each additional 15 persons (or part of 15). Note: The minimum width of an escape route should not be less than 750mm (unless it is for use by less than five people in part of your premises) and, where wheelchair users are likely to use it, not less than 900mm. The aggregate width of all the escape routes should be not less than that required to accommodate the maximum numbers of people likely to use them. When calculating the overall available escape route capacity for premises that have more than one way out, you should normally assume that the widest is not available because it has been compromised by fire. If doors or other exits leading to escape routes are too close to one another you should consider whether the fire could affect both at the same time. If that is the case, it may be necessary to discount them both from your calculation. As a general rule stairways should be at least 1050mm wide and in any case not less than the width of the escape routes that lead to them. In all cases the aggregate capacity of the stairways should be sufficient for the number of people likely to have to use them in case of fire. Stairways wider than 2100mm should normally be devided into sections, each separated from the adjacent section by a handrail, so that each section measured between the handrails is not less than 1050mm wide. Travel distance Having established the number and location of people and the exit capacity required to evacuate them safely, you now need to confirm that the number and location of existing exits is adequate. This normally determined by the distance people have to travel to reach them. Table 2 gives guidance on travel distances. It should be understood, however, that these distances are flexible and may be increased or decreased depending upon the level of risk after you have put in place the appropriate fire-prevention measures (Part 1, Step 3.3). In new buildings which have been designed and constructed in accordance with modern building standards