crucial works by Peirano (1986, 2006a, 2006b, 2009) have long drawn attention to the fact that the possession of documents has the capaci- ty, in certain situations, to performatively make the citizen. For identification documents, according to the author, this capacity is largely derived from the redundancy between material elements found in them, such as the docu- mented persons' signature, 3X4 photo and fingerprint (cf. Peirano, 2006a, p. 36). The growing attention to the materiality of documents in ethnographic works has thus shed light on the fact that papers and forms, as well as photos, signatures, seals, stamps and other graphic artifacts4 regularly used in bu- reaucratic organizations, play a role both in controlling and coordinating procedures, agents and administrative ac- tions and in constructing subjectivities, affects, persons and relationships that extrapolate organizational universes. Thus, ethnographies that pay attention to these artifacts, and not only to what can be seen through them, have made clear that document production, circulation and archival must not be viewed as isomorphic to the organiza- tional structures in which they take place. They have also illuminated the socialities and entanglements that these processes produce, as well as the borders they are able, at times, to cross and, at others, to reaffirm. Following the trail established by these works and exploring the materiality of documents in a research on police reports of "missing persons"5 we are able to ascertain responsibilities, obligations and affects that are created by the production, circulation and archival of police reports and other papers brought together as inquiries within a sector of the Rio de Janeiro Civil Police. In this context, boundaries between what would be police responsibilities and what are considered attributions of "families of missing persons" are both produced and traversed by the pa- pers handled by police officers. Furthermore, in this context, documents covered by certain signatures and stamps function as conditions of possibility for establishing certain socialities, among which the one established between the researcher and her interlocutors. We will now present the reasons for, and analytical profitability of, our choice to "follow the paper" (Hull, 2012b, p.22) inscribing them within the broader context of these theoretical-methodological discussions. This choice is pre- sented for the two studies already discussed: the study in a Brazilian Federal Police precinct that sought to under- stand administrative practices and rationalities responsible for constructing and managing the crime of "human trafficking for sexual exploitation"; and the study carried out in a sector of the Rio de Janeiro Civil Police that sought to analyze how "missing person" cases are managed in Brazilian police units. Both ethnographies pay particular at- tention to the micro-politics of interactions between documenters and the documented subjects. The art of "reducing to writing": along and against the grain of a police inquiry As some authors have pointed out, we cannot mistake the inquiry for the police investigation (Misse, 2011; Vidal, 2013). The inquiry's main goal is to ascertain that a particular criminal action took place and to establish its author-