measures by further incentivizing or requiring gun safety practices with firearm purchases. Policy Idea The federal government will shift gun control to a semi- privatized system where all gun owners are required to insure their firearms, similar to requirements on car insurance or health insurance. Americans who currently own firearms are required to purchase firearm liability insurance, which would protect gun owners in the case of hunting or shooting accidents, lost or stolen firearms, and personal legal defense.5 However, the policy would include stronger requirements for aspiring gun owners looking to purchase their first firearm after a certain date. These requirements would include a mandatory 30-day waiting period between applying for gun insurance and being able to purchase the desired firearm and a mandatory gun safety course. Gun insurance wouldn’t replace the need for government gun control, but would supplement its current shortcomings. Policy Analysis Although gun insurance does not cover intentional shootings, insurers are more incentivized to determine an individual’s risk level when selling an insurance plan. Recently, New Jersey and San Jose, California have passed laws that require gun owners to purchase liability insurance. According to San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo, gun insurance with risk-adjusted premiums would promote safe gun ownership through gun safety classes, gun safes, and child locks.6 Risk- adjusted premiums could also prevent high-risk individuals from purchasing a firearm, as insurance companies could raise prices or refuse to cover individuals they deem risky.7 Since gun insurance is a relatively new policy, there is not much data on the effectiveness of these mandates. Instead, we can evaluate the specific safety measures that insurers would incentivize or require. For example, in response to a mass shooting in 1989, Canada introduced gun laws such as mandatory waiting periods for gun purchases and mandated safety training courses.8 As a result, Canada’s gun death rate began steadily decreasing throughout the 1990s, falling from 5.0 per 100,000 in 1989 to 3.3 per 100,000 in 1999, with the gun death rate estimate in Canada being 2.17 per 100,000 between 2016-2020. The US had a rate of 14.6 per 100,000 in 2021.9,10,1 Furthermore, a regression analysis on the effects of Canada’s Bill C-17, which required background checks, safety courses, and a 28-day waiting period showed that the passage of Bill C-17 was associated with a decrease in suicide and homicide rates in Canada, supplementing earlier gun regulations.11 The relationship between requiring waiting periods and safety courses and gun death rates suggests that implementing similar policies could reduce intentional gun deaths in the US. If gun insurance were mandated, aspiring and current firearm owners would be strongly incentivized or required to take individual measures to improve our gun death rates. Highlights In the US, the gun death rate is considerably higher than in most other developed nations (10.6 per 100,000 compared to 1-2 per 100,000).1 If gun insurance were mandated, aspiring and current firearm owners would be strongly incentivized or required to take individual measures to improve our gun death rates. The federal government