to explode on or immediately before impact, any ammunition containing or designed or adapted to contain any such noxious thing as is mentioned in (ix) above and, if capable of being used with a firearm of any description, any grenade, bomb or other like missile, or rocket or shell designed to explode as aforesaid (section 5(1)(c)); o Section 5(1)(c) includes cartridges containing explosive bullets and ammunition containing noxious substances such as CS. Explosive bullets are those containing an explosive charge, the purpose of which is to cause the bullet to explode on or immediately before impact with the target. Tracer bullets, which contain a chemical flaring compound designed so that the flight of the bullet can be seen, are not prohibited. Smoke canisters are not covered by this provision. xii) any firearm which is disguised as another object (section 5(1A)(a)); o Section 5(1A)(a) was introduced primarily to control walking stick shot guns, but covers any firearm disguised as something else, for example, a pen pistol. A disguised firearm can also be a small firearm for the purposes of section 5(1)(aba). A firearm with camouflage applied for legitimate use, for example, by gamekeepers or wildfowlers, is not considered to be a disguised firearm for the purposes of the Act. xiii) any rocket or ammunition not falling within (xi) above which consists of, or incorporates, a missile designed to explode on or immediately before impact and is for military use (section 5(1A)(b)); o Section 5(1A)(b) covers such things as air-to-air, air-to-ground or ground-to- air missiles that are fired from launch rails rather than through a tube. It also includes rocket grenades and torpedoes. It does not cover free-fall bombs, which are not considered to be ammunition. xiv) any launcher or other projecting apparatus not falling within (vi) above which is designed to be used with any rocket or ammunition falling within (xiii) above or with ammunition which would fall within that paragraph but for it being ammunition falling within (xi) above (section 5(1A)(c)); 23 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law o Section 5(1A)(c) refers to such things as launch tubes fitted to fixed- or rotary- wing aircraft for category (xiii) missiles. Launch rails, which provide solely for carriage and release, are not considered to be launchers unless they also provide the initial guidance for the missile. xv) any ammunition for military use which consists of, or incorporates, a missile designed so that a substance contained in the missile will ignite on or immediately before impact (section 5(1A)(d)); o Section 5(1A)(d) refers to ammunition designed to have an incendiary effect at the target. This includes missiles containing napalm and similar substances. It does not include tracer rounds. xvi) any ammunition for military use which consists of or incorporates a missile designed, on account of its having a jacket and hard-core, to penetrate armour plating, armour screening or body armour (section 5(1A)(e)); o Section 5(1A)(e) is typified by tungsten-cored rounds designed to penetrate armour using kinetic energy alone. It extends to depleted uranium rounds and