signs it. She re-reads the whole content and complains about the word "night- club". The registrar argues that, in Brazil, "nightclub" is a place that sells alcoholic beverages... She says "okay" and, then, finally signs and receives a copy of the "Term of statements". Before she leaves, she asks if she will be called again. The registrar says it is unlikely, "at least, not by the police". Going back to Ginsburg's (1991) analogy between inquisitors and anthropologists, reading these documents along and against the grain enables us not only to critically view this form of state documentation and administration, but also to rethink similar artifacts in anthropological knowledge practices, since the same analytical operations could be carried out toward the anthropologist, who silently witnessed and recorded this interaction. Furthermore, the analysis sought to draw attention to the fact that neither the "inquisitorial" character of interviews in police head- quarters, nor the re-shaping produced in the mediation process that converts witness speech into "Terms of state- ments" turn documented persons into inert objects of administrative documentation practices. It is not for nothing that these procedures rarely lead witnesses to report the crime of which they are supposedly "victims". To conclude this account we must highlight that, unlike the case chosen for analysis, most "human trafficking" in- quiries initiated in this Federal Police precinct led not so much to the construction than the deconstruction of the materiality of the crime (evidence). Thus, instead of leading to a criminal report and a judicial process, they general- ly wind up being archived by the Federal Prosecutor's Office. However, given that statistics are one of the main state narrative and administrative genres (Gupta, 2012), by moving from the documents' qualitative dimension to their quantitative effects, we can observe that their supposedly inexpressive result does not mean they "go nowhere", as the police officers used to say. In official reports about the phenomenon, the number of inquiries is more important than their content, serving as a support for policy formulation. Thus, the heterogeneity and "the messy details of cases are replaced by the precise factuality of numbers" (ibid, p. 156), which are the main criterion in measuring the productivity and effectiveness of this and other criminal policies. In this sense, the police inquiries' institutional ramifications, if evaluated beyond their criminal aspects, make clear how bureaucratic government is exercised not only through the articulation between knowledge and power (Fou- cault, 1980), but also through the everyday production of ignorance and even stupidity, in Graeber's (2012) terms. The political strength of ignorance can be perceived in the way in which so-called "quantitative data" is used at the highest levels of the state administrative hierarchy, which are responsible for formulating national reports and maintaining a dialogue with supranational government agencies. In Brazil, the low number of "human trafficking" inquiries and their low "productivity" in terms of criminal convictions are converted into uncertain statistics and policies of confrontation that are reproduced and legitimize themselves less through what is actually documented