satisfied has been committed. Making of closure orders: supplementary provision 136(E1) The magistrates' court may adjourn the hearing of an application for a closure order for a period of not more than 14 days to enable any of the following to show why a closure order should not be made— an occupier of the premises; a person who has control of or responsibility for the premises; any other person with an interest in the premises. If the court adjourns the hearing, it may order that the closure notice continues in effect until the end of the period of the adjournment. A closure order may include such provision as the court thinks appropriate relating to access to any other part of a building or other structure in which the premises are situated. A closure order may be made in respect of the whole or any part of the premises in respect of which the closure notice was issued. Enforcement Closure order: enforcement 136(F1) This section applies if a closure order is made. A constable or an authorised person may— enter the premises in respect of which the order is made; do anything reasonably necessary to secure the premises against entry by any person. A constable or an authorised person seeking to enter premises for the purposes of subsection (2) must, if required to do so by or on behalf of the owner, occupier or other person in charge of the premises, produce evidence of the constable's or (as the case may be) the authorised person's identity and authority before entering the premises. 154 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A constable or an authorised person may also enter the premises at any time while the order has effect for the purpose of carrying out essential maintenance of, or repairs to, the premises. A constable or an authorised person acting under subsection (2) or (4) may use reasonable force. In this section “authorised person”— in the application of this section to England and Wales, means a person authorised by the chief officer of police for the area in which the premises are situated; in the application of this section to Northern Ireland, means a person authorised by the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Closure of premises: offences 136G(1) A person who remains on or enters premises in contravention of a closure notice commits an offence. A person who remains on or enters premises in contravention of a closure order commits an offence. A person does not