of imprisonment for any term the whole or part of which is suspended shall be taken to be a sentence of imprisonment for the whole term. 154 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 – The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Appointment of members [F5691A(1) The non-executive members of the Office are to be appointed by the Secretary of State. A person who is a non-executive member must not be an employee of the Office (but may have been such an employee before appointment as a non-executive member). 1B (1) The employee members of the Office are to be appointed from the staff of the Office by the non-executive members. If the non-executive members propose to appoint an employee member, the Director General must recommend a person to the non-executive members for appointment. The Director General may also recommend a person to the non-executive members for appointment as an employee member without any proposal having been made under sub-paragraph (2). On a recommendation of a person for appointment under sub-paragraph (2) or (3), the non-executive members may— appoint the person, or reject the recommendation. If the non-executive members reject a recommendation they may require the Director General to recommend another person for appointment (in which case this sub- paragraph applies again and so on until somebody is appointed).] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 – The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 155 [F570Terms of appointment etc: non-executive members] (1) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, a person shall hold office as [F571a non- executive] member in accordance with the terms of his appointment. F572(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment of three months or more shall not, at any time in the five years following the day on which he is sentenced, be appointed as [F573a non-executive] member; and an appointment made in contravention of this sub-paragraph shall have