of what constitutes a ÒshipÓ within the 1968 Act, in the absence of a court ruling this effectively means a vessel designed to be ocean-going rather than one for travel on inland waterways. 6.50 Note: Article 4 of the Hovercraft (Application of Enactments) Order 1972, taken in conjunction with Schedule 1 to the Order provides, amongst other things, that any reference in the 1968 Act in whatever terms to ships, vessels, boats or activities or places connected therewith shall include a reference to hovercraft or activities or places connected with hovercraft. Signalling apparatus on aircraft or at aerodromes 6.51 Section 13(1)(a) of the 1968 Act also applies to the possession of signalling apparatus (for example, Very pistols) and ammunition for it. Section 13(1)(b) of the 1968 Act provides for such apparatus and ammunition, which are part of the equipment of aircraft, to be stored in safe custody at an aerodrome and to be removed between the place of storage and the aircraft, or from one aircraft to another at an aerodrome, without the necessity for a certificate or permit. 6.52 A permit on Form 115 may be issued under section 13(1)(c) of the 1968 Act to cover any other case of removal of signalling apparatus. This permit is prescribed by the Firearms Rules 1998 Ð see rule 9(3) and Schedule 4 Part V. 6.53 A firearm certificate is necessary to authorise the purchase or acquisition of signalling apparatus and ammunition but this may be issued free of charge (see Chapter 19 on fees). Birdscaring 6.54 In the main there are two types of firearm used for birdscaring, a necessary safety measure at airfields: a firearm designed as signalling apparatus and modified accordingly (for example, a modified Very pistol) or a firearm purpose-built for birdscaring, almost without exception 12 bore. Where the firearm was designed as signalling apparatus, it would not be prohibited under section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act even though it was now being used for birdscaring. Persons wishing to purchase or acquire such firearms can also benefit from the provisions in section 32(3)(b) of the 1968 Act in that no fee is payable where the certificate relates solely to signalling apparatus which the applicant requires as part of the equipment of the aerodrome. The certificate should, however, be conditioned to the effect that the firearm should be used only for signalling purposes and birdscaring (see Appendix 3). 6.55 Each person permitted to use the equipment requires a suitably conditioned firearm certificate authorising the possession and use of the weapon for birdscaring purposes. The weapon cannot be passed to non-authorised persons. 49 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 6.56 It should be noted that most cartridges used for these purposes contain a single projectile and are therefore subject to section 1 of the 1968 Act. Also, firearms specifically designed for birdscaring (not signalling) fall under section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act (prohibited weapons) if they have a barrel less than 30cm, or are less than 60cm in overall length. Firearms