and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Interim injunctions Interim injunctions: adjournment of on notice hearing This section applies if— the court adjourns the hearing of an application for an injunction under section 34, and the respondent was notified of the hearing in accordance with rules of court. The court may grant an interim injunction if it thinks that it is just and convenient to do so. An interim injunction under this section may include any provision which the court has power to include in an injunction granted under section 34 (including a power of arrest). Interim injunctions: adjournment of without notice hearing This section applies if— an application without notice is made by virtue of section 39, and the proceedings are adjourned (otherwise than at a full hearing within the meaning of that section). The court may grant an interim injunction if it thinks that it is necessary to do so. An interim injunction under this section may not have the effect of requiring the respondent to participate in particular activities. Except as provided by subsection (3), an interim injunction under this section may include any provision which the court has power to include in an injunction granted under section 34 (including a power of arrest). Variation and discharge Variation or discharge of injunctions The court may vary or discharge an injunction under this Part if— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 35 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a review hearing is held, or an application to vary or discharge the injunction is made. An application to vary or discharge the injunction may be made by— the person who applied for the injunction; the respondent. The power to vary an injunction includes power to— include an additional prohibition or requirement in the injunction; extend the period for which a prohibition or requirement in the injunction has effect (subject to section 36(2)); attach a power of arrest or extend the period for which a power of arrest attached to the injunction has effect. Section 36(4) does not apply where an injunction is varied to include a prohibition or requirement which is to have effect as mentioned in that provision but the variation is made within (or at any time after) the period of 4 weeks mentioned in it. [F16(4A) Where— the respondent is under the age of 18 on the injunction date, and any prohibition or requirement in the injunction is to have effect after the respondent reaches that age and for