of the three "missing" women, while also revealing commitments, feelings and obligations provoked both in these "families" and in the "missing" women themselves by the guidance, advice and suggestions fixed on paper. Let's begin with Arlete. On January 7, 2008, Regina, a domestic worker, left early for work, as usual. She returned at the usual time and found her 16-year-old daughter, Arlete, watching TV. The two had dinner together and then Regina went to bed, "leaving her daughter awake, and her daughter said she was going to her friend Ana's house and would sleep there". The following day, she worked as usual, but, upon returning home, did not find Arlete. In the next four days, Regina followed her routine, hoping to find Arlete every night. This did not happen. On Jan- uary 12, she went to a precinct and obtained a record of her daughter's "disappearance". Almost a month later, she was once again at the precinct, this time to inform of the opposite: Arlete had returned home. Though already solved, in June 2008 the case was sent to the SDP. Before archiving it, the police officer who received it saw fit to call Regina and end the case with the following log: Something similar happened with Melissa, a 14-year-old student who was used to spending a day or two away from home without informing anyone. In April 2008, she spent three days without contacting any family members and her mother decided to seek the police. At the time, a "missing person" report was made for Melissa. A week later, her mother returned to the unit and reported that she was already home. Based on her account, the officer who took her report registered: The last case is somewhat richer in detail. Cinira was a 19-year-old college student who left the house where she lived with her mother and sister and returned ten days later. As soon as she returned, Cinira herself went to the po- lice precinct where her "missing" had been first reported. The records of the "missing" person's visit to the police precinct are similar to those of Arlete and Melissa's cases: they fix on paper commitments with controlling behav- iors. In Cinira's case, however, they are commitments to self-control and to what would be a good conduct toward herself, and not others, as in Arlete's and Melissa's cases. What Cinira said to the police officer was thus recorded: The "beating" in Arlete's case, the guilt, the regret and the commitments to control her own desires, feelings and conduct in Cinira's, and the obligation to punish her daughter for her behavior, in Melissa's mother's case are ef- fects of advice, suggestions and guidance provided by police officers in their interactions with "families of missing persons" who seek precincts to report "missing persons" cases. An example of this kind of guidance is the sugges- tion to provide Arlete with an I.D., not only stated by the officer who took her mother's report, but also registered in the case's