“Registrable sum” means a sum that may be registered under this section as a result of section 4(5) [F50or (6)]. (5) “Defaulter” means the person against whom that sum may be registered. Registration of sums payable in default If the [F51designated officer for a local justice] area receives a registration certificate, he must register the registrable sum for enforcement as a fine in that area by entering it in the register of a magistrates’ court acting for that area. But if it appears to him that the defaulter does not reside in that area— subsection (1) does not apply to him; but Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 13 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 1 – On the Spot Penalties for Disorderly Behaviour Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes he must cause the certificate to be sent to the person appearing to him to be the [F52designated officer for the local justice area in which the defaulter resides] . A [F53designated officer] registering a sum under this section for enforcement as a fine, must give the defaulter notice of the registration. The notice must— specify the amount of the sum registered, and give the information with respect to the offence, and the authority for registration, which was included in the registration certificate under section 8. If a sum is registered in a magistrates’ court as a result of this section, any enactment referring (in whatever terms) to a fine imposed, or other sum adjudged to be paid, on conviction by such a court applies as if the registered sum were a fine imposed by that court on the conviction of the defaulter on the date on which the sum was registered. Enforcement of fines In this section— “fine” means a sum which is enforceable as a fine as a result of section 9; and “proceedings” means proceedings for enforcing a fine. Subsection (3) applies if, in any proceedings, the defaulter claims that he was not the person to whom the penalty notice concerned was issued. The court may adjourn the proceedings for a period of not more than 28 days for the purpose of allowing that claim to be investigated. On the resumption of proceedings that have been adjourned under subsection (3), the court must accept the defaulter’s claim unless it is shown, on a balance of probabilities, that he was the recipient of the penalty notice. The court may set aside a fine in the interests of justice. [F54Subject to any regulations made under subsection (7), if] the court does set a fine aside it must— give such directions for further consideration