guidance under this section relates, a local policing body or chief officer of police shall have regard to the guidance.Ó 126 Power to give directions to the College After section 40B of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ Ò40C Power to give directions to College of Policing (1) The Secretary of State may give a direction to the College of Policing requiring it to exercise any particular function that is conferred on the College by this Act or any other enactment. (2) The College of Policing shall carry out such other duties for the purpose of furthering the efficiency, effectiveness or integrity of the police as the Secretary of State may from time to time direct.Ó (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 11 Ð Policing etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 107 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 127 Charging of fees by the College After section 95 of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ Ò95A Charging of fees by College of Policing (1) The College of Policing may charge fees for providing services of a public nature only ifÑ (a) the services are of a specified description and are provided with a view to promoting the efficiency, effectiveness or professionalism of the police, and (b) the fees are of a specified amount or are determined in a specified manner. (2) In this section ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in an order made by the Secretary of State. (3) A statutory instrument containing an order under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.Ó 128 Appointment of senior police officers as staff of the College After section 100 of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ Ò100A Appointment of senior police officers as staff of College of Policing (1) This section applies where a person whoÑ (a) holds the office of constable with a rank above that of chief superintendent, or (b) hold that office and is eligible to be appointed to a rank above that of chief superintendent, is appointed as a member of the staff of the College of Policing. (2) The person continues to hold the office of constable while a member of the staff of the College. (3) On appointmentÑ (a) a person within subsection (1)(a) holds that office with the same rank that the person held immediately before appointment, or with whatever higher rank the College decides; (b) a person within subsection (1)(b) holds that office with whatever rank, above that of