life of the certificate. In these cases, it must be made clear to the holder that they may not purchase any firearm or ammunition before the date of their eighteenth birthday. This advice should take the form of a notice added to the certificate (see Appendix 3). 7.33 When a parent or other adult wishes to purchase a firearm to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies for presentation to a young person between the ages of fourteen and under eighteen, both the adult and the young person must be in possession of certificates, or other lawful authority (for example, as would be given to a member of a cadet corps). The adult will need the authority to enable them to purchase, and the young person to enable them to acquire and possess the firearms and ammunition. The same principle would apply to a shot gun to which section 2 of the 1968 Act applies for presentation to a young person between the ages of fifteen and eighteen. In some cases the parent or other adult may wish the firearm to appear on both certificates for reasons of joint storage. However, the supervisor of a young person over the age of fourteen need not be a certificate holder. Imitation firearms 7.34 Section 24A of the 1968 Act makes it an offence for anyone aged under eighteen to purchase an imitation firearm and for anyone to sell an imitation firearm to someone aged under eighteen. 7.35 ÒImitation firearmÓ is defined in section 57(4) of the Firearms 1968 as Òany thing which has the appearance of being a firearm (other than such a weapon as is mentioned in section 5(1)(b) of this Act) whether or not it is capable of discharging any shot, bullet or other missileÓ. It will ultimately be for the courts to decide whether an item falls within this definition but clearly it will apply to the purchase and sale of realistic imitation firearms where this is allowed under one of the statutory defences (see Chapter 2). It will also apply to non-realistic imitations which nevertheless have Òthe appearance of being a firearmÓ. This could include some childrenÕs toys although many toys will look so different from a firearm they might not be regarded as an imitation at all (for example, some of the more futuristic looking space guns). Where a toy is considered to be an imitation firearm, the purchase will have to be made by a parent or other person aged over eighteen. 7.36 There is a defence for anyone charged with the offence of selling an imitation firearm to someone under the age of eighteen, where he can show that he had reasonable grounds for believing the purchaser to be eighteen or over Ð for example, by seeing credible proof of age. 56 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Deactivated firearms 7.37 Section 38(7) of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 defines a deactivated firearm as an Ôimitation firearmÕ: a firearm which has been rendered incapable