the determination or withdrawal of the appeal. (6) The Commission may cancel an information notice by written notice to the person on whom it was served. (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 117 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Failure to comply with information notice 19ZB (1) If a person who has received an information noticeÑ (a) fails or refuses to provide the information required by the notice, or (b) knowingly or recklessly provides information in response to the notice that is false in a material respect, the Commission may certify in writing to the High Court that the person has failed to comply with the information notice. (2) The High Court may then inquire into the matter and, after hearing any witness who may be produced against or on behalf of the person, and after hearing any statement offered in defence, deal with the person as if the person had committed a contempt of court. Appeals against information notices 19ZC (1) A person on whom an information notice is served may appeal against the notice to the First-tier Tribunal on the ground that the notice is not in accordance with the law. (2) If the Tribunal considers that the notice is not in accordance with the lawÑ (a) it must quash the notice, and (b) it may give directions to the Commission in relation to the service of a further information notice. Sensitive information: restriction on further disclosure 19ZD (1) Where the Commission receives information within sub-paragraph (2) under an information notice, it must not disclose (whether under section 11, 20 or 21 or otherwise) the information, or the fact that it has received it, unless the relevant authority consents to the disclosure. (2) The information isÑ (a) intelligence service information, (b) intercept information, or (c) information obtained (directly or indirectly) from a government department which, at the time it is provided to the Commission, is identified by the department as information the disclosure of which may, in the opinion of the relevant authority, cause damage toÑ (i) national security or international relations, or (ii) the economic interests of the United Kingdom or any part of the United Kingdom. (3) Where the Commission discloses to another person information within sub- paragraph (2), or the fact that it has received it, that person must not disclose that information or that fact unless the relevant authority consents to the disclosure. (4) In this paragraphÑ Ògovernment