and inform and educate the public, and educate the public about risks and other civil protection matters, for each risk identified in the LRF Community Risk Register (CRR). However, in communicating with the public, there is a need to avoid causing confusion during an incident, and in the absence of a lead responder, every Category 1 responder would be obliged to issue warnings, thereby increasing the potential for confusion. Identifying lead responders also helps to avoid duplication of effort Ð there is no sense in all agencies using valuable resources to issue the same warning and / or information. In short, selecting lead responders to maintain arrangements for warning and informing the public helps the LRF to ensure that the public receives consistent and agreed safety information from a lead source only. This can play a significant role in mitigating the impact of an emergency on a community. o Regulations require Category 1 responders to have in place a mechanism for selecting lead responders either (a) in advance, or (b) at the time of an incident. The ideal scenario is that the LRF will select lead responders in advance (i.e. before an emergency occurs). This will not only save the multi-agency tactical command valuable time during a major incident, but will also smooth the path to full implementation of the duty as a whole. Agreeing lead responders in advance for each risk in the CRR will enable the LRF to put in place a minimum number of warning protocols, thus keeping the process as simple as possible. Crisis management can be challenging enough without having to go through the process of choosing a lead responder at the same time. However, if the LRF cannot agree on lead responders in advance, or indeed would prefer to leave it until the response phase of an incident, mechanisms must be put in place to allow that decision-making process to take place effectively when it is required. o Regulations permit Category 1 responders to have a mechanism for changing the lead as the emergency evolves. o As an incident proceeds through the response phase to recovery and beyond, the lead responder for warning and informing may need to change, and the Civil Contingencies Act allows for mechanisms to be established enabling these changes to be made. For example, at the conclusion of the response to a flood incident, the police may pass management of the incident to the relevant local authority (as was the case during the Carlisle floods in 2005). This might also be the appropriate time to change the lead responder for warning and informing the public, in this case from the police to local authority. NOTE: It is important to note that the lead responder is not expected to carry out the maintenance of warning and informing arrangements in isolation. The communicating with the public duty falls to all Category 1 responders. The lead responder concept steers LRF partners to provide support, advice and guidance to those agencies designated as lead