and authoritative throughout their lifecycle. It must be possible to prove that records are what they purport to be, to demonstrate that their integrity is intact and to identify the originator. Where a record is amended, an audit trail will be created. Records will accurately reflect the transactions that they represent. The Force and OPCC will seek to comply with other national and international standards such as BS 10008:2014 Ð Evidential Weight and legal admissibility of electronic information and BIP 0025:2002 Ð Effective Records Management (this list is not exhaustive). Records will be securely maintained to prevent unauthorised access, alteration, damage or removal. They will be held securely according to their Classification in accordance with the requirements of the Government Security Classification Scheme (previously Government Protective Marking Scheme). Records will be reviewed and disposed of promptly in accordance with the Records Retention Schedule and an audit trail kept. Records management systems will provide an auditable trail of records transactions from creation through to ultimate disposal. Records will be readily available and sufficient in content, context and structure to provide sufficient, authenticated evidence of the relevant activities and transactions. This includes the preservation of physical records, the migration of electronic records and the accurate cross referencing of hybrid records (part paper, part electronic). The term Òreadily availableÓ is not the same as immediately available. The speed at which records can be retrieved will depend on where, how and in what format they are stored. Files or tapes may have to be retrieved from offsite Archive Facilities, both of which may take several days. Systems that are routinely used for records management will support these characteristics and be comprehensive, systematic and compliant with all requirements arising from current business. The Force and OPCC will make the best use of available technologies to assist in the efficient management of records. The intelligent application of records management standards and principles will lead to the retention of few records. However, those records will be of a higher quality, be more useful as evidence and be a reliable source of information on which to base decisions. Records for Law Enforcement Purposes For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018 Part 3 governs information that is required for Law Enforcement Purposes. Law Enforcement Purposes are defined as: * prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, or * execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and * prevention of threats to public security. These purposes are not mutually exclusive. Information can be collected for one Law Enforcement Purpose and used for another that may not have been known about at the point of collection. It is essential that in order for information to be legally held, a lawful purpose is established. Generally, if the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for the following purposes; law enforcement, a legal obligation, the administration of justice, the safeguarding of children and of individuals at risk, a contract or the data subject has given