stated in this application are true. *I am duly authorised by the applicant to sign this statement. Print full name Name of applicant solicitors firm Signed Dated (Applicant) (ApplicantÕs solicitor) Proceedings for contempt of court may be brought against a person who makes or causes to be made, a false statement in a document verified by a statement of truth *delete as appropriate Note: If you are an individual applicant, you MUST NOT serve the documents yourself on the person you are seeking the order against. Application for a FGM Protection Order Notes for guidance Please read these notes with the leaflet FGM700 - FGM Protection Orders Section 1 Ð Applicants There are three types of applicant. The person to be protected, someone on their behalf and a relevant third party. If you are the person to be protected and are applying yourself for an order, with or without legal representation, you are also the applicant. Fill in section 1 only, and then go to section 4. A relevant third party applicant is a person or organisation that is allowed to make an application on behalf of another without the leave of the court. Only the Lord Chancellor can make a person or organisation a relevant third party, for example a local authority. If you are not a relevant third party and you are not the person who is to be protected by the order you can still make the application, but you need the courtÕs permission. The court can give you the form (FGM006) to apply for permission. Form FGM001 still needs to be completed when using the form FGM006. Address details If you do not wish your address, or the address of any person named in the application form to be made known to the respondent, leave the space(s) on the form blank and complete Confidential contact details Form C8. The court can give you this form. Section 2 Ð Person to be protected This section only needs to be completed if you are applying on behalf of someone. If you are the person to be protected by the order, leave this section blank. Address details If you do not wish the address of the person to be protected to be made known to the respondent, leave the space blank and complete Confidential contact details Form C8. The court can give you this form. Section 4 Ð Respondents A person who you want the court to make an order against is called the respondent. There may be more than one respondent. If you know of other people who may become involved as a respondent include their details in section 6. Section 5 Ð The Order A FGM Protection Order provides protection to victims of or potential victims of FGM. Each FGM Protection Order is specific to each case and contains terms that change the behaviour of the respondent and other people. Examples of what you might want the court to order are: • that the respondent does not