their employer to ensure they can fulfill their legal obligations. The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999 require the employer to make a suitable and sufficient assessment of: a) The risks to the health and safety of his employees to which they are exposed whilst they are at work; and b) The risks to the health and safety of persons not in his employment arising out of or in connection with the conduct by him of his undertaking. The Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations 1995 place an absolute duty on organisations to report specified injuries, diseases and dangerous occurrences in the workplace to the local regional office of the Health and Safety Executive (HSE). The HSE Management Standards advocate a preventative approach to reducing work related stress. The approach involves targeting six main working conditions (demands, control, support, relationships, role and change) and specifies management practises that will help to ensure that these potential sources of stress do not actually act as stressors for employees in the workplace. Although not legally binding, the HSE Management Standards are encouraged and provided as best practice. These standards are supported and adopted by Wiltshire Police and are integral part of the forceÕs health and well being programme, in order to promote and support the health, safety and welfare of all its employees. 2. Health and Wellbeing Vision Wiltshire PoliceÕs most valuable asset is its police officers, police staff, special constables and volunteers who devote themselves to delivering the work of the Force and serving and protecting the communities of Wiltshire and Swindon. Creating a healthy working environment which supports the physical, psychological, emotional, social, environmental, financial and ethical wellbeing of officers, staff and volunteers is crucial. Ultimately, the happier, healthier and more resilient Wiltshire Police employees are, the better the organisation performs. The embedded values and behaviours, an empowered leadership style, along with new and exciting innovations and technology, have helped in shaping the approach to employee wellness. We are committed to developing and maintaining a police service that employees are proud to work for because they feel safe, valued and part of a happy and supportive work community. Wiltshire Police aim to achieve a work environment where: • Work is recognised by all as important and beneficial, and institutional barriers to sickness, returning to, or remaining in work are removed. • Health is not adversely affected by work, and good quality advice and support is available to, and accessible by, all. • There is a culture of self awareness and individual responsibility in the workplace, where individuals take responsibility for their physical, emotional and social wellbeing, and understand how their behaviours affect the health and wellbeing of others. • Colleagues with health conditions and disabilities are able to optimise work opportunities 3. Workplace Wellbeing Charter The nationally recognised Workplace Wellbeing Charter is an evidence-based award scheme seen as statement of intent, showing commitment to health and wellbeing. The Charter provides advice, guidance and resources to help