(5) If the relevant judge or the court has reason to suspect that the person is suffering from a mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1983, the judge or the court has the same power to make an order under section 35 of that Act (remand for report on accusedÕs medical condition) as the Crown Court has under that section in the case of an accused person (within the meaning of that section). 46 Further provision about remands Schedule 5 (which makes further provision about the remand of a person under sections 43(5) and 44(4)) has effect. 46A Breach of injunctions: supplementary powers in respect of under-18s Schedule 5A (which makes provision about the powers of the court in relation to breach of an injunction by a respondent aged under 18) has effect. Appeals 46B Appeals against decisions of youth courts (1) An appeal lies to the Crown Court against a decision of a youth court made under this Part. (2) On an appeal under this section the Crown Court may make- (a) whatever orders are necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal; (b) whatever incidental or consequential orders appear to it to be just. (3) An order of the Crown Court made on an appeal under this section (other than one directing that an application be re-heard by a youth court) is to be treated for the purposes of section 42 as an order of a youth court. Miscellaneous 59 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 47 Guidance (1) The Secretary of State must issue guidance relating to injunctions under this Part. (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under subsection (1). (3) Before issuing or revising any guidance under this section the Secretary of State must consult the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales and such other persons as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate. (4) The Secretary of State must lay any guidance issued or revised under this section before Parliament. (5) The Secretary of State must publish any guidance issued or revised under this section. (6) Each of the following must have regard to any guidance published under subsection (5)-- (a) a chief officer of police for a police area; (b) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; (c) a local authority. 48 Supplemental (1) ... (2) Rules of court may provide that an appeal from a decision of the High Court or county court to which this subsection applies may be made without notice being given to the respondent. (3) Subsection (2) applies to a decision applies- (a) to a decision under section 39(4)(a) that an application without notice be dismissed, and (b) to a decision to refuse to grant an interim injunction under section 41. (4) In relation to a respondent attaining the age of 18 after the commencement of proceedings under this Part, rules of court may- (a) provide for the transfer of the proceedings