involving loss of life and serious injury, but also longer- term trauma and impact on victimsÕ and witnessesÕ lives). Wide-ranging and complex needs for support (such as wider community, health, emotional and practical support). A coordinated government response to address immediate, short-term and longer-term needs of victims and witnesses and, where fatalities occur, bereaved families. Extensive media coverage of the incident. The national homicide service The national homicide service should be activated if the incident is declared a major criminal investigation. The service provides a dedicated caseworker who conducts a needs assessment, which is used to develop and agree a support plan. The caseworker can help support a wide range of needs, including emotional and practical support. This will be tailored to individual needs and can include referral to therapy for trauma and bereavement; help with needs such as debt, welfare benefits or housing issues; advocacy through domestic homicide reviews; and support throughout an inquest. The homicide service also offers a peer support network where people can be matched with a peer supporter, attend group peer support sessions or access the online peer support platform. There is no time limit on support. People can enter, leave and re-join the homicide service at any point if their needs change. The homicide service supports families bereaved by, eyewitnesses to and children or young people affected by a homicide or major incident where a crime has caused fatalities. A bereaved family member means a person resident in England and Wales who is: the spouse, partner, civil partner, parent, child, sibling, stepparent, step-child, step-sibling or a dependant of the victim another family member where there are none of the above connected to the victim a carer to the victim prior to their death; and/or a carer (either before or as a result of the death) to one or more of the dependants of the victim where a: dependant is a child under 18, over 18 and in full-time education or an adult with additional vulnerabilities or needs, meaning they need someone to fulfil a caregiving role; and carer is someone who has or had a substantial role in looking after the deceased, a family member, partner or friend (this can include foster parents, but not carers provided by local authorities such as home help) An eyewitness means an individual who has directly witnessed a homicide or death due to a major criminal incident. In addition, children and young people (up to the age of 24) who fall outside the above criteria but are affected by a homicide or major criminal incident are eligible for outreach support. This is a short-term intervention providing up to three group and one-to-one emotional and practical support sessions in the community in the immediate aftermath of a homicide or major criminal incident. The FLO should inform families of the service and a notification form should be completed as soon as practicable. If they consent to share information, they should be referred into the service. In the event that the