officer could perform the duty Where any officer could perform the duty More than 15 days Free day reallocated within 4 days of it being cancelled Free day reallocated within 4 days of it being cancelled Less than 15 days Additional hours paid at plain time or taken as time off Paid at the appropriate rate of pay for rest day working Recompense for Rest Day / Free Day Working Ð Inspectors and Chief Inspectors Time off in lieu is granted to be taken subject to the exigencies of duty. SHORT NOTICE CHANGES TO WORKING HOURS / PATTERNS Ð POLICE STAFF NB: This section applies to ALL police staff, not just those working shifts/unsocial hours. All police staff can be required to work outside their normal working hours/days to meet identified organisational demands. It is the responsibility of management to allocate their available resources to meet organisational demand. Where the planned resource is no longer sufficient or available, it is also their responsibility to make adjustments to ensure, as far as is practicable, that the demands will still be met. Where management changes the planned starting times of a shift or changes a work day, this should be notified to employees as soon in advance of the intended change as possible. Such changes should be kept to a minimum and undertaken with prior discussion with the staff member wherever possible. Where such changes need to be made at short notice, additional recompense is due to those individuals affected as outlined below. Change to work pattern Degree of change Amount of Notice Recompense Notes Start of shift time By 3 hours or more Less than 120 hours (5 days) in advance of the planned starting time Additional dayÕs pay (plain time) Requirement to stand-by at home does NOT qualify Change to rest day Required to work on a rest day Less than 120 hours (5 days) in advance of the planned starting time Payment at relevant overtime rate PLUS a day off in lieu OT rate varies according to the day in question (see Overtime section) Change to rest day Required to work on a rest day Less than 15 days but more than 5 days in advance of the planned starting time Payment at relevant overtime rate OR a day off in lieu It should be noted that such changes to the anticipated working pattern are NOT regarded as overtime. Where overtime is worked it is paid as additional time in complete recompense. The above refers to changes to the duty pattern and does NOT apply where additional hours are being worked. INDEX REST DAY WORKING - POLICE OFFICERS 2 Recompense for Rest Day Working Ð Constables and Sergeants 2 Recompense for Rest Day Working Ð Inspectors and Chief Inspectors 2 SHORT NOTICE CHANGES TO WORKING HOURS / PATTERNS Ð POLICE STAFF 3 Template v6 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE PROCEDURE Right of Access Request Procedure (RoARs) Date of Publication: March 2022 Version: 3.0 Next Review Date: March 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS