upskilling within businesses, but also through business support such as mentoring, real life use cases and data to academia. Supporting every teacher The key to progress in schools is to enable teachers to have confidence in the basics themselves, so they can make the best possible choices about how to engage their students. One way to make progress relatively fast would be to extend the work of the NCCE, supporting it to provide comprehensive curriculum resources that cover AI at all Key Stages, and providing an incentive and opportunity for teachers to learn and develop their AI knowledge. A comprehensive programme aimed at all teachers and with a clear deadline for completion would enable every teacher confidently to get to grips with AI concepts in ways that are relevant to their own teaching. As in many other subjects, learning should combine access to knowledge about AI with exercises based on tackling real-world problems in ways that encourage the skills associated with problem-solving (including creativity and resilience) and team-working. Therefore new curriculum resources need to include curated data sets that will enable teachers to create the case studies and exercises that will in turn create the familiarity that leads all young people to increased confidence and data literacy. Lifelong learning and an online academy for AI Looking across society, the scale of re- skilling and up-skilling that will be required is vast when you consider a population whose working lives may last more than half a century beyond the time they left school, college or university. The UK must contend with changing business models in goods and services, and the changing nature of professions and trades, and the priority of levelling up. These challenges point to the need for significant change in the contract between the state, individual and employer and a step change in the scale of continuous professional development and the ability to move between types of work. While these socio-economic trends cut across sectors and subjects, they represent an even more urgent challenge in AI where the required skills have recently emerged and are still changing rapidly.20 The government should consider the two following major steps. The first is extending business tax relief from investment in research, development and innovation to investment in specified forms of retraining and upskilling, including AI. A second step would be to enable the creation of an Online Academy for AI. Such an Academy could provide a key part of the social infrastructure necessary to support systemic change. Properly designed, such an Academy would provide the opportunity efficiently and creatively to meet several overlapping needs which emerge from different parts of this Roadmap. It might start by providing entry-level material to support life-long learning. Ideally, this would be accredited in a recognisable and portable way. In doing this it could also provide an entry-point and repository for online learning aimed at teachers, complementing the work of bodies such as the NCCE, and it would encourage the growing national community of product managers retooling