in England. Additionally, the team: o supports local and cross-LRF activities and leads on all-Wales co-ordination; o acts as a link between LRFs through representation on the forums and their supporting co-ordinating groups; o facilitates all-Wales capabilities groups which bring together the relevant LRF sub-group Chairs; o works in conjunction with the joint emergencies services groups and LRFs to delivery pan-Wales training and exercising; and o acts as a link with Cabinet Office, other Whitehall departments and other devolved administrations. Role of the regulators and inspectorates 13.30. In addition to the self monitoring processes outlined within this guidance, the Government relies upon regulatory and inspectorate bodies across the range of responder organisations to support self assessment in relation to responders meeting their responsibilities under the Act. Regulators have an important role to play and can help responders in a number of ways through: o undertaking governance or diagnostic interventions to highlight organisational strengths and weaknesses and follow up as necessary; o reducing the bureaucratic burden on responders by accepting evidence from self assessment and peer reviews as part of their inspection regimes; o o highlighting and validating good practice for organisations to build upon; o sharing knowledge and good practice within and between organisations; o contribute to Government work in producing self assessment tools and guidance. 13.31. Outputs from regulatory reviews or inspections can provide responders with a rich source of information upon which to produce and implement plans to improve and fill identified capability gaps. 13.32. Bodies which oversee performance of public service provision by Category 2 responders operating under license arrangements such as Ofcom for the telecommunications industry or Ofwat for the water industry, impose sector specific standards relating to the provision of services and are responsible for monitoring performance and taking remedial action when standards fall below expectations. Role of the national tier 13.33. The Government has established a framework to support national emergency planning in a linked and structured way. This is now well established and embedded. Parliamentary scrutiny of the activities of the Government is ongoing and the National Audit Office audits departmental accounts and reports to Parliament. The Cabinet Office Civil Contingencies Secretariat provides cross-cutting oversight and co-ordination of resilience activity at the national level. All the current duties of Category 1 and 2 responders are reflected and shadowed by activity co-ordinated by the Cabinet Office Civil Contingencies Secretariat (CCS) at the national level. Similar activity is undertaken in lead government departments. This activity and attendant responsibilities are driven and/or monitored via: 13.27. o the National Resilience Capabilities Programme (NRCP) (see paragraph 13.34); o the Lead Government Departments Expected Capabilities, this amplifies guidance in CONOPs and The Lead Government Department and its role Ð Guidance and Best Practice Ð https://update.cabinetoffice.gov. uk/sites/default/files/resources/lead-government-departments-role.pdf o Central GovernmentÕs Concept of Operations (CONOPs); o National Capabilities Survey; o the Resilience sub-committee of the National Security Council. NSC oversees all aspects of the UKÕs security. Government departments with key security related functions are all represented on the National Security Council.