59, 4.94%). Overall this indicates that for statutory services, there is little demand for emergency responses and most issues are resolved through a telephone resolution. For the retail category, response code 3 was the most used (n = 355, 37.1%), closely followed by response code 2 (n = 34.38%), whilst response codes 1 (n = 49, 7.94%) and 5 (n = 47, 7.04%) were the least used. Response code 5 was found to be the most widely used to answer nightlife calls for service (n = 208, 28.3%), whilst response code 1 is again the least (n = 40, 5.44%). Response code 3 was used the most to address issues at the top ten young peopleÕs services addresses (n = 237, 41.87%) and response code 1 used the least (n = 25, 4.95%). Therefore, there is rarely need for immediate response for incidents occurring at young peopleÕs services addresses, with five addresses not requiring any emergency responses within the year. The residential addresses had a greater amount of code 1 emergency responses allocated to incidents (n = 103, 41.8%) than any of the other categories, suggesting that the incidents occurring at residential properties require a more rapid response. Residential Profiling Out of the top ten demanding residential addresses, one was located within an area of high deprivation, seven were located in areas of medium deprivation, and two were located in areas of low deprivation. All addresses were located in urban residential areas; however they were spread out across the city. Four properties were flats, three were semi-detached housing and three were terrace houses. The number of residents in these properties ranged between 1- 8 people. On analysing the socio-demographic qualities of the families, it was found that 100% of the family members across all ten households were of ÔWhite Ð Northern EuropeanÕ ethnicity. The age range of those who were connected to the top ten addresses was between 0- 84 years old with an average 38 years old. Three of the ten addresses had under 18 year olds in the family. Regarding employment status, twenty people (43%) were listed as being unemployed and four people (9%) were employed. Four people (9%) were retired, six (13%) were school students and the occupation of thirteen people (28%) was unknown. Although there were an equal number of males and females across the sample, in 75% of cases the person calling for service was a female. All of the ten addresses included at least one family member that had been involved domestic violence incidents, alcohol or substance abuse, or had experienced mental health issues. Eight out of ten addresses include someone in the family with mental health issues, six addresses included someone with alcohol addictions or who regularly partakes in alcohol abuse, five of the ten addresses were associated with cases of domestic violence, and four addresses included someone with substance abuse issues. The average number of referrals across the addresses was 90, with an average of 31 referrals per family, and an average