the chief officerÕs second letter will confirm that removal action has been effected. 15.21 A valid notice of appeal cannot be lodged with the Crown Court or Sheriff Court in Scotland until after the second letter has been issued, as it is the decision to remove from the register that triggers the right of appeal, as opposed to the chief officerÕs letter indicating that he is proposing to make such a decision. The removal of their name from the register will preclude the appellant from carrying on business as a firearms dealer unless their appeal is allowed. 15.22 It should be noted that the certificate of registration merely provides evidence that a dealerÕs name has been entered in the register. It does not, of itself, confer registration. Under section 45(1), a court may order that the name of the dealer be removed from the register; however under 45(3) a court may suspend the operation of its order pending appeal. If this is the case, a dealerÕs name will remain on the 137 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law register and therefore the dealer may lawfully trade. If a dealer is removed from the register under section 38, they may not continue to trade pending appeal. If appeal under section 38 is successful, the dealer will not have to surrender their certificate of registration, or their register of transactions, under section 38(8). Notification of Transfers 15.23 In transferring firearms and shot guns to certificate holders, firearms dealers are obliged by section 32(2)(b) of the 1997 Act to comply with any instructions contained in the certificate produced. Those instructions require that notification, and details of the transaction be notified to the chief officer of police of the force which issued the certificate within 7 days. 15.24 Section 42A and 42B of the 1968 Act specify the notification requirements. Accordingly, under section 42A(1), notification must be sent by Ôpermitted meansÕ. This includes notification via recorded or special delivery or by Ôpermitted electronic meansÕ. Where notification is sent electronically it must be to an existing electronic address. Firearms licensing departments wishing to receive notification electronically must therefore ensure that they have a working and secure email address. The exception to the notification requirements is in the case where information is sent to dealers and certificate holders, etc, by the police, the Secretary of State or Scottish Ministers. In those instances, notification by recorded and special delivery is permitted but notification by electronic communication can only be used where: • the recipient has given a written statement to the body concerned that he accepts electronic notification. This may be limited to particular type of notice specifying the form(s) of communication and an electronic address for each form; and • the notice must be sent to the address specified for that form of electronic communication. 15.25 When accepting a gun from a Òperson unknownÓ or when accepting an unlicensed gun, a dealer should notify the local police firearms licensing department. When firearms are handed in for destruction,