Act (exportation), or section 170 of that Act (fraudulent evasion), in connection with a prohibition or restriction on importation or exportation having effect by virtue of section 3 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (c. 38); an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Law Act 1977 (c. 45) or Article 9 of the Criminal Attempts and Conspiracy (Northern Ireland) Order 1983 (S.I. 1983 1120 (N.I. 13)), or in Scotland at common law, of conspiracy to commit any of the offences in paragraphs (a) to (d) above; an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 (c. 47) or Article 3 of the Criminal Attempts and Conspiracy (Northern Ireland) Order 1983, or in Scotland at common law, of attempting to commit any of those offences; and an offence under section 19 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (c. 38) or at common law of inciting another person to commit any of those offences. The power to make an order under subsection (1)(c) shall be exercisable by statutory instrument; and no such order shall be made unless a draft of it has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House. An order under subsection (1)(c) may provide, in relation to any offence designated by such an order, that it is to be treated as so designated only— for such purposes, and in cases where it was committed in such manner or in such circumstances, as may be described in the order. Revocation and suspension of a travel restriction order Subject to the following provisions of this section, the court by which a travel restriction order has been made in relation to any person under section 33 may— on an application made by that person at any time which is— after the end of the minimum period, and is not within three months after the making of any previous application for the revocation of the prohibition, revoke the prohibition imposed by the order with effect from such date as the court may determine; or on an application made by that person at any time after the making of the order, suspend the prohibition imposed by the order for such period as the court may determine. Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 27 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A court to which an application for the revocation of the prohibition imposed on any person by a travel restriction order is made shall not revoke that prohibition unless it considers that it is appropriate