intake representing 36% female and 32% from BAME backgrounds.14 It has also reached out to crowdsource best practice for data science and AI research, was pivotal in creating a new discipline in data-centric engineering, and has worked across government to provide policy advice and operational support. Concentrating on these beginnings, an enhanced and reshaped Turing will be a crucial part of the necessary research, development and innovation infrastructure but, to play that role fully, some changes are needed. The UKÕs research system as a whole cannot reach its full potential while the original membership model has the effect of inadvertently excluding excellent research teams across the four nations. The UK needs the Turing to have a full national reach so that it can play its part in levelling up and in supporting talent and great ideas wherever they start. To do this, it will need to be able to bring together researchers, businesses, civil groups and the public sector to make great ideas work at all geographic levels and at a sector-wide scale. A new Turing model might, for example, extend both its virtual and physical presences to energise more regional and local activity. There are several ways to achieve such aims, building on the TuringÕs convening role in the UK landscape to join up and build on existing teams and infrastructure. This could be delivered through Turing acting as a headquarters and convenor of a nationally network of centres-of- excellence or hubs, which may be physical or virtual, which would not only advance AI research but also development, innovation and deployment into the regions. Across these centres, skills training will be at both the research level and, most importantly, in apprenticeships, upskilling and reskilling regional 13 UK Research and Development Roadmap, UK Government ( July 2020) 14 Annual Report 2019-20, The Alan Turing Institute (2020) 12 AI ROADMAP workforces to exploit the opportunities of AI across sectors of the UK economy. Models for such centres might be based on, for example, UKÕs National Cyber Security Centre, or focus on regions to support AI research, development and innovation capability to support the local economy. Well-funded institutes are becoming highly valued components of national AI strategies, and as a national institute of global standing, the Turing also needs the assured long term public sector funding that will give it and others the confidence to plan and invest for the medium term and strategic leadership for the UK, with the needs of academia, businesses, civil groups and the public sector reflected in its strategic direction. A well-funded UK institute would not only signal the UKÕs commitment to remaining a globally leading player over the coming decades, it could also promote the UKÕs interests through collaborations with international partners and enable it to play a significant role in building the international infrastructure discussed as part of the third pillar in this Roadmap. Sustainable funding would enable the Turing to provide visible national leadership on matters of AI security and ethics, and use this