advises the use of a minimum calibre of .243 with a bullet weight of 100 grains to be humane. However, individual bullet weights should not be stipulated on certificates. 12.28 Hunting potentially dangerous animals, such as wild boar, with larger calibre rifles requires particular skill, and applicants should generally have experience of firearms. Applicants should put forward specific named land and a request or authority from the owner/ occupier to shoot the species concerned. Seals 12.29 It is an offence to intentionally or recklessly kill, injure or take a seal. However, there is a general exemption for taking a seal which is disabled for the sole purpose of tending and releasing it when no longer disabled, or killing a seal which was so seriously disabled that there was no reasonable chance of its recovering. On 1 March 2021, Schedule 9 of the Fisheries Act 2020 made amendments to the Conservation of Seals Act 1970, such that individual seals can no longer be controlled under the ÔnetsmanÕs defenceÕ as this was removed from the legislation. More information on this subject can be found within Chapter 13. Deer 12.30 Wildlife management is a devolved activity. The shooting of deer in England and Wales is governed by the Deer Act 1991 (as amended), which requires deer be shot with rifle cartridges of particular muzzle energy and, in Scotland, muzzle velocity and bullet weight (see Chapter 13 for further detail). The Deer Act 1991 requires that Òsoft nosed or hollow nosedÓ (expanding) ammunition, or in the case of Scotland ammunition Òdesigned to deform in a predictable mannerÓ, must be used for shooting deer. Deer stalkers will normally be authorised to possess up to 250 rounds of ammunition but account should be taken of individual circumstances, 100 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law for example where re-loaders are acquiring missiles or where the shooter is a professional deer stalker. 12.31 Suitable calibres for shooting deer range from .22 centrefire to .45-70. For shooting Muntjac & Chinese Water Deer in England and Wales, a rifle with a calibre of not less than .220 inches and a muzzle energy of not less than 1,000 foot-pounds using a soft or hollow nosed bullet of not less than 50 grains can be used. For shooting Roe, Fallow, Sika and Red deer, a rifle with a calibre of not less than .240 and a muzzle energy of not less than 1700 foot-pounds can be used. However, for the larger species (Fallow, Sika and Red deer), .270 and larger are generally more suitable. See paragraph 12.34 for information about legislative requirements for the shooting of deer in Scotland. 12.32 An applicant who wishes to shoot deer should name land which has the likelihood of the appropriate deer species being present, and an invitation, booking or authority to shoot. This is not necessary where a person already holds a deer legal rifle for an established reason. Many deer stalkers will rely on invitations to shoot on payment rather than be hired or paid