in accordance with subsection (2) of the person to whom it must be returned. References in this Part to the person from whom something has been seized, in relation to a case in which the power of seizure was exercisable by reason of that thing’s having been found on any premises, are references to the occupier of the premises at the time of the seizure. References in this section to the occupier of any premises at the time of a seizure, in relation to a case in which— a notice in connection with the entry or search of the premises in question, or with the seizure, was given to a person appearing in the occupier’s absence to be in charge of the premises, and it is practicable, for the purpose of returning something that has been seized, to identify that person but not to identify the occupier of the premises, are references to that person. Remedies and safeguards Application to the appropriate judicial authority This section applies where anything has been seized in exercise, or purported exercise, of a relevant power of seizure. Any person with a relevant interest in the seized property may apply to the appropriate judicial authority, on one or more of the grounds mentioned in subsection (3), for the return of the whole or a part of the seized property. Those grounds are— that there was no power to make the seizure; that the seized property is or contains an item subject to legal privilege that is not comprised in property falling within section 54(2); that the seized property is or contains any excluded material or special procedure material which— has been seized under a power to which section 55 applies; is not comprised in property falling within section 55(2) or (3); and is not property the retention of which is authorised by section 56; that the seized property is or contains something seized under section 50 or 51 which does not fall within section 53(3); and subsections (5) and (6) of section 55 shall apply for the purposes of paragraph (c) as they apply for the purposes of that section. Subject to subsection (6), the appropriate judicial authority, on an application under subsection (2), shall— 50 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes if satisfied as to any of the matters mentioned in subsection (3), order the return of so much of the seized property as is property in relation to which the authority is so satisfied; and to the extent that