guiding principles should be used when deciding whether or not a service or activity is critical. It is not intended to be a definitive list, but rather a series of useful indicators: 4 s.2(1)(c) • Emergency management/civil protection: Functions that underpin the Category 1 responderÕs capability to respond to the emergency itself, and take effective action to reduce, control or mitigate the effects of the emergency. • Impact on human welfare, the environment and security: The significance of services to the effective functioning of the community in the event of an emergency, or an adverse effect on the environment. • Legal implications: Statutory requirements on Category 1 responders and the threat of litigation if a service is not delivered, or is delivered inadequately. • Financial implications: Loss of revenue and payment of compensation. • Reputation: Functions that impact on the credibility and public perception of a Category 1 responder. o Service levels: The Act does not require Category 1 responders to continue to deliver their functions at ordinary levels in the event of an emergency. Some critical functions may need to be scaled up, while others (which are non-critical) may need to be scaled down or suspended. Acceptable levels of service in the event of an emergency are a matter for the Category 1 responder itself to determine in the light of its capabilities, constraints and the needs of the community. o Balance of investments: No organisation will be in a position to commit unlimited resources to BCM. It is the role of the Category 1 responder itself to decide the level of protection sought. o 6.13. Category 1 responders must therefore put in place a process for effectively managing the prioritisation of services - and getting high-level endorsement for these decisions - prior to an emergency occurring. The business impact analysis (BIA) process described later in this chapter gives a methodology for undertaking this work. Risk assessment 6.14. It is important that Category 1 responders identify the significant risks threatening the performance of critical functions in the event of an emergency or disruption, as this will enable them to focus resources in the right areas, and develop appropriate continuity strategies.5 6.15. In this context, there are two strands to risk assessment, relating to external threats (i.e. risk of an emergency occurring) and internal risks (i.e. business risks) that could cause loss or disruption of critical services required to control, reduce or mitigate the effects of an emergency or disruption. 6.16. The Act requires Category 1 responders to identify and assess significant risks of an emergency occurring in their area 6 - in accordance with their particular functions - as a basis for performing their other civil protection duties (see Chapter 4). The Regulations require Category 1 responders to have regard to assessments of risk maintained pursuant to the Act when developing BCPs.7 The Act requires Category 1 responders to consider whether a risk assessment 6.1. makes it necessary or desirable to review a BCP.8 It is good practice, in