the pins; or • for slot in type doors, not less than 2 steel pins of 12mm diameter or full width welded steel foot plate not less than door thickness. ii. Secured by: • locks to BS3621 Ð 2017 or 7 lever safe locks with not less than 38mm x 9mm cross section steel bolts; or • padlocks not less than CEN 4. Close shackle padlocks should be selected on open ring or plate staples. Locks specified above, with the exception of padlocks, should be mounted on steel brackets or pockets, providing strength equal to that of the door and welded to the door. 8. Hinged full-length doors for rifles/shotguns, should be fitted with two locking devices fitted at points to divide the locking edge into equal parts. Alternatively, the door may have a driven bolt/multi-point locking system, either key or lever operated, providing: a) three bolts operating equally along the opening edge or opening edge, top and bottom; b) the bolts to provide resistance equal to that in BS3621-2017; c) a lever driven system to be secured by a lock to BS3621- 2017 or equivalent. 9. On slide-in, fully braced doors, the number and location of the lock(s) will be determined by the degree of absence of flexing in the door. 10. Padlocks should have steel staples, hasp/staple, or pad bars fabricated to equate to the protective strength of the lock. 11. Provision of at least 4 fixing holes to take not less than 10mm diameter fastening devices. The holes to be spaced to provide maximum binding of cabinet to structure. 8. 12. When ammunition or firing mechanisms are to be kept separately from the firearms, a smaller cabinet of similar construction or a separately lockable container, either as an extension of the cabinet, or internally fabricated, can be manufactured. Safes 13. Assuming they are physically capable of containing a firearm, commercially manufactured safes may be considered suitable for the securing of firearms. Even early models, if tight and in good condition, can provide physical protection that would be above that expected on a cabinet constructed to BS7558 - 1992. The following considerations should be applied as appropriate. 14. Safes weighing less than 20cwts should be secured in accordance with the manufacturerÕs instructions, or in the case of one already possessed, that from a manufacturer or safe engineer. 15. Safes have a considerable floor loading implication. Advice must be sought for any proposal to fit a safe other than on a solid ground floor. 16. To protect those safes with thinner plate backs, they must always be installed with the back against a solid wall or be built into a wall or recess to prevent attack at the rear. 17. Where the safe is secured by driven bolt work, a single key lock or dial lock (either combination or digital) is often provided. Unless there is some particular requirement, double locking is not necessary. Display Cabinets 18. Cabinets which may be considered to be suitable for the display of