emergencies, so it is right that organisations co-operate closely in preparedness and planning as well. The government aims to ensure all organisations co-operate in emergency preparedness, and robust co-operation arrangements are in place at every level. This section outlines who should co-operate, and how. It describes co- operation arrangements in place locally and points out the emphasis placed on co- operation within the Civil Contingencies Act. Who should co-operate? Organisations will need to co-operate closely with any other organisation who would be involved in responding to and recovering from an emergency which affects that organisation. That will mean not just partner organisations, but contractors, and voluntary organisations who may be involved in the response. Organisations should consider their need to co-operate with a wide range of public (for example, local authorities, emergency services), commercial (for example, other businesses) and voluntary organisations (like charities and voluntary response organisations). What co-operation? Every-day co-operation between organisations is the lifeblood of civil protection work - through visits and seminars, phone calls and emails, and joint projects including exercises. Many organisations are well used to co-operating in both preparing for and responding to emergencies. The emergency services, for instance, obviously co- ordinate closely when responding to emergencies. They also co-operate closely in policy and planning, and undertake joint training and exercises. Likewise, utilities companies have close links with local authorities and the emergency services. Organisations should aim to co-operate bilaterally and attend multi-agency groups and forums to discuss co-ordinated and sometimes joint approaches to the essential aspects of emergency preparedness - risk assessment, emergency planning, business continuity management, and arrangements to warn and inform the public. Such forums should also consider producing multi-agency plans and other documents, including protocols and agreements, and the co-ordination of multi- agency exercises and other training events. Co-operation at the local level under the Civil Contingencies Act The principle mechanism for multi-agency co-operation at the local level is the local resilience forum (LRF) (https://www.gov.uk/local-resilience-forums-contact-details). LRFs are generally based on local police areas, and bring together all the organisations who have a duty to co-operate under the Civil Contingencies Act, along with others who would be involved in the response. The purpose of the LRF process is to ensure effective delivery of those duties under the Act that need to be developed in a multi-agency environment. Co-operation at the sub-national level Some co-operation and co-ordination takes place at multi-LRF level in England, which brings together representatives of local responders, and is supported by resilience advisers from DCLG-RED (https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/working- with-local-partners-to-plan-for-and-respond-to-emerg encies), to work together to address larger-scale civil protection issues. Co-operation at the devolved administration level Similar co-operation and co-ordination arrangements are in place in the devolved administrations. For instance, in Scotland strategic co-ordinating groups are similar to LRFs, and the Scottish Emergencies Co-ordinating Committee (SECC) provides co-ordination and determines the national strategy for the development of civil protection. In Wales the Welsh Government (WG) provides that co-ordination, and a Wales Resilience Forum brings together local responders and UK government bodies. In