on ethical and professional behaviour. By Ôeveryone in policingÕ, we mean: police officers police staff police community support officers (PCSOs) those with designated powers members of the Special Constabulary police support volunteers and cadets police officers and staff on secondment or overseas deployment designated contract managers, contractors and staff employed by suppliers providing services on behalf of forces For ease, the term ÔstaffÕ is used throughout this guidance to refer to the roles outlined. Purpose Policing professionals are more likely to be judged as behaving ethically when their decisions and actions are lawful and consistent with the ethical policing principles. The policing profession is committed to the highest standards of behaviour. This guidance provides guidance on ethical and professional behaviour for everyone in policing. This is what the public has a right to expect from us, and what we should expect from ourselves and each other. It contains advice on areas of policing that are important to maintaining public trust and legitimacy, as well as additional guidance where experience tells us we could benefit from it, in order to help us do the right thing. It also signposts guidance that is contained elsewhere but not always easily located. The guidance does not Ð and cannot Ð cover every situation that someone working in policing might face, either in the course of their work or when not working. Nor does the guidance replace the need for common sense and professional judgement in how those working across a wide range of policing roles and responsibilities behave. However, the guidance will assist with building a positive workplace culture by spelling out what good policing looks like, and by promoting professional conduct and decision making. For the avoidance of doubt, the Code of Ethics does not set the standards against which conduct should be assessed. Those standards are set by the Police Conduct Regulations and terms of employment. Other guidance helps to ensure that assessments against the standards are consistent, including: the statutory Home Office guidance College of Policing guidance on outcomes in police misconduct proceedings 2022 Guidance Note 9 to the Police Staff Council England and Wales Handbook for staff employed under its provisions This guidance is not statutory and does not alter statutory provisions or replace terms of employment or appointment. As professionals in policing, we will strive to follow this guidance. Being a member of the policing profession We recognise that, as a result of being part of the policing profession, higher expectations are placed on us compared to the general public. As policing professionals, more attention is likely to be drawn to any misuse of our position or any failure to meet the expectations of our profession. We uphold and promote the reputation of the police service by acting lawfully and in a way that demonstrates fairness and respect, policing with integrity, trust, confidence and legitimacy (in line with the College of Policing leadership standards). The public interest and trust Our high expectations demand that we: think about how our