any other form of intimate sample, except in the case of a sample of urine, the sample may be taken from a person only by— a registered medical practitioner; or a registered health care professional.” In section 65 of the 1984 Act (interpretation of Part 5 of that Act), in subsection (1) after the definition of “registered dentist” there shall be inserted— ““registered health care professional” means a person (other than a medical practitioner) who is— a registered nurse; or a registered member of a health care profession which is designated for the purposes of this paragraph by an order made by the Secretary of State;”. After that subsection, there shall be inserted— “(1A) A health care profession is any profession mentioned in section 60(2) of the Health Act 1999 (c. 8) other than the profession of practising medicine and the profession of nursing. (1B) An order under subsection (1) shall be made by statutory instrument and shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” Extension of role of health care professionals In subsection (4) of section 7 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (constable to decide if specimen is of blood or urine) for the words from “shall be decided” onwards there Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 113 shall be substituted “ and, in the case of a specimen of blood, the question who is to be asked to take it shall be decided (subject to subsection (4A)) by the constable making the requirement ”. After that subsection there shall be inserted— “(4A) Where a constable decides for the purposes of subsection (4) to require the provision of a specimen of blood, there shall be no requirement to provide such a specimen if— the medical practitioner who is asked to take the specimen is of the opinion that, for medical reasons, it cannot or should not be taken; or the registered health care professional who is asked to take it is of that opinion and there is no contrary opinion from a medical practitioner; and, where by virtue of this subsection there can be no requirement to provide a specimen of blood, the constable may require a specimen of urine instead.” In subsection (2) of section 11 of that Act (interpretation of sections 3A to 10 of that Act), after the definition of “prescribed limit” there shall be inserted— ““registered health care professional” means a person (other than a medical practitioner)