authorities within an LRF area to co-operate with each other when performing their duties under section 4 of the Act1.6 The purpose of this requirement is to ensure that local authorities within an LRF area deliver a coherent programme of advice and assistance to organisations undertaking commercial activities in their communities. 8.43. This co-operation may take place bilaterally or within a single forum. Whatever form this co-operation takes, authorities will need to take steps to ensure that: o the message they are giving out is consistent; o the means of delivery are co-ordinated where appropriate; o external partners are not unduly burdened; and o lessons are identified and learned and best practice is shared. 8.44. The BCM promotion programme in an LRF area should be driven by the needs of local organisations, not local authoritiesÕ administrative boundaries. Organisations in an LRF area will often operate across local authority boundaries, hence the importance of delivering a co-ordinated message with promotional or awareness- raising work. 8.45. Local authorities will also want to consider the need to adopt a coherent approach to the provision of specific advice and assistance where this is requested. 16 regulation 41(1) Co-ordination with other Category 1 respondersÕ work 8.46. The duty to provide advice and assistance in relation to BCM falls on local authorities, but this does not mean that other Category 1 responders should not support these programmes. 8.47. A number of other Category 1 responders are already engaged in providing BCM advice. This work should be supported and encouraged by local authorities as part of the wider promotion programme under the Act. 8.48. The Regulations require local authorities to have regard to the business continuity assistance work other Category 1 responders are doing in the community.17 In practice, this means that local authorities are required to develop an awareness of the business continuity work other Category 1 responders undertake with organisations, and consider the implications of this work for their own business continuity advice and assistance programmes. 8.49. This will help local authorities to ensure that programmes complement other work. Local authorities should take steps to ensure that their BCM advice and assistance programmes dovetail with work undertaken by other Category 1 responders, that synergies are exploited, and that they work collaboratively where possible. The Regulations additionally provide that local authorities need not unnecessarily duplicate the work done by other responders with local organisations.18 17 regulation 43(1) 18 regulation 43(1)(b) PAGE 18 8.50. Furthermore, BCM awareness material will address public sector response arrangements and risk profiles, which will require the collaboration of other Category 1 responders. It is, therefore, important that local authorities have access to the right information and advice to inform their promotion strategies, and that the assumptions they make about other Category 1 respondersÕ response arrangements are accurate. The Regulations impose a duty on all Category 1 and 2 responders to co-operate and share information on request pursuant to local authoritiesÕ duties under section 4 of the Act.19 8.51. This co-operation may take