Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (c. 52) (right peacefully to picket a work place); but it shall include power to vary or withdraw a direction previously given under this section. Any person who knowingly [F89fails to comply with a requirement in a direction given to him under this section (other than a requirement under subsection (4)(b))] shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term 34 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale, or to both. [F90(7A) Any person to whom a constable has given a direction including a requirement under subsection (4)(b) commits an offence if he— returns to the vicinity of the premises in question within the period specified in the direction beginning with the date on which the direction is given; and does so for the purpose described in subsection (1)(b). (7B) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (7A) shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale, or to both. (7C) In relation to an offence committed before the commencement of section 281(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (alteration of penalties for summary offences), the reference in subsection (7B) to 51 weeks is to be read as a reference to 6 months.] F91. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In this section “dwelling” has the same meaning as in Part 1 of the Public Order Act 1986 (c. 64). [F9242A Offence of harassment etc. of a person in his home A person commits an offence if— that person is present outside or in the vicinity of any premises that are used by any individual (“the resident”) as his dwelling; that person is present there for the purpose (by his presence or otherwise) of representing to the resident or another individual (whether or not one who uses the premises as his dwelling), or of persuading the resident or such another individual— that he should not do something that he is entitled or required to do; or that he should do something that he is not under any obligation to do; that person— intends his presence to amount to the harassment of, or