decision on the matter once it has been taken. (4) Where a review partnerÑ (a) notifies the Secretary of State that the review partner is under a duty to arrange a review under section 24 of a death, but (b) before the review starts to take place, decides that the review partner is not under that duty in respect of that death (see section 24(3) and (4)), the review partner must notify the Secretary of State of that decision. (5) Where a review under section 24 of a death is discontinued because the review partner considers that a condition mentioned in section 24(1)(a) to (c) is not satisfied in relation to the death (see section 24(3)), the review partner must notify the Secretary of State. (6) Where a review partnerÑ (a) notifies the Secretary of State that the review partner is not under a duty to arrange a review under section 24 of a death, but (b) afterwards decides that the review partner is under that duty in respect of that death, the review partner must notify the Secretary of State of that decision. (7) For the purposes of this section, a review partner becomes aware of qualifying circumstances in relation to a personÕs death if the review partner becomes aware of such facts as make it likely thatÑ (a) the conditions mentioned in section 24(1)(a) and (b) are satisfied in relation to the death, and (b) the review partner is one of the relevant review partners in respect of the death. (8) In this section Òthe notification periodÓ, in relation to notification by a review partner, means the period of one month beginning with the day on which the review partner becomes aware of qualifying circumstances in relation to the death in question. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 33 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 2 Ð Offensive weapons homicide reviews Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 28 Conduct of review (1) Where a review under section 24 of a personÕs death takes place, the review partners that arranged it must co-operate in and contribute to the carrying out of the review. (2) The purposes of a review under section 24 areÑ (a) to identify the lessons to be learnt from the death, and (b) to consider whether it would be appropriate for anyone to take action in respect of those lessons learned. (3) Where the review partners consider that it would be appropriate for a person to take action as mentioned in subsection (2)(b), they must inform that