appointed and co-opted members of the panel (when taken together) have the skills, knowledge and experience necessary for the police and crime panel to discharge its functions effectively. 192 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) [F206Duty to produce panel with fire and rescue expertise 32A (1) Sub-paragraph (2) applies in relation to a police and crime panel for a police area ifÑ (a) a fire and rescue authority is created by an order under section 4A of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, and (b) the area of the fire and rescue authority is the same as, or falls within, the police area. (2) Each person listed in sub-paragraph (3)Ñ (a) must consider whether the person could exercise a function conferred on the person by or by virtue of this Schedule to enable the fire and rescue expertise objective to be met or to contribute to that objective being met, and (b) if the person considers that the person could exercise such a function to that end, must do so. (3) Those persons areÑ (a) the panel, (b) a relevant local authority, and (c) the Secretary of State. (4) The Òfire and rescue expertise objectiveÓ referred to in this paragraph is the objective that members of the panel (when taken together) have the skills, knowledge and experience necessary for the panel effectively to discharge its functions in relation to the fire and rescue authority.] Duty to nominate elected mayor to be a member of the panel 33 (1) This paragraph applies ifÑ (a) a local authority has a mayor and cabinet executive, and (b) the elected mayor of that executive is not a member of the relevant police and crime panel. (2) If the relevant local authority has power under paragraph 6(2), 7(2), 8(2) or (3) or 16(2) to nominate one or more of its councillors to be members of that panel, any exercise of that power must be such as to secure that the elected mayor is the councillor, or one of the councillors, so nominated. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 193 (3) If the Secretary of State is required by paragraph 10(2), 16(4)(b) or 18(2) to nominate one or more persons to be members of that panel, the Secretary of State must secure that the elected mayor is the person, or one of the persons, so nominated. (4) The duty in sub-paragraph (2) or (3) does not