twenty (4.2%) of those who suspected they had been spiked said they thought this was using an injection (Davies et al. 2024). Three in ten (29.5%) people completing a survey of Berlin night time economy users reported having high or very high levels of fear that they would be spiked via a needle, with this "gure being higher for women than for men (Bendau et al., 2023) As awareness of this problem arose quickly and unexpectedly, this article brings together information from di#erent sources and analyses new empirical data (FOI data and a small number of victim interviews), supplemented by media commentary and o!cial responses including a Parliamentary Inquiry. Due to extremely limited existing research on needle spiking (a review of 87 articles on spiking by Burrell et al. (2023) found only one reference to needle spiking in one article) this paper is presented in an exploratory style Ð bringing together a picture of what happened rather than in a traditional journal article layout. As feminist social scientists teaching students about violence and abuse, we were being educated about this emerging problem from our own students in Ôreal timeÕ as they described to us what they were seeing on a night out. In turn, we attempted to research the problem in real time to understand what was happening. The purpose of the article is to document what is known about needle spiking and to identify how this might improve policing and research on spiking in the UK. We describe the research approach "rst, then outline what we learnt about the nature and extent of the problem from both our empirical data and from the supplementary sources. We then present our "ndings framed as "ndings that could be taken forward in considering new research and police responses to all forms of spiking. Research approach Two research methods were used to collect the empirical data. First, we used Freedom of Information requests to identify the nature and extent of needle spiking reported to UK police forces. Second, we used interviews to explore the experiences of people who suspected they had been a victim of needle spiking. The empirical data collection was supplemented by information coming from a Parliamentary Inquiry and from "rst person narratives published in social or mainstream media. As additional context, but not used as data, our analysis is also informed by the "rst author's (Westmarland) advisory position on the Department for Education Spiking Working Group and her work with the College of Policing on rapid drug testing kits. Ethical approval was granted by Durham University Department of Sociology Research Ethics Committee. Freedom of Information requests have increased in popularity over the last "ve years as a relatively low-cost criminological research method (Westmarland and Bows 2019). We sent a Freedom of Information request to all UK police forces Ð 49 in total: the 43 territorial forces in England and Wales, the two national police forces in Scotland and Northern Ireland, and four specialist police forces (British Transport Police, Civil Nuclear