or she selects is available to attend. Where the provisions of this Code require the presence of an appropriate adult or an interpreter and no such person attends with the interviewee the person conducting the interview should, before commencing or restarting any interview, secure the attendance of such a person. 164. The person conducting the interview may be accompanied by a person to assist in handling documents and carrying out such other support tasks as will assist the person conducting the interview to perform his duties. Such a person has no power to require the interviewee to do anything and need not disclose their name or address provided a record of these is made by the person conducting the interview. 165. If the person conducting the interview has any suspicion, or is told in good faith, that a person is or appears to be (without clear evidence to the contrary): • under eighteen years of age; • has a mental disorder; or • is mentally vulnerable or has a learning disability such that they are incapable of understanding the significance of what is said, of questions or of their replies, that person must not be interviewed unless an appropriate adult is present. The appropriate adult 166. In this Code the appropriate adult means: (a) in the case of a juvenile: (i) his or her parent or guardian (or, if the juvenile is in care a member of staff of the care authority/agency or voluntary organisation. The term Ôin careÕ is used in this Code to cover all cases in which a juvenile is Ôlooked afterÕ by a local authority under the terms of the Children Act 1989 or the Children (NI) Order 1995); (ii) a social worker; (i) (iii) failing either of the above, another responsible adult aged 18 or over who is not a member of staff of the Agency or any law enforcement or prosecuting body. (b) in the case of a person who has a mental disorder, is mentally vulnerable or has a learning disability: (i) a relative, guardian or other person responsible for his or her care and custody; (ii) someone who has experience of working in the field of mental health and/or learning disability but who is not a member of staff of the appropriate officerÕs employer or any law enforcement or prosecuting body (such as an approved m e n t a l h e a l t h p r o f e s s i o n a l as defined by the Mental Health Act 1983 or the Mental Health (NI) Order 1986, a specialist social worker or a community psychiatric nurse); or (iii) failing either of the above, some other responsible adult aged 18 or over who is not a member of staff of the appropriate officerÕs employer or any law enforcement or prosecuting body. 167. A person, including a parent or guardian, must not be an appropriate adult if they are suspected of involvement in the unlawful conduct to