in many cases they are not found in the possession of a person or possession cannot be proved. In other cases it would be inappropriate to refer to the police (self harm, for example). The number of referrals was estimated using a variety of information, including: * Published numbers of adjudications for possession of an unauthorised article and actual numbers of offensives weapons used in assaults to make inferences about the likely range of referrals to the police for possession of an offensive weapon; * Data on the circumstances in which weapons were found, how many were attributable to prisoners, and the type of weapon found; * Data on the differential referral rates of different incident and weapon types and using operational experience to indicate the likely percentages that might be referred and latest data on referrals and prosecutions for existing offence of possession of a mobile phone in prison. Currently offences involving possession of weapons are dealt with using the prison disciplinary system. There is no specific disciplinary offence for possession of weapons Ð it is recorded under Ôpossession of an unauthorised itemÕ which includes a large range of other items in addition to weapons. It is therefore not possible to estimate numbers of cases that might be referred to the police using just disciplinary system records. Instead, over 60,000 records from the national Incident Reporting System (IRS) were analysed in 2013 to identify those which might be captured by the new offence. The vast majority of cases where weapons are found in prison will be recorded on IRS. Over 1,100 records involving weapons were identified and examined in detail, to screen out: those that could not be attributable to an individual; those that might not result in a referral to the police (for example, because the weapon was used in self harm only); or those in which the weapon was part of an incident (such as assault) already referred to the police. In arriving at the estimated number of referrals, the following assumptions were made: * The knife/offensive weapon found must be attributable to an individual prisoner for referral to be considered. * Referral rates will vary depending on the nature/type of the weapon as some are more dangerous than others. * It is estimated that 80% of cases involving a knife/bladed weapon would be referred to police, but fewer (20%) of other offensive weapons would be referred; * If a more serious offence could be attributed to a case of possession (i.e. offences where weapons were found which related to assault, arson, hostage-taking etc), then that offence would be used in pursuit of prosecution. * Where Ôimprovised weaponÕ or Ôhome made weaponÕ was mentioned in an incident report we assumed that half would be treated as knife/blade related weapons with an 80% referral rate. The key sensitivity with the above is the percentage of cases that would be referred to the police. The volume of referrals is highly uncertain and estimates are based on the experience of