to the person at that address. (2) A notice under this Chapter to a body corporate may be issued to the secretary or clerk of that body. (3) A notice under this Chapter to a partnership may be issued to a partner or a person who has the control or management of the partnership business. (4) For the purposes of this section and of section 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 (service of documents by post) in its application to this section, the proper address of a person is the person's last known address, except thatÑ (a) in the case of a body corporate or its secretary or clerk, it is the address of the body's registered or principal office; (b) in the case of a partnership or person having the control or the management of the partnership business, it is the principal office of the partnership. (5) For the purposes of subsection (4) the principal office of a company registered outside the United Kingdom, or of a partnership carrying on business outside the United Kingdom, is its principal office within the United Kingdom. (6) If a person has specified an address in the United Kingdom, other than the person's proper address within the meaning of subsection (4), as the one at which the person or someone on the person's behalf will accept notices of the same description as a notice under this Chapter, that address is also treated for the purposes of this section and section 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 as the person's proper address. 32 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 56 Guidance (1) The Secretary of State may issueÑ (a) guidance to chief officers of police about the exercise, by officers under their direction or control, of those officers' functions under this Chapter; (b) guidance to local authorities about the exercise of their functions under this Chapter and those of persons designated under section 53(1)(c). (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published. 57 Interpretation of Chapter 1 In this ChapterÑ ÒconductÓ includes a failure to act; Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council for an area for which there is no district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles