on senior management engagement). Some responders may need help in engaging their senior managers. 13.1. 13.23. 13.24 13.25. 13.26. When earlier attempts to support an organisation have been rebuffed, a Local Resilience Forum may need to challenge rather than support that organisation. However, representatives of the LRF must take care to ensure that their approach is not counter-productive; an approach based on influencing and persuading is likely to be more effective than one based on a command and control approach as the relationship is essentially one of co-operation. See paragraphs 13.24 and 13.25 for information about escalating issues. Formally requesting action on behalf of the LRF Sometimes a more formal approach is needed, particularly when urgent action is needed to resolve issues and when less formal support and challenge has failed. The members of the LRF can do this collectively through the chair or secretariat. If a formal approach, usually in written form outlining what action is required and by when, proves necessary, the LRF members will set a deadline for action to be taken and monitor the response to the request and the responseÕs impact. This will inform the next steps and the decision on whether it needs to de-escalate the issue, intervene further, or escalate the issue. Triggers for escalating and de-escalating issues It is important that issues are addressed at the most appropriate level. All members of the resilience community must take responsibility for ensuring that an issue is referred to the appropriate person, team or organisation in a timely proportionate manner. Support from Department of Communities and Local Government Resilience and Emergencies Division (DCLG RED) in England 13.27. The Resilience and Emergencies Division helps responders identify for themselves the risks they face, mitigate those risks, and manage the impact of risks that materialise, including through liaison with central government departments. See Chapter 16: Collaboration and Cooperation between Local Resilience Forums in England 13.28. The Resilience and Emergencies Division will: o act as a critical friend, question rationales, suggest alternatives, share good practice and support local planning activities; o provide a support mechanism Ð helping local partners develop an appropriate response capability, brokering advance mutual aid agreements between areas; o make links between local responders and the lead government departments; o supporting cross boundary strategies, protocols and procedures whilst ensuring a close fit with both the needs of Government in a national emergency and the needs of the local responders; and o support local and national exercising - helping to ensure lessons learnt are effectively shared across the relevant partnership. o Support from Welsh Government Resilience Team in Wales 13.29. The Welsh Government Resilience Team fulfils a similar role in Wales to that undertaken by DCLG RED in England. Additionally, the team: o supports local and cross-LRF activities and leads on all-Wales co-ordination; o acts as a link between LRFs through representation on the forums and their supporting co-ordinating groups; o facilitates all-Wales capabilities groups which bring together the relevant LRF sub-group Chairs; o works in conjunction