or outer, labia, with or without removal of the clitoris. Type 4 Ð Other: all other harmful procedures to the female genitalia for non-medical purposes, e.g. pricking, piercing, incising, scraping and cauterising the genital area. FGM has been documented as taking place in 28 countries in Africa and is found in Middle Eastern and Asian countries. UNICEF estimates that 125 million women and girls globally have undergone FGM and that 3 million girls in Africa are at risk each year. It is also found in migrant communities worldwide including the UK. A very recent prevalence study interim report published by City University, London and Equality Now5 that an estimated 137,000 women and girls with FGM, born in countries where FGM is practiced, were permanently resident in England and Wales in 2011. Over half of the women aged 15 Ð 49 years with FGM, 53,000 were born in countries with almost universal Type III FGM. From 1996 Ð 2010, 144,000 girls were born in England and Wales to mothers from FGM practicing countries. We know that girls born to mothers with FGM are at high risk of undergoing FGM. It is believed that the majority of girls undergo FGM between the 0 -15 years, although is known to be practised outside this age range with older women who are married e.g. re-infibulation following 4 Prior to 3rd May 2015 the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 referred to Ôpermanent united Kingdom residentsÕ. This was extended to Ôhabitual United Kingdom residentsÕ by s70 Serious Crime Act 2015. 5 http://www.equalitynow.org/sites/default/files/FGM%20EN%20City%20Estimates.pdf childbirth and women who are forced to undergo FGM by their husband and/or his female family members. The type and degree of FGM practiced and the reasons that cultures and communities so practices vary. However it appears that many practice FGM because of out-dated notions of honour, perceived culture and/or religious practices and for some communities it is driven by superstition and myth. That said no religion or faith condones FGM. As with other forms of Honour Based Violence, FGM is initiated to control female autonomy and sexuality and is linked to coming of age, purity, virginity, chastity, marriageability and fidelity with a clear connection to the individualÕs honour and therefore the familyÕs honour. A girl who has not undergone FGM may face stigma, discrimination and accusations about perceived promiscuity, bringing shame to herself and her family thereby presenting other risks. In some communities, FGM is regarded as being necessary and even desirable to preserve a womanÕs sexuality for later marriage and to reduce the likelihood of promiscuity before properly consummated marriage. Given the multi-cultural mix within the United Kingdom, it is believed that hundreds of young women and children from minority ethnic communities have been or are still being forcibly subjected to FGM and it is accordingly regarded as an extreme form of Domestic and Child Abuse. In Wiltshire, if the FGM is believed to have taken place on a female under the age of 18 it will be investigated by the Child