locks to bring them to the standards covered in PAS 24 (2016) or the most up to date version of that standard. Dependent upon the vulnerability of these to attack, consideration may need to be given to fitting grilles or bars. 2.42 When firearms are stored in such a garage, and the premises are alarmed, that alarm should include the garage. 2.43 Ideally, the firearms cabinet should be located as far as possible from the garage vehicle door. 2.44 The cabinet should be obscured from open view, preferably by enclosure in an unobtrusive screening device (e.g. a chest, locker etc.). 2.45 The certificate holder should be advised to access the cabinet only when the outer doors are closed. Ammunition 2.46 Ammunition for section 1 firearms must be kept secure. As a matter of best practice it should be stored in its own individual secure storage, e.g. an integral, lockable compartment within a gun cabinet. Although secure storage of shotgun cartridges is not a requirement of the Firearms Acts, it is sensible to recommend that they should be locked away for both security and safety, especially where there are children in the house. 2.47 Although ammunition is not a serious fire hazard, it is advisable that ammunition containers are not in an area exposed to a risk of fire, nor should they be in the area of an escape route where there is a fire risk. 2.48 If there is any doubt on the safety or method of intended storage, the Explosives Liaison Officer may be consulted. This is also recommended in the case where a private certificate holder intends to keep reloading articles such as gunpowder, primers or large quantities of cartridges etc. 2.1 Private Collections of Section 1 and Section 2 Firearms 2.49 In the case of private collections, the provisions of this Part of this document should be employed with due regard to the individual circumstances of the collector and the collection. Where the collection includes any section 5 weapons, reference must be made to Part 6, Private Collections and Collections on Public Display. Section 5 Firearms and Other Articles Requiring Section 5 Authority 2.50 Where any section 5 firearm is held in a dwelling, the provisions of Level 3 security should be applied. 2.51 The alarm system should include personal attack facilities for the safety of the occupants to BS EN 50131 and protected by an intruder alarm to BS4737 3.30:2015 or equivalent and ideally monitored by a NSI monitoring centre with an appropriate response. Exceptions 2.52 Where up to two small firearms are held by virtue of section 7(1) of F(A)A1997, Level 2 security should be considered, commensurate with the risk involved. 2.53 Note that the security considerations for expanding pistol ammunition held by virtue of F(A)A1997 should be the same as in paragraphs 2.46 to 2.48 above. 2.54 Ammunition held as part of a collection should be subject to normal security provisions as in paragraphs 2.46 to 2.47 above. 2.55 Shot Pistols possessed for vermin