under section 295(2) made by a magistrates' court in England and Wales or Northern Ireland. A senior officer may give a notice for the purpose of forfeiting the cash or any part of it if satisfied that the cash or part— is recoverable property, or is intended by any person for use in unlawful conduct. The Secretary of State must make regulations about how a notice is to be given. The regulations may provide— for a notice to be given to such person or persons, and in such manner, as may be prescribed; for a notice to be given by publication in such manner as may be prescribed; for circumstances in which, and the time at which, a notice is to be treated as having been given. The regulations must ensure that where a notice is given it is, if possible, given to every person to whom notice of an order under section 295(2) in respect of the cash has been given. A senior officer means— an officer of Revenue and Customs of a rank designated by the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs as equivalent to that of a senior police officer, a senior police officer, or an accredited financial investigator. 88 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A senior police officer means a police officer of at least the rank of inspector. A notice under this section is referred to in this Chapter as a forfeiture notice. 297B Content A forfeiture notice must— state the amount of cash in respect of which it is given, state when and where the cash was seized, confirm that the senior officer is satisfied as mentioned in section 297A(2), specify a period for objecting to the proposed forfeiture and an address to which any objections must be sent, and explain that the cash will be forfeited unless an objection is received at that address within the period for objecting. The period for objecting must be at least 30 days starting with the day after the notice is given. 297C Effect This section applies if a forfeiture notice is given in respect of any cash. The cash is to be detained until— the cash is forfeited under this section, the notice lapses under this section, or the cash is released under a power conferred by this Chapter. If no objection is made within the period for objecting, and the notice has not lapsed, the cash is forfeited (subject to section 297E). If an objection is made within the period