conduct element of the offence comprises of the following elements: a person must do an unauthorised act to a computer (as defined in section 17(8) of the CMA); and, that unauthorised act must result, whether directly or indirectly, in serious damage to the economy, the environment, national security or human welfare, or create a significant risk of such damage. 10. The mental element of the offence comprises of two distinct elements. The first is that, in relation to the unauthorised act, the defendant must know that the act he or she does is unauthorised (section 3ZA(1)(b) of the CMA). The second element relates to the consequences, the defendant will have intended to cause 1. harm (that is serious damage to the economy, environment, human welfare or national security) or have been reckless as to whether such harm was caused. Section 42: Obtaining articles for purposes relating to computer misuse 11. This section amends the offence of making, supplying or obtaining articles (that is Òhacker toolsÓ or malware) for use in an offence under section 1, 3 or 3ZA of the CMA. 12. Before this amendment, the prosecution was required to show that the individual obtained a tool (i.e. malware) with a view to its being supplied for use to commit, or assist in the commission of an offence under section 1 or 3 of the CMA. In other words the offence requires the involvement (or intended involvement) of a third party. 13. Section 42 extends the section 3A offence so that it also covers obtaining a tool for use to commit a section 1 or 3 or the new section 3ZA offence, regardless of an intention to supply that tool and therefore extends the existing offence to capture the personal use of tools to commit computer misuse offences. This removes the requirement of the involvement, or intended involvement, of a third party and ensures that the offence covers individuals acting alone. Section 43: Territorial scope of computer misuse offence 14. Section 43 extends the existing territorial scope of offences in the CMA by adding ÒnationalityÓ to the categories of Òsignificant link to the domestic jurisdictionÓ in section 5 of the CMA. This provides a legal basis to prosecute a UK national who commits any section 1 to 3A offence whilst outside the UK, where the offence has no link to the UK other than the offender?s nationality, provided that the offence was also an offence in the country where it took place. The extended extra-territorial jurisdiction arrangements also apply to conspiracy or attempt to commit offences under the CMA (section 6 and 7 of the CMA in 1. relation to inchoate offences). To prevent individuals potentially being prosecuted twice Ð outside and then inside the UK Ð double jeopardy applies in case of concurrent jurisdiction. Section 44: Savings 15. Section 44 clarifies section 10 of the CMA. Section 10 of the CMA contained a savings provision whereby criminal investigations by law enforcement agencies did not fall foul of the offences