disputes of liability/representations, to ensure that decisions are seen to be impartial. It is good practice for all disputes or representations to be considered by the service manager (or equivalent) who has delegated authority to consider them. All such disputes or representations should be addressed to them, and not the person that issued the penalty notice. 11N.4 Enforcing authorities should ensure that only fully trained staff make decisions on disputes of liability or representations against civil penalty notices, and should be clear on which officers have the authority to cancel penalty notices. Officers dealing with disputes of liability or formal representations against a civil penalty notice should be familiar with all aspects of environmental offences enforcement, particularly the legal nature of the process, so that they can judge whether or not a representation falls within the statutory grounds or the authorityÕs guidelines for exceptional cases. 11N.5 Elected members and unauthorised staff should not play any part in deciding the outcome of individual challenges or representations. 11N.6 The process of considering disputes of liability, representations and appeals requires officers dealing with these aspects to be trained in the relevant legislation and how to apply it. They should be well versed in the collection, interpretation and 15 See in particular Part 4 of the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018 consideration of evidence; writing clear but concise case-specific responses to disputes of liability, enquiries and representations; presenting the authorityÕs case to adjudicators. 11N.7 Enforcement authorities have a duty not to fetter their discretion. They should approach the exercise of discretion objectively and without regard to any financial interest in the penalty or decisions that may have been taken at an earlier stage in proceedings. Authorities should formulate (with advice from their legal department) and then publish their policies on the exercise of discretion. They should apply these policies flexibly and judge each case on its own merits. An enforcement authority should be ready to depart from its policies if the particular circumstances of the case warrant it. 11N.8 It is in the interests of the authority and the individual to resolve any dispute at the earliest possible stage. Authorities should take account of the enforcement officerÕs actions in issuing the fixed penalty notice but should always give disputes of liability and representations a fresh and impartial consideration. 11N.9 Authorities should ensure that their legal departments are involved in establishing a processing system that meets all the requirements of the law. They should also consult them about complex cases. Exercise of discretion 11N.10 The exercise of discretion should, in the main, rest with back office staff as part of considering disputes of liability, representations and appeals that are made to the enforcing authority. This is to protect enforcement officers from allegations of inconsistency, favouritism or suspicion of bribery. It also gives greater consistency in the enforcement of environmental offences regulations. 11N.11 However, the enforcing authority may wish to set out certain situations when an enforcement officer should exercise a