it out (called ‘mediation’ or ‘alternative dispute resolution’) make a claim in a court or tribunal Contact the Equality Advisory Support Service for help and advice. Discrimination at work Employees should talk to their employer first to try and sort out the problem informally. You may also want to read about workplace disputes. If things cannot be sorted out informally, talk to Acas, Citizens Advice or a trade union representative. You might be able to take a claim to an employment tribunal for discrimination. Related content Solve a workplace dispute Definition of disability under the Equality Act 2010 Disability rights Report hate crime Reporting an accessibility problem on a public sector website Check if you can get legal aid to help with your legal costs if you think you’ve been discriminated against. You can get advice from Civil Legal Advice if you’re eligible. Employers must follow the law on preventing discrimination at work. Previous Discrimination at work View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Disability rights and the Equality Act 2010 Work and disabled people Your rights at work and trade unions THE POLICE RESPONSE TO CRIMEi Megan O’Neill, University of Salford INTRODUCTION Nostalgia is a fun thing. When one thinks of the past, especially a past too far away to have experienced first-hand, all mistakes of the time are forgotten, details neatly smoothed over and all the answers to modern predicaments lay apparent. So this seems to be the case when politicians and policy-makers think of 1829, Sir Robert Peel and his Bobbies. ‘Policing by consent’, it was. Friendly constables, never distracted by squawking radios, never speeding by in police cars, would wander amiably around their patch. They would get to know everyone in their area, have access to all pertinent ‘intelligence’ (in modern terms) and could probably see off a good deal of trouble before it began. They were trusted, respected and a perfect model of community engagement. Then lo, the bad times came in the form of the 20th century. The police were a reactionary, distant and forceful institution. Police constables changed their ‘patch’ as frequently as their radio batteries. The public was an unknown entity to police and of which to be wary. Patrolling was done from the safety of the squad car and ‘community engagement’ largely involved getting information out of paid informants, themselves dubious characters. Corruption scandals erupted on both sides of the Atlantic; encouraging performance targets and accountability measures, which deepened the bureaucratisation of the institution. While this became a new management age in policing, the poor, ignored, marginalized and discarded communities lamented the loss of the their Bobbies; the blue sentinels that had stood firm and had signified to them (if not in words then in their being) that it was 6 o’clock and all was well. Obviously, the above is an exaggeration of both scenarios. The political reasons for the origin of the Bobbies and their initial remits are of continuing debate