the procedure for raising issues or concerns about development needs or professional competence for a contracted employee. Independent custody visitors Independent custody visitors (ICVs) are volunteers. Their role is to attend police stations to check on the treatment of detainees and the conditions in which they are held and also to establish that their rights are being observed. This protects both detainees and the custody staff, and provides reassurance to the community at large. Responsibility for organising and overseeing the delivery of independent custody visiting lies with PCCs, in consultation with chief constables. ICVs may visit police stations at any time and must be given immediate access to all custody areas unless doing so would place them in danger. A custody officer may delay but not deny access. A full explanation must be given for any delay, which the ICV records in their report. Where a custody officer reasonably believes the visitor may be in danger, or that access could interfere with the process of justice, an inspector (or higher ranked officer) may legally limit or deny the ICV access to a specific detainee. Any such decision must be recorded in the detainee’s custody record. For further information see: PACE Code C, Notes for Guidance 1F The Independent Custody Visiting Association Home Office (2013) Code of Practice on Independent Custody Visiting Outline of protocols for ICVs Training and learning Forces must ensure that all staff working in the custody suite are fully trained and operationally competent in their role before being appointed or allocated tasks. All custody staff have responsibility for detainees in custody. In addition to formal training, staff retain individual responsibility for their own professional and personal development. Police custody training should systematically incorporate lessons learnt as a consequence of deaths and adverse incidents that occur. Learning standards and materials relevant to the work of the custody suite are available from the NPC in many areas including: custody first aid personal safety mental health Forces should use qualified trainers and assessors who have relevant experience. Trainers must be operationally competent and should maintain that competency. Following the delivery of formal, structured custody training, the practice of shadowing experienced members of staff is recommended as an effective means of improving staff competence prior to starting work in the custody suite. Forces should also pay due regard to: IOPC Learning the lessons bulletins HM Inspectorate of Prisons (HMIP) and HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) Expectations for Police Custody Custody training checklist All police officers and staff working in a custody suite must receive training which meets the standards as set out in the NPC before they commence their role and undertake refresher training while in post. Custody managers should identify the training requirements for existing staff through a training needs analysis as part of the annual personal development review process. Designated and contracted staff must be adequately trained and able to undertake their role within custody. All police officers who work in operational roles, and