professionals and others seeking to help them. Guidance on forced marriage is published on GOV.UK. On forced marriage, the multi-agency practice guidelines have specific sections for children’s social care and education professionals and teachers, providing clear advice to practitioners to help inform an effective response to safeguard children who may be at risk of forced marriage. This guidance is referenced in Keeping Children Safe in Education.51 The multi-agency practice guidelines make clear throughout the 51 In Wales, guidance for local authorities and governing bodies on arrangements for safeguarding children is under Keeping Learners Safe. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance importance of the ‘one chance rule’: that someone may only have one opportunity to speak to a victim or potential victim and may possibly only have one chance to save a life. Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) FGM is a form of violence against women and girls which is both a cause and consequence of gender inequality.52 It typically occurs within the context of ‘honour’- based abuse. As FGM is generally inflicted upon children, the Government considers it to be a type of child abuse.53 However, it is also carried out on women for a variety of reasons such as giving a woman social acceptance before marriage or ensuring her chastity. Whilst FGM may be an isolated incident of abuse within a family, it can be associated with other behaviours that discriminate against, limit or harm women and girls. These may include other forms of ‘honour’-based abuse and domestic abuse. A Female Genital Mutilation Protection Order (FGMPO)54 is a civil order which may be made for the purposes of protecting a girl or woman against the commission of an FGM offence – that is, protecting against the risk of FGM or providing protection where an FGM offence has been committed. Further information can be found in the statutory guidance on FGM and in the FGM resource pack. Perpetrator tactics There is never any justification for perpetrating domestic abuse and although the perpetrator and others may blame the victim for causing their behaviour, it is never the victim’s fault. Some perpetrators do not recognise that their behaviour constitutes domestic abuse, however, all perpetrators are responsible for their behaviour and should be held accountable for it. A desire to exert power and control is commonly recognised as the key motive for perpetrators. Younger males are more likely to be perpetrators and there are multiple complex risk factors that can influence whether someone may perpetrate domestic abuse.55 Research highlights individual, interpersonal and community level risk factors, such as experience of child abuse, exposure to violence at home, neighbourhood deprivation and societal or cultural norms that condone violence and gender inequality.56 It is important to acknowledge that simply because an individual is exposed to any one of these risk factors, it does not necessarily mean they will experience or carry out domestic abuse. 52 World Health Organisation. Female genital mutilation: 2020. 53 NHS Digital. Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) Annual Report – April 2020 to March