or disorder having an impact on the personÕs ability to communicate (Section 16 Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999). In practice, the issue of whether or not a vulnerable adult understands truth and lies is only usually linked to adults with a learning disability. Achieving Best Evidence goes on to make it clear that Òthis is not an issue for all adult witnesses who have disabilities or a mental disorderÓ (paragraph 3.176). Truth and lies should certainly not feature in interviews with intimidated adult or significant witness interviews. Criminal Justice Act Declarations National guidance has consistently drawn a distinction between conducting an interview and preparing a statement (see for example, The Practical Guide to Investigative Interviewing, ACPO 2004). A statement is invariably the product of the process of interviewing. It may be that some interviewers who ask witnesses to read out the declaration at the beginning of Criminal Justice Act statement do so because they do not fully comprehend the distinction between the process of interviewing and what is often its product, an MG11. Interviewers who ask witnesses to read out the declaration at the beginning of Criminal Justice Act statement because they think it is necessary to do so either to render the evidence on the video-recording admissible or so that a prosecution can proceed if the witness is subsequently found to be lying may have an incomplete grasp of the legislation that underpins witness interviewing. Section 9 Criminal Justice Act 1967 provides for the admissibility of a written statement in lieu of oral evidence provided that certain conditions apply; these conditions include the requirement that the statement contains a declaration along the lines of the one featured on an MG11. Section 9 only applies to written statements; it does not apply to video-recordings. Interviews with witnesses are video-recorded for two reasons; with a view to playing them as evidence-in-chief as is the case for vulnerable or intimidated witnesses or for accuracy and integrity purposes as is the case with significant witnesses. Where a video is made for evidence in chief purposes the application for the admit the recording as evidence-in-chief is made under section 19 Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999, NOT under section 9 Criminal Justice Act 1967. There is no requirement in Section 19 Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act for a declaration. Where the witness is significant and the interview is video-recorded for accuracy and integrity purposes an MG11 is subsequently prepared from it and signed by the witness. In these circumstances, the MG11 is the witnessÕs evidence and the video-recording is unused material. The witness signs the declaration on the MG11 when the statement has been prepared after the interview; there is no requirement for a declaration on the video-recording. In any event it is not usual practice to ask a witness to sign a declaration at the beginning of any interview, whether video recorded or not, before a statement is prepared; the declaration is usually signed when the statement is prepared