can be used in so many policy arenas shows the flexibility of the concept, as well as its simplicity and vagueness. It is appealing because it touches on contemporary concerns with disorder and lawlessness. But as any police officer could attest, ‘zero tolerance’ in its truest form is impossible. There is no practical way to police every single infraction that occurs in an area or institution. Nor is this desirable. Therefore, the terminology appeals more to politicians than to police officers and is very significant for its symbolic value. It conveys a ‘mood’, or policy narrative, rather than a realistic operational plan. It is more a form of expressive crime control, rather than effective crime control. Its power is in the image it conveys, rather than any actual police action (Newburn and Jones 2007). PROBLEM ORIENTATED POLICING One final policing method will be discussed, and this also touches on the issues of police effectiveness and efficiency. Like many of the others discussed so far in this chapter, it was an outcome of the call for an end to reactive policing that treated all incidents in isolation from each other. Problem orientated policing (POP) is often assumed to be the same as community orientated policing, but they are different in significant ways. The main underlying principle in problem orientated policing is to look for the root cause of problems in an area that result in multiple calls to the police. If the source of the problems was addressed, then there would be an overall reduction or end to calls for police services. These calls can seem unrelated to each other, but may all stem from the same basic issue. For example, if an apartment complex is experiencing physical and social deterioration, multiple incidents may result such as burglary, vandalism, anti-social behaviour of residents, maybe even drug dealing. If the police stop reacting to each incident in turn and instead work with local residents and the building’s owner/manager to improve the conditions, then all the seemingly unrelated incidents might end. This makes for a more efficient use of police time and resources (Brogden and Nijhar 2005). There has been a increasing sense in recent years that the demands on the police far exceed their resources, and problem orientated policing is seen as one way to address this (Tilley 2003). The key difference here between problem orientated policing and community policing is that the former focuses on the problem to be solved, while the latter focuses on the means. POP takes each situation in isolation and uses a range of options for solving the identified problems. Community policing is instead a force-wide agenda that (in theory) is the preserve of all officers and often employs the same kinds of approaches to all situations (such as public meetings). The community must be consulted and the police are to be lead by their concerns. Thus the process by which problems in an area are identified and solved through community policing is vital as it can