This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (e) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; or (f) the chief constable of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Constabulary; Òrelevant forceÓ meansÑ (a) any police force for a police area in Great Britain; (b) the Police Service of Northern Ireland; (c) the National Criminal Intelligence Service; (d) the National Crime Squad; (e) the British Transport Police Force; or (f) the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority Constabulary; ÒUnited Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority ConstabularyÓ has the same meaning as in section 2 above.Ó 79 Disciplinary matters (1) After section 3 of the Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 (c. 4) there shall be insertedÑ Ò3A Regulations relating to disciplinary matters (1) The Secretary of State shall by regulations made by statutory instrument establish, or make provision for the establishment of, procedures for cases in which a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may be dealt with by suspension, dismissal, requirement to resign, reduction in rank, reduction in rate of pay, fine, reprimand or caution. (2) The regulations may provideÑ (a) for decisions which would otherwise fall to be taken by the Secretary of State or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police to be taken insteadÑ (i) by a person or persons appointed in accordance with the regulations; or (ii) by the Ministry of Defence Police Committee; and (b) for decisions taken by or on behalf of the Secretary of State or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police to be reviewed by a person or persons appointed by or in accordance with the regulations. (3) In relation to any matter as to which provision may be made by regulations under this section, the regulations mayÑ (a) authorise or require provision to be made by, or confer discretionary powers on, the Secretary of State, the Ministry of Defence Police Committee, the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police or other persons; or (b) authorise or require the delegation by any person of functions conferred on that person by or under the regulations. (4) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.Ó (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 Ð The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are