data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, the power conferred by this section is to be taken into account), or (d) a disclosure of information that is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016. (5) Subsection (6) applies ifÑ (a) a disclosure of information under this section is also permitted by regulations under section 6(2) of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 or by section 115 of that Act (but is not also a disclosure under section 17A of that Act), and (b) a condition or limitation applies to a disclosure under those regulations or section 115 of that Act by virtue of such regulations. (6) The condition or limitation does not apply to the disclosure of information under this section. (7) This section does not otherwise affect any power to disclose information apart from this section. 17 Supply of information to local policing bodies (1) A local policing body may, for the purposes of enabling or assisting it to exercise its functions under section 14 in relation to an area, request any person listed in subsection (2) to supply it with such information as may be specified in the request. (2) Those persons areÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 23 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) a specified authority for that area; (b) an educational authority for that area; (c) a prison authority for that area; (d) a youth custody authority for that area. (3) Information requested under subsection (1) must be information that is held by the person to whom the request is made and that relates toÑ (a) the person to whom the request was made, (b) a function of the person to whom the request was made, or (c) a person in respect of whom a function is exercisable by the person requested to supply the information. (4) Subject to subsection (6), a person who is requested to supply information under subsection (1) must comply with the request. (5) A disclosure of information required by subsection (4) does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (6) But subsection (4) does not requireÑ (a) the disclosure of patient information, (b) the disclosure of personal information by a specified authority which is a health or social