prompt if you want to remove hidden information. Select ÔRemoveÕ Step 4: To complete the redaction process either close the document or save as - if you want Appendix B Find and remove hidden data and personal information with the Document Inspector You can use the Document Inspector to find and remove hidden data and personal information in Word documents. It is a good idea to use the Document Inspector before you share an electronic copy of your Word document, such as in an e-mail attachment. Important: It is recommended that you use the Document Inspector on a copy of your original document, because it is not always possible to restore the data that the Document Inspector removes. 1. Open the Word document that you want to inspect for hidden data and personal information. 2. Click the File tab, click Save As, and then type a name in the File name box to save a copy of your original document. 3. In the copy of your original document, click the File tab, and then click Info. 4. Click Check for Issues, and then click Inspect Document. 5. In the Document Inspector dialog box, select the check boxes to choose the types of hidden content that you want to be inspected. 6. Click Inspect. 7. Review the results of the inspection in the Document Inspector dialog box. 8. Click ÔRemove AllÕ next to the inspection results for the types of hidden content that you want to remove from your document. Important: If you remove hidden content from your document, you might not be able to restore it by clicking Undo. In Word, the Document Inspector displays several different Inspectors that allow you to find and remove hidden data and personal information that is specific to Word documents. For a list of the different types of hidden data and personal information that the Document Inspector can find and remove from Word documents, review the table below. Inspector name Finds and removes Comments, Revisions, Versions, and Annotations Comments Revision marks from tracked changes Document version information Ink annotations Document Properties and Personal Information Document properties, including information from the Summary, Statistics, and Custom tabs of the Document Properties dialog box E-mail headers Routing slips Send-for-review information Document server properties Document Management Policy information Content type information Databinding link information for databound fields (last value will be converted to text) User name Template name Headers, Footers, and Watermarks Information in document headers Information in document footers Watermarks Hidden Text Text that is formatted as hidden (a font effect that is available in the Font dialog box) Note: This Inspector cannot detect text that was hidden by other methods (for example, white text on a white background). Custom XML Data Custom XML data that might be stored within a document Invisible Content Objects that are not visible, because they have been formatted as invisible. Note: This Inspector cannot detect objects that are covered by other objects. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Information Management and Assurance