Any witness whose quality of evidence is likely to be diminished because they: o are suffering from a mental disorder (as defined by the Mental Health Act 1983); o have a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning; or o have a physical disability or are suffering from a physical disorder. Some disabilities are obvious, some are hidden. Witnesses may have a combination of disabilities. They may wish not to disclose the fact that they have a disability during initial and subsequent needs assessments. Different witnesses on the autistic spectrum may have very different needs. Section 17 of the act applies to witnesses who are in fear or distress at testifying in the case. The act provides that anyone eligible under s16 or s17 is eligible for Special Measures and makes provision for: • Screens for witnesses • Evidence given via video link • Use of intermediaries • Clearing of public galleries in court • Use of communication aids (e.g. alphabet boards, sign and signal boards, hearing loops) • Removal of wigs and gowns by Judges and barristers • Pre-trial court visit • In extreme cases officers will consider the need to involve witness protection officers to protect witnesses and their families. This is a specialist area of work and advice from the force lead should be taken if this to be considered an option. 6.6 Staff will update their activity in relation to Hate Crimes and Incidents, on Niche, by the end of their tour of duty. Where appropriate intelligence reports will be submitted. Ensure where appropriate partner activity is recorded on the Niche record. 6.7 Where the victim is Police, they must not be down as the Officer in Case on the niche occurrence, nor own the task. 6.8 Supervisors will review the activity undertaken by their staff upon attending a Hate Crime or Hate Incident, by the end of their shift. SAFEGUARDING 7.1 Staff allocated Hate Crimes and Hate Incidents for further investigation will ensure that they make contact with the victim and witnesses at the earliest opportunity, provide contact details and explain what will be happening next. This is to include Police staff. 7.2 In dealing with hate crimes/incidents relating to or involving a vulnerable person, officers should be mindful of the Three Strands of Vulnerability. The responsibility for completing the vulnerability assessment is with the initial attending officer. A person who is the victim of a hate crime or incident, particularly a repeat victim, may be impacted such that this may increase their likelihood of being vulnerable? ÒA person is vulnerable/at risk if as a result of their situation or circumstances they are unable to protect themselves from harm.Ó (see also Force Vulnerability Strategy) Strand 1: Adult - concern for safety Ð No PPD 1 or VRA is required to be completed Strand 2: Crime or ASB against vulnerable adults Ð Complete VRA Strand 3: Adults at risk - PPD1 to be completed. DO NOT complete a VRA Children (Under 18), who have come to