amended by the Adoption and Children Act 2002 to include, Òfor example, impairment suffered from seeing or hearing the ill-treatment of anotherÓ. Note on the use of ÔvictimÕ: The term ÔvictimÕ is used in this document to denote women or girls who have undergone FGM. This term is used particularly in the context of explanation of the law on FGM to describe those who have been the subject of a criminal offence. It should be noted that not everyone who has been subjected to FGM chooses to describe themselves as a ÔvictimÕ and may prefer another term, for example, ÔsurvivorÕ. Chapter 2: Understanding FGM This chapter provides information for heads of organisations and front-line professionals who have a statutory duty to protect children and vulnerable adults. Key points • FGM is illegal in the UK. For the purpose of the criminal law in England and Wales, FGM is mutilation of the labia majora, labia minor or clitoris. • FGM is an unacceptable practice for which there is no justification. It is child abuse and a form of violence against women and girls. • FGM is prevalent in 30 countries. These are concentrated in countries around the Atlantic coast to the Horn of Africa, in areas of the Middle East, and in some countries in Asia. • It is estimated that approximately 103,000 women aged 15-49 and approximately 24,000 women aged 50 and over who have migrated to England and Wales are living with the consequences of FGM. In addition, approximately 10,000 girls aged under 15 who have migrated to England and Wales are likely to have undergone FGM. • FGM is a deeply embedded social norm, practised by families for a variety of complex reasons. It is often thought to be essential for a girl to become a proper woman, and to be marriageable. The practice is not required by any religion. 2.1. What is FGM? FGM is a procedure where the female genital organs are injured or changed and there is no medical reason for this. It is frequently a very traumatic and violent act for the victim and can cause harm in many ways. The practice can cause severe pain and there may be immediate and/or long-term health consequences, including mental health problems, difficulties in childbirth, causing danger to the child and mother; and/or death. The age at which FGM is carried out varies enormously according to the community. The procedure may be carried out shortly after birth, during childhood or adolescence, just before marriage or during a womanÕs first pregnancy. 2.2. Types of FGM FGM has been classified by the World Health Organisation (WHO) into four types: • Type 1 Ð Clitoridectomy: partial or total removal of the clitoris (a small, sensitive and erectile part of the female genitals) and, in very rare cases, only the prepuce (the fold of skin surrounding the clitoris); • Type 2 Ð Excision: partial or total removal of the clitoris and the labia minora, with or without excision of the labia