application of the injunction applicant or the defaulter amend the order by— substituting new periods for the periods specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (3)); or 176 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes substituting a new place for the place specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (4)). Electronic monitoring requirements (1) A supervision order containing a curfew requirement may also contain a requirement (an “electronic monitoring requirement”) for securing the electronic monitoring of compliance with the curfew requirement during a period— specified in the order, or determined by the responsible officer in accordance with the order. In a case referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(b), the responsible officer must, before the beginning of the period when the electronic monitoring requirement is to take effect, notify— the defaulter, the person responsible for the monitoring, and any person falling within sub-paragraph (3)(b), of the time when that period is to begin. Where— it is proposed to include an electronic monitoring requirement in a supervision order, but there is a person (other than the defaulter) without whose co-operation it will not be practicable to secure that the monitoring takes place, the requirement may not be included in the order without that person's consent. A supervision order imposing an electronic monitoring requirement must include provision for making a person responsible for the monitoring. The person who is made responsible for the monitoring must be of a description specified in an order under paragraph 26(5) of Schedule 1 to the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008. An electronic monitoring requirement may not be included in a supervision order unless the court making the order— has been notified by the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order that arrangements for electronic monitoring are available in the area where the place which the court proposes to specify in the order for the purposes of the curfew requirement is situated, and is satisfied that the necessary provision can be made under the arrangements currently available. Where a supervision order contains an electronic monitoring requirement, [F79a youth] court may, on the application of the injunction applicant or the defaulter, amend the order by substituting a new period for the period specified in the order under this paragraph. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions