important to note that the CB information contact centre can only receive details. It cannot be used to provide details to the public about the incident. All police regions are required to have a CB capability. All police forces can provide additional CB call-handling resources to support any other CB following a mutual aid request. When the CB is activated for a mass fatality incident, it manages all information in relation to the recovery, reconciliation, identification and repatriation of victims, as well as criminal investigation. Casualty Bureau manager The CB manager reports directly to their SIM. Their delegated responsibilities are to lead and manage the CB, which is made up of three separate units: incident contact centre input unit message assessment unit The CB manager has a number of responsibilities and tasks, as set out in CBSAP 2024.Their main responsibility is the efficient setting up, execution and closure of the CB. Family liaison Note: This section should be read and implemented in conjunction with SIM responsibilities. Major/mass fatality incidents are very emotional for families and will clearly be distressing. They can also be a lengthy and frustrating process at times. One of the most important considerations is the relationship between bereaved families and the police. It is therefore essential that family liaison officers (FLOs) are deployed to families. FLOs are the primary point of contact for the family and this will be their sole and dedicated role following the incident. The role of family liaison in a mass fatality event is different to that in a murder investigation or road traffic collision. The FLO helps the SIM and SIO achieve their identification and investigation strategies. This is different to a crisis support worker, who provides emotional and practical support to family or friends. Ante- mortem trained FLOs should be used when available, as they have additional expertise in ante-mortem collection in a major/mass fatality incident. There may be times throughout the investigation when the SIM or SIO request a meeting with the families or vice versa. In the event of a major or mass fatality incident, the SIO or SIM may be unable to see families individually. It may, therefore, be advantageous for the families to be brought together for periodic briefings. These can be arranged by FLOs to meet the needs of all parties. However, it is important to consider families who are unable to attend or do not wish to attend and ensure they receive the same information. Any requests to share information about bereaved families should be discussed with the families themselves and consent obtained prior to sharing. Families often request details of other families involved in the investigation as well as requests from media outlets and other organisations. These requests can cause an enormous amount of stress for the families. To some extent, the police may be able to resolve this with other agencies. The police can, however, minimise the duplication of requests from other agencies to families by channelling them through the FLO. Family liaison