of the severity or extent of the breach, that no other power available to the court is appropriate. (8) Where the court makes a detention order under sub-paragraph (1) it must state in open court why it is satisfied as specified in sub-paragraph (7). (9) In this ScheduleÑ ÒdefaulterÓ, in relation to an order under this Schedule, means the person in respect of whom the order is made; Òinjunction applicantÓ, in relation to an injunction under Part 4 or an order under this Schedule made in respect of such an injunction, means the person who applied for the injunction; Òappropriate courtÓ, in relation to an order under this Schedule, meansÑ (a) where the order is made by the High Court, the High Court; (b) where the order is made by a county court, a county court. 64 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Part 2 Supervision Orders Supervision orders 2 (1) A supervision order is an order imposing on the defaulter one or more of the following requirementsÑ (a) a supervision requirement; (b) an activity requirement; (c) a curfew requirement. (2) Before making a supervision order the court must obtain and consider information about the defaulterÕs family circumstances and the likely effect of such an order on those circumstances. (3) Before making a supervision order imposing two or more requirements, the court must consider their mutual compatibility. (4) The court must ensure, as far as practicable, that any requirement imposed by a supervision order is such as to avoidÑ (a) any conflict with the defaulterÕs religious beliefs, (b) any interference with the times, if any, at which the defaulter normally works or attends school or any other educational establishment, and (c) any conflict with the requirements of any other court order or injunction to which the defaulter may be subject. (5) A supervision order must for the purposes of this Schedule specify a maximum period for the operation of any requirement contained in the order. (6) The period specified under sub-paragraph (5) may not exceed six months beginning with the day after that on which the supervision order is made. (7) A supervision order must for the purposes of this Schedule specify a youth offending team established under section 39 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998. (8) The youth offending team specified under sub-paragraph (7) is to beÑ (a) the youth offending team in whose area it appears to the court that the respondent will reside during the period specified under sub-paragraph (5), or (b) where it appears to the court that the respondent will reside in the area of two or more such teams, such one of those teams as the court may determine. Supervision requirements 3 (1) In this Schedule, Òsupervision requirementÓ, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter attend appointments withÑ (a) the responsible officer, or (b) another person determined by the responsible officer, at such times and places as may be instructed by the responsible