activities, processes and systems leading to effective investigations, timely arrests and improved criminal justice outcomes. It also helps to prevent further crimes being committed and is vital in the fight against crime. Information Management describes the means by which an organisation efficiently plans, collects, organises, uses, controls, shares, disseminates and disposes of its information, and through which it ensures that the value of that information is identified and exploited to the fullest extent. Rationale Wiltshire Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC) have a duty to obtain, use and lawfully share a wide variety of information with our partners in order to discharge our collective duties effectively and keep communities safe. The collection, exploitation and sharing of information is an essential function of policing. Managing information effectively is crucial for: • keeping people safe • providing evidence to investigate, prosecute and prevent crime • managing the business • mitigating risks around the poor use of information such as non-compliance with legislation, harm to the public and loss of reputation. The Information Management policy and any supporting System Operating Procedures (SOPs) and guidance are required to reflect legal obligations and national policy. These include but not necessarily limited to: • The Code of Practice on the Management of Police Information (MoPI) and the Authorised Professional Practice (APP) for Information Management • UK-GDPR • Data Protection Act 2018 • Human Rights Act 1998 • Freedom of Information Act 2000 • Computer Misuse Act 1990 It will ensure that all staff, including our partners, understand their responsibilities with information and are provided with the knowledge and standards to use that knowledge in line with legislative requirements and in pursuance of our policing vision and aims. Intention The Information Management policy in conjunction with supporting SOPs and guidance, sets out how Wiltshire Police will ensure that information is managed effectively and lawfully throughout its lifecycle. This policy is intended to provide officers, police and OPCC staff, contractors, volunteers and other relevant parties with clear and concise guidance that enables them to create, use, retain and dispose of information appropriately, lawfully and with confidence. The policy is intended to enable consistent and transferable procedures and information sharing across other police, government and partnership organisations. The Chief Constable has a responsibility under the Management of Police Information (MOPI) Code of Practice to establish and maintain an Information Management Strategy (IMS) under the direction of a Chief Police Officer or equivalent. This policy and supporting SOPs and guidance cover the key points of an IMS as defined by the Authorised Professional Practice (APP) on Information Management and is therefore intended to fulfil that requirement. 1. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to everyone with access to the OPCC and ForcesÕ information, whether employees, contractors, volunteers, professional partners and employees of other organisations, and whether on police or partner premises, or working remotely. The policy applies to all information, whether held digitally or in paper or other physical format. This includes (but is not limited to)