to give a penalty notice under section 444A of the Education Act 1996 (penalty notice in respect of failure to secure regular attendance at school of registered pupil), sub-paragraph (1)(a) of this paragraph has effect as if the words “in the relevant police area” were omitted. In this paragraph, “specified park” has the same meaning as in section 162 of the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005. 260 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C – Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Powers to search for and seize alcohol and tobacco (1) A CSO or CSV may search a person for alcohol or a container for alcohol if— the CSO or CSV has (in consequence of provision included in his or her designation in reliance on section 38(6B)(a)) imposed a requirement on a person to surrender alcohol or a container for alcohol under section 63(2) of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 or under section 1 of the Confiscation of Alcohol (Young Persons) Act 1997, the person has failed to comply with the requirement, and the CSO or CSV reasonably believes that the person has alcohol or a container for alcohol in his or her possession. A CSO or CSV may search a person for tobacco or cigarette papers where— the CSO or CSV has (in consequence of provision included in his or her designation in reliance on section 38(6B)(a)) sought to seize the tobacco or cigarette papers under section 7(3) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (seizure of tobacco from young persons), the person from whom the CSO or CSV sought to seize the item has failed to surrender it, and the CSO or CSV reasonably believes that the person has it in his or her possession. The power to search under sub-paragraph (1) or (2)— is to do so only to the extent that is reasonably required for the purpose of discovering whatever the CSO or CSV is searching for, and does not authorise the CSO or CSV to require a person to remove any of his or her clothing in public other than an outer coat, jacket or gloves. A person who without reasonable excuse fails to consent to being searched in the exercise of a power under this paragraph is guilty of an offence and is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. A CSO or CSV who proposes to exercise a power to search a person under sub- paragraph (1) or (2) must inform