of a collection of historic, artistic or scientific interest which includes or is to include firearms; and b) which is maintained wholly or mainly out of money provided by Parliament or a local authority; or c) is accredited by the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA) or its successor bodies, Arts Council England, Arts Council of Wales or the Scottish Arts Council. Advice regarding museums and firearms may be obtained from the Museums Weapons Group (see Appendix 1). 16.4 A museum licence cannot be granted to a non-accredited, privately funded museum. Nor can it be granted for the purposes of a private collection, whether such a collection is for the public benefit or otherwise. In such cases, the grant of a firearm or shot gun certificate should be considered. 16.5 There is no bar to the disposal or transfer of Section 1 or 2 firearms by the holder of a museum firearms licence, but a museum licence does not provide for the disposal or transfer, temporary or otherwise, of prohibited weapons or 142 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ammunition. A separate application must be made to the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers for authority under section 5 of the 1968 Act. 16.6 In most cases the publicly funded nature of a museum will be self-evident, but where doubt arises the Home Office or the Scottish Government can make enquiries of the museum authorities. Enquiries about accreditation may be made to: Arts Council England Head Office 21 Bloomsbury Street London WC1B 3HF The Arts Council of Wales Bute Place Cardiff CF10 5AL The Scottish Arts Council 12 Manor Place Edinburgh EH3 7DD Applications for a museum licence 16.7 In England and Wales, the Secretary of State is the issuing authority for museum licences. An application by a museum must be made via the online application system. In Scotland, the Scottish Ministers are the issuing authority for such licences. Applications for museums in Scotland must be made to the Scottish Government: Firearms Team Safer Communities Division St AndrewÕs House Edinburgh EH1 3DG e-mail: firearms.enquiries@gov.scot 16.8 Paragraph 1(3) of the Schedule to the 1988 Act requires the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers not to grant a museum licence unless they are satisfied, after consultation with the local chief officer of police, that the arrangements for keeping and exhibiting the firearms are, or will be, such as not to endanger public safety or the peace. Where a bona fide application has been received by the Home Office or the Scottish Government, a request will be made to the chief officer to verify that proper arrangements are in hand to ensure the safe custody of the firearms and/or ammunition. 143 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 16.9 In general, the chief officer of police will be requested to undertake an inspection of museum premises to establish that adequate security measures have been taken and to provide a report to the Home Office or the Scottish Government. It should be noted that these