joint management of Fire Safety within both organisations. GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning RRO Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 Ð (The Order) RIDDOR Reporting of Injuries Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS All other Wiltshire Police Health and Safety Policies and Procedures. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW The joint Fire Safety Management Procedure Document will be regularly monitored and reviewed by the Health and Safety and Facilities Departments. The document will be formally reviewed annually or ln light of any significant change in process or legislation through the Force Occupational Health and Safety Committee. All Fire Risk Assessments will be monitored throughout the year and formally reviewed as part of the health and safety audits for all premises. The review will be undertaken by the Health and Safety Department in consultation with the Facilities Department, local management and Staff Associations. The risk assessments will also be reviewed in light of legislative change, changes in work processes, staffing levels, building use or alterations. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE Head of Health and Safety Head of Facilities and Supplies 1. Legal Requirements The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 sets a general duty of care for safety placed on all employers, the self-employed and those in control of non-domestic premises throughout Great Britain. The Act and any regulations made under it are disapplied in relation to general fire safety measures covered by the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005, other than in special circumstances, such as major hazard sites. The Act does, however, apply to process-related fire safety hazards and precautions, including the storage of dangerous substances. The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 imposes a duty of care on the employer to ensure, so far as reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare of all staff and others affected by our undertakings. In addition, Sections 7 and 8 of the Act states that staff must take appropriate steps to safeguard their own health and safety as well as that of others. The updated Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 (known as the Order), incorporating the Fire Safety Bill and BS8629 2020/1 fcovers general fire precautions and other fire safety duties which are required to protect person in case of fire. The Order will remove current fire certification with fire safety being based upon a risk regime. The Order revokes the Fire Safety requirements which are incorporated in the Fire Precautions Act 1971, Fire Precautions (Workplace) Regulations 1997, as amended by the Fire Precautions (Workplace) (Amendment) Regulations 1999. Main requirements of the Order: • To appoint a Responsible Person for fire safety management as detailed within the Order. • The