this issue by moving Veterans Day to Election Day, ensuring more federal holidays do not financially burden employers. Highlights The voting capabilities of many Americans are impeded by financial burdens and difficult working schedules, particularly in states without paid leave policies. In the 2016 presidential election, voter turnout was substantially lower among individuals with lower incomes, highlighting socioeconomic disparities in electoral participation. Establishing Election Day as a federal holiday and mandating paid voting leave would help level the playing field among voters across all demographics. By moving Veterans Day to Election Day, this policy would bear a net-zero cost and circumvent any productivity losses. Furthermore, the proposed policy aligns with practices in other democratic nations and would significantly mitigate scheduling conflicts, facilitating greater participation in the electoral process.5 Implementation The initiative to mandate voter paid leave and create a national holiday on election day would require Congressional sponsorship. To successfully change a holiday’s date or add a new holiday to the Federal Register, Congress must pass a law approving the change.10 To lobby Congress to take action on this issue, extensive community support is necessary given the low likelihood of corporate involvement. Since 65% of US citizens agree with making Election Day a federal holiday, a grassroots campaign could fuel this issue’s legislative success.11 Building partnerships with established organizations such as the League of Women Voters, which has over 700 chapters across the country and has over 1 million members, would help corral support and amplify the campaign’s reach and credibility. They have a proven track record of advocating for enfranchisement efforts and supporting voter registration initiatives.12 Public opinion polls on paid voter leave policies are scant, and this aspect of the legislation would create more of an uphill battle. Likewise, a lack of polls would require galvanizing support from labor activists as well. Labor groups, in particular, may see paid voting leave as an extension of workers' rights and potentially frame it as essential for ensuring fair and democratic access to voting. Furthermore, implementing this initiative would require partnerships with Congressmen who have demonstrated interest in voting rights issues. In 2024, Representative Anna Eshoo (CA- 16), for example, introduced the Election Day Holiday Act which aimed to make Election Day a federal holiday.13 Voter groups could partner with Representative Eshoo to include provisions to mandate federal paid leave across the US, citing the current obstacles for workers on Election Day. To move this idea through the legislative process, activists must build broad support across both sides of the aisle, especially from lawmakers who have championed labor rights and voting access in the past. Convincing Republicans to approve it would likely involve highlighting how the proposal would mitigate financial losses while boosting voter turnout. When meeting with conservative legislators, proponents of this legislation could emphasize the nonpartisan nature of it, as it will increase voter turnout for workers across partisan lines. Works Cited Huddleston, Tom Jr. “A State- by-state Guide to Where You’re Guaranteed Paid Time Off for Voting—And Where