ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY STATEMENT This policy is required to assist all Wiltshire Police Officers, Police and OPCC Staff, Special Constables, Volunteers and all contracted third parties identify what they can and cannot do when accessing Wiltshire Police/OPCC systems, and to provide clear guidance around what constitutes Law Enforcement Purposes. This policy supports the organisations values and behaviours, in particular acting with impartiality, integrity, public service and transparency at all times. This policy sits alongside the Microsoft Office 365 Acceptable Use Procedure which governs and provides advice on the use of Microsoft Office 365, Teams and One Note. What is Information Security? Information security is the preservation of the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information: a. Confidentiality - Protecting sensitive or personal information from unauthorised disclosure, both to outsiders, and to staff who have no requirement to access such information in the course of their duties; b. Integrity - Safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of information and information processing methods; c. Availability - Ensuring that information and associated services are available to meet the needs of the Force. Information security is required during the entire lifecycle of a piece of information, from the moment it is collected or created, throughout its usage, through to ultimate disposal. Appropriate measures need to be applied to ensure that information security is maintained. Information security promotes trust and confidence in the ForceÕs services, practices and IT infrastructure and systems. The achievement of information security needs a combination of policies, standards, procedures, guidelines, appropriate organisational structure, physical security considerations, and measures to safeguard the ICT network infrastructure and information systems. This policy contains a summary of the expectations from all users of the ForceÕs systems and applications. Where relevant, links to more detailed guidance will be provided. This Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) is part of a wider Information Security Policy Framework (ISPF) which governs the security principles that applies to the use of the ForceÕs systems and the ISPF should be read in conjunction with this document. APPLICABILITY This policy is applicable to all systems and applications used by Wiltshire Police and the OPCC and applies to all Police Officers, Police and OPCC Staff, Special Constables, Volunteers and all contracted third parties, whether they are working from Wiltshire Police/OPCC premises, Shared (Partner) premises, any office, remote location, home address, or whilst working remotely. 2. ACCEPTABLE USE OF FORCE SYSTEMS The standards of behaviour and the integrity of those who work within the police service are constantly under close scrutiny. It is imperative that Wiltshire Police Officers and Wiltshire Police/OPCC Staff conduct their business in a way which maintains public confidence. Information is provided to Wiltshire Police and the OPCC via a number of sources and there is a legal requirement that this information will be treated confidentially and only accessed for a legitimate reason: Law Enforcement Purposes or purposes covered by other policies or legal requirements. Law Enforcement Purposes are defined as: prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties,