(9), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. 25 Other grants etc under Police Act 1996 (1) The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. (2) In section 47 (grants for capital expenditure)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for the words from ÒbyÓ to ÒAuthorityÓ, substitute Ò by local policing bodies Ó; (b) in subsection (4), for Òby virtue of subsection (1)(b)Ó substitute Ò under subsection (1) in respect of expenditure incurred (or to be incurred) by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (c) in subsection (5)Ñ (i) for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (ii) for Òthat AuthorityÓ substitute Ò that Office Ó. (3) In section 48 (grants for expenditure on safeguarding national security)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for the words from ÒbyÓ to ÒsecurityÓ, substitute Ò by local policing bodies in connection with safeguarding national security Ó; (b) in subsection (4), for Òby virtue of subsection (1)(b)Ó substitute Ò under subsection (1) in respect of expenditure incurred (or to be incurred) by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (c) in subsection (5)Ñ (i) for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (ii) for Òthat AuthorityÓ substitute Ò that Office Ó. (4) In section 92 (grants by local authorities)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for Òpolice authority established under section 3Ó substitute Ò police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) in subsection (2), for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. (5) In section 93 (acceptance of gifts or loans)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) in subsection (2), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. (6) Section 94 (financing of new police authorities) is amended as follows. (7) In the title, for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò police and crime commissioners Ó. (1) 28 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (8) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authority established under section 3Ó substitute Ò police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) for ÒitÓ substitute Ò the commissioner Ó. (9) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authority established under section 3Ó substitute Ò police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) for ÒitÓ substitute Ò the commissioner Ó; (c) for ÒitsÓ (in both places) substitute Ò the commissioner's Ó. (10) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òan authorityÓ substitute Ò a commissioner Ó; (b) for ÒitsÓ substitute Ò the commissioner's Ó. (11) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò a police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) for ÒitÓ (in both places) substitute Ò the commissioner Ó. 26 Precepts (1) The Local