over a highway that isÑ (a) a special road; (b) a trunk road; (c) a classified or principal road; (d) a strategic road; (e) a highway in England of a description prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State; (f) a highway in Wales of a description prescribed by regulations made by the Welsh Ministers. (2) In this sectionÑ Òclassified roadÓ, Òspecial roadÓ and Òtrunk roadÓ have the meaning given by section 329(1) of the Highways Act 1980; ÒhighwayÓ has the meaning given by section 328 of that Act; Òprincipal roadÓ has the meaning given by section 12 of that Act (and see section 13 of that Act); Òstrategic roadÓ has the meaning given by section 60(4) of the Traffic Management Act 2004. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 43 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Validity of orders 66 Challenging the validity of orders (1) An interested person may apply to the High Court to question the validity ofÑ (a) a public spaces protection order [F33or an expedited order], or (b) a variation of a public spaces protection order [F33or an expedited order]. ÒInterested personÓ means an individual who lives in the restricted area or who regularly works in or visits that area. (2) The grounds on which an application under this section may be made areÑ (a) that the local authority did not have power to make the order or variation, or to include particular prohibitions or requirements imposed by the order (or by the order as varied); (b) that a requirement under this Chapter was not complied with in relation to the order or variation. (3) An application under this section must be made within the period of 6 weeks beginning with the date on which the order or variation is made. (4) On an application under this section the High Court may by order suspend the operation of the order or variation, or any of the prohibitions or requirements imposed by the order (or by the order as varied), until the final determination of the proceedings. (5) If on an application under this section the High Court is satisfied thatÑ (a) the local authority did not have power to make the order or variation, or to include particular prohibitions or requirements imposed by the order (or by the order as varied), or (b) the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with a requirement under this Chapter, the Court