as sexual assault, it was not restricted only to young women, and victims faced disbelief from a number of directions including some parts of the media and police. Few drugs were identi"ed (mamba, insulin and cocaine) but problems with forensic testing exist, meaning that greater emphasis on other forms of evidence collection is required. We propose that greater multi-agency working is required to tackle needle-spiking as there are overlapping needs in terms of needle (and other forms) of spiking relating to health and policing. More research is needed, particularly on o#ender motivations to fully understand and respond to the problem of spiking. ? KEYWORDS: Spiking drugs night-time economy gender-based violence read articles View more ? Previous article View latest articles Next article ? Introduction The administering of drugs (including alcohol) or poison to someone without their consent (in a non-medical capacity) is known as ÔspikingÕ. In England, it is illegal under a range of legislation, including the administering of poison under s. 23 and 24 of the O#ences Against the Person Act 1861 and the administering of a substance with the intent to overpower a person under s. 61 of the Sexual O#ences Act 2003, and punishable by up to ten years in prison. The current framework has been criticised for using archaic language (Home O!ce 2023) and for not failing to re$ect the intrusion on personal autonomy that spiking constitutes (Marks 2024). New legislation which will introduce an updated, single o#ence of spiking is being developed at the time of writing. Despite having little attention from criminologists, spiking is a widespread crime that can have serious and long-term impacts on victims (Burrell et al. 2023). According to the National Police ChiefÕs Council in the UK, the police receive an average of 561 reports of spiking per month Ð and they acknowledge this is an under-recorded crime making the actual "gures likely higher (NPCC 2024). A spiking survey was conducted across three universities in the US (Swan et al. 2017), and found that one in 13 students (7.8%, 462/6,064) students said they had experienced being drugged (spiked). In addition, 83 students said they had drugged someone or knew someone who had drugged someone on 172 occasions. Female students were more likely to report negative outcomes including sexual assault and physical ill health and one participant choked on their own vomit and went on to require CPR on their way to hospital (Swan et al. 2017). Spiking is not con"ned to students though. The largest UK study found a similar rate of spiking in a nationally representative general population study of 1693 adults conducted by YouGov in 2021. In total, they found that 8% of participants said that they had had a drink spiked (6% of men and 11% of women). Most consumables can be spiked, including food and cigarettes, but it is drinks that are thought to be most often spiked and it is drink spiking that has received the most attention. This changed suddenly and unexpectedly in the UK