safeguards must be put in place to protect personal, sensitive and/or information classified under the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) (see Government Security Classification Guidance Handout for details). The extent of the safeguards should be in proportion to the degree of risk posed. When using the Wiltshire Police and OPCC information, you must handle it in a secure manner based upon its classification. 8. SECURE HANDLING OF MEDIA AND DOCUMENTATION Care must be taken to protect all documentation and computer media, e.g. DVDs, CDs and USB storage devices, containing sensitive and critical information, and measures must be taken to ensure secure storage, transit, copying, reuse and disposal of computer media and documentation. When exchanging information within the Force or between other Forces/trusted organisations, it is vital to assess the sensitivity of the information and handle it in accordance with any security classification and handling requirements and the ForceÕs Information Management Policy. When dealing with hard copy documents, always ensure that you are aware of their security classification and handling requirements. Sensitive documents should not be left unattended on desks, printers and other equipment where they are vulnerable to unauthorised access and theft. You must always lock sensitive computer media and documents away when left unattended. With the global messaging opportunities presented by Internet based email, users are specifically reminded that they must adhere to the Data Protection Act 2018 and UK General Data Protection Regulations (UK-GDPR) when transferring/sending personal data to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area. Personal data shall not be transmitted to a country or territory outside the UK unless that country or territory ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal data. The Force Data Protection Officer should be contacted if further information is required. 9. DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION AND PRIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION All Wiltshire Police officers/police and OPCC staff and 3rd parties must have a clear understanding of their personal responsibilities under the data protection legislation and how this affects the processing of personal data. Reference should be made to the Data Protection Policy. Wiltshire Police and OPCC will take criminal and/or disciplinary action against any category of person mentioned above who wilfully, without authority or defined policing purpose or other statutory or business purpose, accesses and/or misuses personal data held by either the Force or PCC. Any use of personal data that does not have a defined policing or other statutory or business purpose is likely to constitute a misuse. 10. COMPUTER MISUSE LEGISLATION All users must comply with the Computer Misuse Act 1990. The Computer Misuse Act, generally aimed at computer ÔhackingÕ, specifies offences for any unauthorised access to internal organisational systems. The Act introduces three basic criminal acts: • Unauthorised access; • Unauthorised access with intent to commit a further serious offence; • Unauthorised modification of computer material. Staff (and other authorised users) must only access systems they are authorised to use. It is an offence