of their services and safeguarding high standards of care by creating an environment in which excellence in care delivered by officers and police staff will flourish. The Force Clinical Governance Lead is Dr Rachel Oaten FRCEM BSc (Hons) Consultant in Emergency Medicine at Salisbury District Hospital. Other members of the governance group include members of staff from People Development, Operations, Health and Safety and a Paramedic who works locally with South Western Ambulance Service. 5.3 First Aid Working Group This is a newly formed working group within Wiltshire Police looking to ensure that we are meeting national requirements for first aid training, ensuring first and foremost our officers are as protected and skilled as they can be to serve the communities within our Force footprint. The group will review incidents, feedback, equipment and training with a view to becoming a Force that is viewed a carrying out best practice nationally. 6. Principles Given the increasing frequency nationally in which Police are dealing with the effects of acid attacks as well as some isolated cases starting to appear more locally it is vital there is robust guidance in place for staff to follow. In some cases Wiltshire Police officers may be first on scene it is now considered imperative that staff have awareness training into this and also are given the tools to be able to manage an initial incident in the absence of anyone more medically trained e.g. Ambulance Service being on scene. This awareness training will be developed by People Development in conjunction with the First Aid Working Group and delivered in a variety of settings. Wiltshire Police will ensure that the relevant, risk assessments and equipment necessary to ensure staff safety and minimise harm to an individual subject to an acid attack are made available to staff including appropriate safety equipment and consumables. Recent NPCC guidance has been noted and incorporated into this procedure with regards to staff protection and first aid administration. Safety equipment should be provided to anyone who is public facing. This will be clearly identified and carried in operational police vehicles. Staff having access to the additional equipment must have the relevant skills and training to be able to ensure their own safety and that of any casualty. The exact level of competence required has been determined by People Development. All front line, public facing staff should be in possession of a basic police first aid certificate. Officers who are more likely to attend acid related incidents will have increased awareness training around protecting themselves, others and the initial phase of managing casualties should there be no medical personnel on scene. Staff that attend incidents and administer any treatment are expected to provide feedback on any incidents they attend through new feedback processes that are being developed in conjunction with Force Communications. This will allow us to gather a more realistic picture as to what staff encounter on a daily basis and help guide further training and equipment requirements. There is no nationally recognised