coroner or procurator fiscal, in consultation with the SIO and SIM, should decide whether to transfer the body to the designated police mortuary for the incident. This allows for consistent management of the deceased and supports the process of identification and investigation. By channelling all fatalities through a single mortuary with dedicated facilities, the police and health services will be able to better support the bereaved. Where a casualty dies in hospital, the bereaved must be made aware of procedure and kept informed at each stage of the process, including: identification viewing the deceased releasing the deceased Victim recovery teams Personnel used to recover deceased persons from a scene of an emergency or major incident should have completed a College of Policing-approved DVI foundation course. Victim recovery teams work under the SERM and have a designated team leader. They may also work in conjunction with other search and rescue teams, such as urban search and rescue capability (USAR). They will require additional training to an approved standard to work: in confined spaces performing confined area searches safely at height under chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear (CBRN) conditions Responsibilities Victim recovery teams are responsible for: recovering all victims in accordance with the approved training standard working according to the recovery strategy set by the senior identification manager (SIM) completing all necessary disaster victim recovery documentation completing the initial visual check on deceased persons and human remains and recording all identification details revealed ensuring that all necessary photographs are taken at the scene sealing of body bags Ð the default position will be to seal the victim bags unless the SIO/SIM indicate differently which must be recorded as a policy decision by the SIO/SIM complying with all health and safety requirements Search The SERM establishes the number of victim recovery teams required to conduct recovery actions. This will be informed by the timescales and parameters set by the SIM and gold commander. The SERM may be advised by a: police search adviser on search matters or on recovery of deceased persons, human remains, property or evidence crime scene manager on forensic and evidential recovery procedures bomb scene examiner The victim recovery teams may be deployed as stand-alone teams. They may also operate in conjunction with police search-trained personnel or other search personnel. Open area searches The SERM can initially deploy search teams or victim recovery teams in a sweep-type search. This could be to cover larger areas with low numbers of deceased persons or human remains scattered across the area. The scene may be divided into sectors and zones. Each zone should consist of channels of a suitable length and width for a victim recovery team to operate along. The size of the zone should consider the terrain and the nature of the incident. Where the deceased persons or human remains are concentrated, the width of the search channel should be reduced. Each channel should have a start and stop position clearly identified. Both edges of the channel should be marked by