the Fire Safety requirements which are incorporated in the Fire Precautions Act 1971, Fire Precautions (Workplace) Regulations 1997, as amended by the Fire Precautions (Workplace) (Amendment) Regulations 1999. Main requirements of the Order: • To appoint a Responsible Person for fire safety management as detailed within the Order. • The Responsible Person must appoint one or more Òcompetent personsÓ to assist in undertaking the preventative and proactive fire safety management measures. • Ensure appropriate fire safety arrangements are in place, having regard to the size of its undertakings and the nature of its activities, for the effective planning, organization, monitoring and control of the preventative and proactive measures. • To carry out a suitable and sufficient fire risk assessment, in order to determine the appropriate level of fire safety measures necessary to manage and control fire risks. The Order also details specific requirements in relation to: • Elimination and reduction of risk from dangerous substances. • Fire fighting and detection. • Emergency routes and exits. • Procedures for serious and imminent danger in respect of hazardous substances. • Provision of information, instruction, training and supervision. • Safety assistance. • Co-operation and co-ordination. The Fire Safety (Employees Capabilities) (England) Regulations 2010. The Regulations include a single requirement that every employer must, in entrusting tasks to employees, take into account their capabilities with regards to health and safety, so far as those capabilities relate to fire. The Health and Safety (Safety Signs and Signals) Regulations 1996 specify escape route signs, safety signs prohibiting activities causing a fire hazard; warning signs of flammable, explosive materials, electricity; and fire-fighting information. The Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmospheres Regulations 2002 (DSEAR) contain a duty to eliminate or reduce risks to safety from fire, explosion or other events arising from the hazardous properties of dangerous substances in connection with work. The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999 contain a duty to make and coordinate arrangements in case of emergency with employers in neighbouring premises (as well as carry out risk assessments on work activities). The Fire Safety Act 2021 was published in April 2021 and provides a foundation for follow-up legislation to take forward recommendations from the Grenfell inquiry. The Fire Safety Act 2021 is of particular interest to building owners, leaseholders, those responsible for social housing or managers of multi-occupied residential buildings who are likely to be the responsible persons and who need to ensure that they have assessed the fire safety risks of the premises for which they are responsible, and have taken the necessary fire precautions as a result of that assessment. It also confirms that Fire and Rescue Authorities have the relevant enforcement powers to hold owners or managers to account. The Building Safety Act 2022 received royal assent on the 28th April 2022. The Building Safety Act introduces changes to building control that will affect all buildings, strengthens the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order, provides new accountability and duties and introduces competency standards and provisions to strengthen the construction