offences under the Act are covered under sections 1-3A. Section 3A was added in 2006 and deals with making, supplying or obtaining articles for use in offences under sections 1 (unauthorised access to computer material) or 3 (unauthorised acts with intent to impair, or with recklessness as to impairing, operation of a computer etc). Section 4 covers the territorial scope of offences under sections 1 and 3 and establishes that for offences under sections 1 or 3 it is immaterial whether any act or other event occurred in the home country concerned or whether the accused was in the home country concerned at the time of any such act or event. This section also establishes that at least one significant link with domestic jurisdiction must exist in _the circumstances of the case for the offence to be committed. Section 5 sets out the criteria for establishing a significant link with domestic jurisdiction - either the accused was in the home ácountry at the time of the offence or the affected/intended affected computer was in the home country at the time of the offence. The existing extra territorial jurisdiction provisions (i.e. the legal ability for the government to exercise authority beyond its normal bouhdaries) do not include section 3A The EU Directive on Attacks Against Information Systems1 was adopted in August 2013 and Member States have two years to implement. Problemá under consideration In order to implement the EU Directive and assist in addressing constant advances in technology, we need to extend the coverage of the existing offences in the Computer Misuse Act. The UK is compliant with the EU Directive save for two points: • Article 7 of the EU Directive covers the tools used to commit computer offences (e.g. malware).This section states that Member States should have offences in their legislation to criminalise the intentional 'production, sale, procurement for use, import, distribution, or otherwise making available' of tools with the intention that it is used to commit any of the further offences in the Directive. ¥ As the legislation stands, section 3A of the Computer Misuse Act meets all of the provisions under Article 7 with the exception of the offence of 'procuring for use' of such tools. Individuals can increasingly obtain tools such as malware and the knowledge on how to commit a cyber offence, to commit the offence personally and are less likely to need a third party to commit the offence ¥There is a risk that a person acting in isolation and obtaining a tool for personal use to commit a Computer Misuse Act offence is not caught by the existing offence as the prosecution would need to show that the tool was being obtained with a view to its being supplied to commit a Computer Misuse Act offence. 1 (2013/40/EU), which replaces Council Framework decision 2005/222/JHA, • Article 12 of the EU Directive covers jurisdiction and requires Member states to establish their jurisdiction with regards to a cyber offence being committed by one of their