litter on any land within the area of a principal litter authority which is open to the air5. This can include private land, although it is not an offence to drop litter with the landownerÕs consent. 6 11I.10 There are no explicit powers of entry associated with issuing fixed penalties against littering. To avoid any question over an enforcement officerÕs right to carry out their function on private land, before entering private land to issue a fixed penalty in connection with littering offences committed on that land, enforcement officers should, where practicably possible, engage and consult landowners/occupiers to obtain their consent. This will also help to establish whether the landowner/occupier has given permission for litter to be dropped on their land (in which case, no offence is committed.)7 Enforcing authorities may wish to discuss their approach to enforcement with the owners of large areas of private land to which the public routinely have access (e.g. shopping centres, retail parks, transport hubs etc.) in advance of any enforcement activity being undertaken there. 5 But where land is considered to be Òopen to the airÓ by virtue of section 86(13) EPA 1990, i.e. because it is covered but open on at least one side, an offence of littering can only be committed on that land if the public have access (with or without payment) to that land (section 87(3) EPA 1990). 6 Consent may only be given in relation to depositing litter in a watercourse, lake or pond if the same person owns all the surrounding land. (section 87(4B) EPA 1990). 7 It is not an offence to fail to provide name and address details to an enforcement officer in connection with enforcement under a Public Spaces Protection Order (Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, section 68). 11I.11 If a landowner/occupier seeks to prevent access to their land by authorised enforcement officers but has not given explicit consent to littering on their land, enforcing authorities should consider whether enforcement against offences committed on that land is in the public interest, particularly if the ÒvictimÓ is unwilling to support the enforcement activity taking place. Any enforcement officer that remains on or re-enters land once the landowner/occupier has asked them to leave may be committing trespass. 11I.12 The validity of any enforcement action against the offender (either prosecution, or issue of an FPN) is not affected by whether either the offender or the enforcement officer has a legal right to access or enter onto the land on which the offence was committed. Getting the offenderÕs details 11I.13 It is an offence if an alleged offender fails to provide the appropriate details, such as name and address, in order for a fixed penalty to be issued for the offences of littering, or unauthorised distribution of free printed material.8 The police may be called to assist if the offender refuses to provide their details, or provides false details. A police community support officer (PCSO) may detain the offender for up to 30 minutes before a