Risk assessment for Assessment undertaken by Company Address Date Completed by Signature Sheet number Floor/area Use Step 1 Ð Identify fire hazards Sources of ignition Sources of fuel Sources of oxygen Step 2 Ð People at risk Step 3 Ð Evaluate, remove, reduce and protect from risk (3.1) Evaluate the risk of the fire occuring (3.2) Evaluate the risk to people from a fire starting in the premises (3.3) Remove and reduce the hazards that may cause a fire (3.4) Remove and reduce the risks to people from a fire Assessment review Assessment review date Completed by Signature Review outcome (where substantial changes have occurred a new record sheet should be used) Notes: (1) The risk assessment record of significant findings should refer to other plans, records or other documents as necessary. (2) The information in this record should assist you to develop an emergency plan; coordinate measures with other Ôresponsible personsÕ in the building; and to inform and train staff and inform other relevant persons. (1) Appendix B Technical information on fire-resisting separation, fire doors and door fastenings B1 Fire-resisting separation General The materials from which your premises are constructed may determine the speed with which a fire may spread, affecting the escape routes that people will use. A fire starting in a building constructed mainly from readily combustible material will spread faster than one where modern fire-resisting construction materials have been used. Where non-combustible materials are used and the internal partitions are made from fire-resisting materials, the fire will be contained for a longer period, allowing more time for the occupants to escape. Because of the requirements of the Building Regulations you will probably already have some walls and floors that are fire-resisting and limitations on the surface finishes to certain walls and ceilings. You will need to consider whether the standard of fire resistance and surface finishing in the escape routes is satisfactory, has been affected by wear and tear or alterations and whether any improvements are necessary. The following paragraphs give basic information on how fire-resisting construction can provide up to 30 minutes protection to escape routes. This is the standard recommended for most situations. If you are still unsure of the level of fire resistance which is necessary after reading this information, you should consult a fire safety expert. Fire-resisting construction The fire resistance of a wall or floor is dependent on the quality of construction and materials used. Common examples of types of construction that provide 30-minute fire resistance to escape routes if constructed to the above standards are: • internal framed construction wall, non-load bearing, consisting of 72mm x 37mm timber studs at 600mm centres and faced with 12.5mm of plasterboard with all joints taped and filled (see Figure 62); • internal framed construction, non-load bearing, consisting of channel section steel studs at 600mm centres faced with 12.5mm of plasterboard with all joints taped and filled; and • masonry cavity wall consisting of solid bricks of clay, brick earth, shale, concrete or calcium