2022. https://rollcall.com/2022/06/02/hous e-judiciary-committee-debates-gun- control-bill-amid-recent-deadly- shootings/. “Gun Control.” The Committee on Oversight and Accountability Democrats, January 31, 2024. https://oversightdemocrats.house.go v/investigations/gun-control. Congress.gov. "Text - S.2938 - 117th Congress (2021-2022): Bipartisan Safer Communities Act." June 25, 2022. https://www.congress.gov/bill/117t h-congress/senate-bill/2938/text. Martin, Michel. “San Jose Mayor: Gun Liability Insurance Law Will Alleviate Taxpayers, Promote Safety.” National Public Radio, January 29, 2022. https://www.npr.org/2022/01/29/10 76730054/san-jose-mayor-gun- liability-insurance-law-will- alleviate-tax-payers-promote-saf. Cutting the Head off the Snake: Decentralizing the House of Representatives By Cole Laudenslager, cdl83@cornell.edu To decentralize power from the House of Representatives leadership while promoting bipartisanship and legislative productivity, the House should radically revise its rules through a novel rules package that places power in the hands of bipartisan committees. Background House leadership sets the legislative agenda primarily by deciding which items members can vote on. As such, modern legislative clogging stems from House Leadership’s reluctance to advance bills that lack saliency or anger intraparty minority factions.1 One instance of the saliency issue is Republican Congressman Greg Steube’s Federal Disaster Tax Relief Act, which would provide tax relief to natural disaster victims.2,3 After Speaker Mike Johnson failed to place Steube’s bill on the agenda, Steube forced a vote via discharge petition—a rarely used tactic whereby a House majority signs a petition to consider a bill immediately.4 While Steube’s bill would substantially affect millions of Americans, it lacked the salience of other popular issues such as immigration, foreign aid, and the economy prior to the focusing events of hurricanes Helene and Milton. For this reason and given negative partisanship, it was tabled by House leadership.5,6,7,8 Experts note that committee leadership follows this poor example and colludes with House leadership.9 The 118th Congress’ repeated battles with continuing resolutions highlight fringe minorities’ contributions to this inaction. Former Speaker Kevin McCarthy was ousted for passing a bipartisan resolution, preventing a government shutdown despite sizable Republican opposition.10,11 Although the ouster was aided by loosened procedural rules, these rules themselves were the byproduct of threats against McCarthy by the Freedom Caucus, the most conservative caucus.12 Speaker Johnson faced similar pressures over continuing resolutions and his push for Ukraine aid.13,14 The Ukraine bill notably failed the Hastert Rule, stating that a majority of the majority party, should agree to a bill before being brought to the floor.15,16 This current system provides a target to be blamed, House leadership, who is discouraged from bringing bipartisan legislation to the floor by threats of retribution. Additionally, the diminished power of individual members prevents them from passing important bills lacking political saliency. Policy Idea The House should pass a rules package that shifts agenda- setting powers from leadership to committees. It is desirable to give individual members more power, but not so much that the legislative process is abused. As such, committees are the primary focus of this proposal. First, committees would possess equal numbers of majority and minority party members. A bill would need to pass two 50% vote thresholds to (1) initiate the vetting process and (2) release the bill from the committee. If a bill is truly