CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2A) Accordingly, references in this Chapter to a late night authorisation to which a late night levy requirement relates are references to any relevant late night alcohol authorisation or relevant late night refreshment authorisation in respect of which the late night levy requirement applies. (2B) A licensing authority may decide under subsection (2) that different late night levy requirements are to apply in different parts of its area.] (3) In making a decision under subsection (2) a licensing authority must considerÑ (a) the costs of policing and other arrangements for the reduction or prevention of crime and disorder, in connection with the supply of alcohol [F84or late night refreshment] between midnight and 6 am, and (b) having regard to those costs, the desirability of raising revenue to be applied in accordance with section 131. F85(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5) This section is subject to section 132. Liability to pay late night levy 126 ÒRelevant late night authorisationÓ and related definitions (1) This section applies for the purposes of this Chapter. (2) [F86ÒRelevant late night alcohol authorisationÓ], in relation to a licensing authority[F87, a late night levy requirement] and a levy year, means a premises licence or club premises certificate whichÑ (a) is granted by the authority, and (b) authorises the supply of alcohol at a time or times during the late night supply period on one or more days in the related payment year [F88(whether or not it also authorises the provision of late night refreshment at a time or times during such a period)]. [F89(2A) ÒRelevant late night refreshment authorisationÓ, in relation to a licensing authority, a late night levy requirement and a levy year, means a premises licence whichÑ (a) is granted by the authority, (b) authorises the provision of late night refreshment at a time or times during the late night supply period on one or more days in the related payment year, and (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 121 (c) does not also authorise the supply of alcohol at a time or times during any such period.] (3) The Òlate night supply periodÓ in relation to a licensing authority means the period of the day decided by the authority under section 132 or 133. [F90(3A) Where a licensing