An agreement under this section must not be made, varied or terminated except with the approval of the Secretary of State. Before making regulations under this section the Secretary of State must consult— the Director General; and the ICRIR. Nothing in any other statutory provision prevents the ICRIR from carrying into effect procedures established by virtue of this section. An agreement or regulations under this section may contain provision for enabling the Director General to bring and present, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any proceedings that are identified by the agreement as disciplinary proceedings in relation to ICRIR officers. Procedures established in accordance with an agreement under this section, or by regulations under this section, have no effect in relation to anything done outside England and Wales by any ICRIR officer. In this section— “ICRIR” means the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery; “ICRIR officer” has the same meaning as in the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.] Conduct of the [F328Office's] staff The Secretary of State shall by regulations make provision for the manner in which the following cases are to be handled or dealt with— 64 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes cases in which allegations of misconduct are made against members of the [F328Office's] staff; and cases in which there is otherwise an indication that there may have been misconduct by a member of the [F328Office's] staff. Regulations under this section may apply, with such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit, any provision made by or under this Part. Regulations under this section may provide for it to be the duty of any person on whom functions are conferred by the regulations to have regard, in the carrying out of those functions, to any guidance given by such persons and in such manner as may be specified in the regulations. Before making any regulations under this section the Secretary of State shall consult with the [F329Office and the Director General]. Transitional provisions F33028 Transitional arrangements connected with establishing the Commission etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 65 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on