Barring Service (DBS) 30.9 The Disclosure and Barring Service Ð www.homeoffice.gov.uk/agencies-public-bodies/dbs/ Ð will, on payment of the appropriate fee, provide an Enhanced Disclosure for armed guards who are proposed to be deployed as part of a section 5 application. There will be an additional charge for the use of a Registered Body who will check and countersign applications and submit them to the DBS. Supply of DBS certificates is not mandatory, but if the PMSC does not provide DBS certificates then the cost of the checks will fall to the public purse. Although some police checks must still be carried out for each application, supply of a DBS certificate is likely to reduce the time taken to process the application. 30.10 The DBS will issue each applicant with a certificate based on the individualÕs criminal record, including any relevant local police information. This certificate can be submitted by the PMSC with the application. For the purposes of granting a section 5 authority, the DBS Disclosure should be no more than four months old at the time of application. The DBS has introduced an update service, which allows people (if they choose to subscribe to it and pay a small fee) to apply for a criminal record check to refresh their existing certificate, with employers checking online to see if it is still up to date. This avoids having to go through the full clearance process again. Armed guards who cease to be employed by the PMSC 30.11 If an armed guard ceases to be employed (including as a sub contractor) by the PMSC once the section 5 authority is in place the Home Office must be informed immediately. Failure to do so will be a breach of the conditions of the section 5 authority and such a breach may result in revocation of the authority. If the PMSC wishes to employ new guards during this period they must provide the Home Office with each guardÕs full details, and this may include a DBS certificate, so that the relevant checks can be carried out. The guard cannot be in possession of firearms until the PMSC is notified by the Home Office that the companyÕs section 5 conditions have been amended accordingly. Armed guards employed by a second PMSC 30.12 A process has been introduced whereby one PMSC can utilise the services of another PMSCÕs guards. This has been agreed on the basis that the Home Office is notified by the requesting PMSC, and provided that the guard is authorised by the Home Office and the parent PMSC still retains their services and provides confirmation by e-mail or letter of this fact. Before proceeding, the requesting PMSC must receive confirmation from the Home Office that the arrangement is acceptable. If the requesting PMSC has obtained registered firearms dealer status there is no requirement for each guard to hold a firearm certificate in their own right. 30.1 30.13 PMSCs from other countries, or those wishing to use non-UK guards, may apply for section