of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 33 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Consultation by applicants for injunctions Before applying for an injunction under section 37, the applicant must comply with the consultation requirement. The consultation requirement is that the applicant must consult— any local authority, and any chief police officer, that the applicant thinks it appropriate to consult, and [F14(aa) where the respondent is under the age of 18 (and will be under that age when the application is made), the youth offending team established under section 39 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 in whose area it appears to the applicant that the respondent resides, and] any other body or individual that the applicant thinks it appropriate to consult. [F15(3) If it appears to the applicant that the respondent resides in the area of two or more youth offending teams, the obligation in subsection (2)(aa) is to consult such of those teams as the applicant thinks appropriate.] Applications without notice An application under section 37 may be made without the respondent being given notice. In this Part, such an application is referred to as an application without notice. Section 38(1) does not apply in relation to an application without notice. If an application without notice is made the court must either— dismiss the application, or adjourn the proceedings. If the court acts under subsection (4)(b), the applicant must comply with the consultation requirement before the date of the first full hearing. In this section “full hearing” means a hearing of which notice has been given to the applicant and respondent in accordance with rules of court. 34 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Interim injunctions Interim injunctions: adjournment of on notice hearing This section applies if— the court adjourns the hearing of an application for an injunction under section 34, and the respondent was notified of the hearing in