not have power to make the order or variation, or to include particular prohibitions or requirements imposed by the order (or by the order as varied), or (b) the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with a requirement under this Chapter, the Court may quash the order or variation, or any of the prohibitions or requirements imposed by the order (or by the order as varied). (6) A public spaces protection order [F34or an expedited order], or any of the prohibitions or requirements imposed by the order (or by the order as varied), may be suspended under subsection (4) or quashed under subsection (5)Ñ (a) generally, or (b) so far as necessary for the protection of the interests of the applicant. (7) An interested person may not challenge the validity of a public spaces protection order [F35or an expedited order], or of a variation of [F36such an] order, in any legal proceedings (either before or after it is made) exceptÑ (1) 44 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) under this section, or (b) under subsection (3) of section 67 (where the interested person is charged with an offence under that section). Failure to comply with orders 67 Offence of failing to comply with order (1) It is an offence for a person without reasonable excuseÑ (a) to do anything that the person is prohibited from doing by a public spaces protection order [F37or an expedited order], or (b) to fail to comply with a requirement to which the person is subject under a public spaces protection order [F37or an expedited order]. (2) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (3) A person does not commit an offence under this section by failing to comply with a prohibition or requirement that the local authority did not have power to include in the public spaces protection order [F38or expedited order]. (4) Consuming alcohol in breach of a public spaces protection order [F39or an expedited order] is not an offence under this section (but see section 63). Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 45 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour,