360 degree door viewers, or an access control system. Dealers Operating from Dwellings 4.16 The arrangements at the dwelling should normally provide for the business to be carried out in a part of the premises which is either wholly or partly set aside for that purpose. 4.17 In order to identify persons wishing to gain access, doors should either be within view from the windows or be provided with a 360 degree door viewer, CCTV or Access Control solution. 4.18 If possible, entry for business purposes should be separate from the normal domestic entry. 4.19 Where the premises do not have a wholly adapted part for the business, including storage of stock, provisions should be made to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable: a) customers being able to view the route to, or location of, the storage for firearms; b) customers being allowed to accompany the dealer or employee to the location of the storage area. 4.20 For the safety and security of the dealer and other occupants of the premises, personal attack buttons or remote devices should be considered within the alarm system requirements. 4.1 4.21 Where the property is within its own grounds, lighting should be considered to aid both the detection of approach and the identification of any person(s), as well as for the protection of the occupants entering and leaving. This must complement CCTV systems. Please refer to Lighting against Crime manual. 4.22 Where a line monitored alarm system is not employed, telephone lines should be sited to enter the premises above attack height from the ground or any adjoining building. 4.23 The applicant should be advised to consider the requirements of planning regulations before adapting domestic premises, e.g. change of use, structural alterations requiring planning, building regulations consent, etc. Dealers Operating Under Section 5 Authority 4.24 Where a dealer holds a section 5 authority subject to any specific security requirement, the following should be applied, as appropriate: a) if the dealer's display area or gun room also holds non-section 5 firearms, then the section 5 articles must be secured separately in cabinets to at least BS7558 (1992) to prevent access by those without section 5 authority; b) section 5 items should not be on display in the sales area or other part of the premises nor should they be visible to the public; c) the section 5 items must at all times be kept locked in the armoury, gun room or cabinet as applicable, other than when access is required to them; d) the intruder alarm should be a monitored system to BS4737 3.30:2015. 4.25 Where the authority permits the dealer to hold considerable stocks of articles under sections 5(1)(a), (ab), (aba), (ac), (ad) or any large quantity under 5(1)(b), or military/ordnance articles under that section, the following should be considered, as appropriate: a) vehicle access Ð the premises should wherever possible be designed so that no external door has to remain open to allow the delivery or collection of section 5 items. Ideally,