if there is 177 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ammunition in the chamber or barrel or in any magazine or other device which is in such a position that the ammunition can be fed into the chamber or barrel by the manual or automatic operation of some part of the gun or weapon. 21.17 The definition of a Òpublic placeÓ in section 57(4) of the 1968 Act is the same as that in section 1(4) of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953, specifically Òany highway and any other premises or place to which at the material time the public have or are permitted to have access, whether on payment or otherwiseÓ. For Scotland, the word ÒhighwayÓ in the definition of Òpublic placeÓ in section 57(4) has been deleted and replaced by Òroad (within the meaning of the Roads (Scotland) Act 1984)Ó. 21.18 Members of an approved rifle or muzzle-loading pistol club who carry club firearms and ammunition for the purpose of club shoots at ranges away from their home club premises benefit from the provisions of section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. People so doing might be encouraged to carry written authority from their club secretary or club official and a copy of the club certificate. Firearms removed from club premises for the purpose of participating in competitions should be returned, without delay, to the club storage after the competition, unless it is impracticable to do so. Trespassing with firearms (section 20 of the 1968 Act) 21.19 Section 20 (1) of the 1968 Act makes it an offence for a person, while they have a firearm (including an air weapon) or imitation firearm with them, to enter or be in any building or part of a building as a trespasser, and without reasonable excuse (the proof of which lies with them). Sections 20(2) and 20(3) extend this offence to include any land and land covered with water. 21.20 Reasonable excuse is a defence, if it can be proved, but no exception is made for Òlawful authorityÓ since lawful authority itself would be incompatible with trespass. It is immaterial whether or not the firearm is loaded, or whether or not the accused have ammunition with them. Possession of firearms by persons previously convicted of crime (section 21 of the 1968 Act) 21.21 A person who has been sentenced to custody for life or to preventive detention, or to imprisonment or to corrective training for a term of three years or more, or to youth custody or detention in a young offenders institution, shall not at any time have a firearm or ammunition in his possession. This includes an antique firearm, an air gun or ammunition for it. 21.22 A person who has been sentenced to imprisonment for a term of three months or more but less than three years, or to youth custody or detention in a young offenders institution for such a term or who has been subject to a secure training order or a detention and training