service, the competing policing philosophies described in this chapter are not necessarily one of them. As Lancashire Constabulary has demonstrated, the POP process they had been promoting could be successfully linked into the National Intelligence Model. Both stress the importance of gathering data about an issue or problem (over a comparatively long term) to better understand it and locate the best solution (Maguire and John 2006). As was mentioned above, problem orientated policing is often confused with community orientated policing as they can involve similar methods (but do not always do so). Zero tolerance policing, however, will not sit well next to POP as the former is heavily focused on short-term, enforcement methods. CONCLUSION This chapter has considered some of the recent innovations in policing methods in the UK and the US, most of which are designed to direct the police away from traditional, enforcement orientated approaches. The most established and influential is community orientated policing (COP). It has been employed in various forms, not only in these two countries, but across the globe (Brogden and Nijhar 2005) since its first inception in the 1970s. The other policing methods examined here all bear some relation to COP. Neighbourhood policing is currently the driving force of policing in England and Wales, and represents a very systematic and heavily resourced approach to police reform (in contrast to the patchy and sometimes under-resourced COP in the US). This method not only involves police officers, but also the new breed of Community Support Officers (CSOs) hired and trained specifically to work alongside the police in the community. CSOs are a response to the eternal call for more ‘Bobbies on the beat’, albeit with less power and authority than a fully trained police officer (and considerably cheaper). Police officers, CSOs, and other actors from local authority agencies all form part of a Neighbourhood Policing Team, which as of 2008 should be present in every ‘neighbourhood’ of every police force in England and Wales. Time will tell of the significance and effectiveness of this endeavour. Intelligence led policing, while still being rather enforcement-orientated, can support community policing methods in providing ‘evidence’ on which action can be taken. ‘Community intelligence’, in turn, is one of many kinds of information on which this method relies for combating other kinds of crime. Problem orientated policing also relies on effective data gathering, and is usually community-focused and sees enforcement as only one option among many. However, direct engagement with a community experiencing a ‘problem’ is only initiated if it is deemed relevant to solving that problem. Thus these two methods can be complementary to community and neighbourhood policing, but this is not always the case. Zero tolerance policing was initially viewed as a type of community policing, in that addressing small signs of disorder or crime in a neighbourhood would ultimately lead to a better quality of life for the local residents. In practice, this method has tended to be heavily reactionary and enforcement driven, and actually risks doing damage