changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 187 For sections 29A to 29D substitute— “29A Power to refer disputes to Secretary of State A relevant person may refer a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome to the Secretary of State. For the purposes of this section and sections 29B to 29D, there is a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome if— there is a dispute between any of the relevant persons about the terms to be included in a police services agreement and, in consequence, there is, or there is likely to be, a breach of the requirement imposed by section 25B(1), there is a dispute between any of the relevant persons about whether or how a police services agreement should be varied, there is a dispute between any of the relevant persons about the construction or operation of a police services agreement which is or has been in force in relation to the aerodrome, or there is a dispute between any of the relevant persons about the payments to be made, or the accommodation and facilities to be provided, under section 26(2C). For the purposes of subsection (2)(c) or (d), it does not matter whether the aerodrome is a relevant aerodrome when the dispute arises. 29B Powers of Secretary of State in relation to disputes This section applies where— a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome is referred to the Secretary of State under section 29A, or although no such reference is made, the Secretary of State thinks that there is a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome. The Secretary of State may require any relevant person to take such steps as the Secretary of State thinks may assist to resolve the dispute. The Secretary of State may require any relevant person to make payments in respect of any costs incurred by another person (whether or not a relevant person) in connection with the taking of the steps mentioned in subsection (2). The payments that may be required under subsection (3) include payments in respect of any costs incurred by the Secretary of State (including any costs attributable to the work of officials of the Secretary of State). If the Secretary of State decides not to exercise the power in subsection (2), or if the Secretary of State exercises that power but the dispute is not resolved, the Secretary of State may determine the dispute. 188 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into