premises, that power shall not be exercisable by that person exceptÑ (a) in the company, and under the supervision, of a constable; or (b) for the purpose of saving life or limb or preventing serious damage to property. [F408(9A) The chief officer of police of a police force must ensure that no person designated by the chief officer under this section is authorised to use a firearm, within the meaning given by section 57(1) of the Firearms Act 1968, in carrying out functions for the purposes of the designation. (9B) However, subsection (9A) does not apply toÑ 90 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the use of a weapon, designed or adapted for the discharge of either of the following substances, for the purpose of discharging either of those substancesÑ (i) the substance, commonly known as ÒCS sprayÓ, that is produced by the use of 2-chlorobenzalmalononitrile; (ii) the substance, commonly known as PAVA spray, that is produced by the use of pelargonic acid vanillylamide; (b) the use of a weapon for a purpose specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State; (c) the use of a weapon of a description specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State, whether generally or for a purpose so specified.] [F409(9C) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (6C) or (9B)(b) or (c) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.] [F410(11) In this section Òrelevant employeeÓ meansÑ (a) in the case ofÑ (i) a police force maintained for a police area in accordance with section 2 of the Police Act 1996, or (ii) the police force maintained for the metropolitan police district in accordance with section 5A of that Act, a member of the civilian staff of that police force (within the meaning of Part 1 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011); (b) in the case of any other police force, a person whoÑ (i) is employed by the police authority maintaining that force, and (ii) is under the direction and control of the chief officer making a designation under subsection (1).] [F411(11A) In the case of a police force maintained for a police area in England in accordance with section 2 of the Police Act 1996, the following are also relevant employees for the purposes of this sectionÑ (a) any member of staff transferred to the chief constable of