0 0.12 1 Best Estimate 0 0.06 0.5 Description and scale of key monetised costs by 'main affected groups' Any offences that fall within the scope of the new aggravated offence could already be prosecuted as the existing "section 3" offence. Although we expect the threshold for the aggravated offence to be met only very rarely, potential costs to the criminal justice system would arise for HM Courts and Tribunals SeNice, the Crown Prosecution SeNice and the Legal Aid Agency from more complex investigations and trials and for the Prison and Probation SeNices from longer custodial sentences. Other key non-monetised costs by 'main affected groups' N/A BENEFITS (£m) Total Transition (Constant Price) Years Average Annual (excl. Transition) (Constant Price) Total Benefit (Present Value) Low n/a n/a n/a High n/a n/a n/a Best Estimate n/a n/a n/a Description and scale of key monetised benefits by 'main affected groups' N/A Other key non-monetised benefits by 'main affected groups' l\ny cyber attack that had a serious impact on human welfare, national security, the economy or the environment could be appropriately prosecuted and cyber attacks with serious consequences for society would be seen to be taken sufficiently seriously. There is no evidence that cyber criminals will necessarily be deterred by a longer sentence, but there may be deterrence benefits and/or benefits in public confidence Key assumptions/sensitivities/risks Discount rate(%) I 3.5 There have so far been no successful cyber attacks that would meet the criteria for the proposed new offence. However as technology improves, an ever-increasing number of people use the internet and more systems rely on it, the number and severity of criminally-motivated cyber attacks is expected to increase, but it is difficult accurately to predict future levels. BUSINESS ASSESSMENT (Option 1) Direct impact on business (Equivalent Annual) £m: Costs: 0 Benefits: 0 Net:_ 0 In scope of OITO? Measure qualifies as No I NA Evidence Base (for summary sheets) Problem under consideration A major cyber attack on essential systems (for example those controlling power supply, communications, food or fuel distribution etc) could h.ave a significant impact, resulting in a risk to human life, public health or national security or causing serious social disruption or economic or environmental damage. However, the Computer Misuse Act (CMA) "section 3" offence of impairing a computer only carries a maximum sentence of 10 years. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and law enforcement agencies consider a maximum sentence of 10 years for a major attack too low for the level of economic and personal harm that could be caused and out of step with the much higher maximum tariffs available for offences such as drug trafficking or aggravated criminal damage. In some cases it might be possible to prosecute under another, more serious offence; however this will depend on the precise circumstances of the attack and will not always be possible. To date there have been no successful cyber attacks of this nature. However, reliance on computer systems is increaping, as is the degree to which they are interlinked,