file, to arrange testing with one of CASTÕs approved test facilities (Appendix C). 7 May be supplied directly to CAST from sub-contractor if required. materials in the armour construction evaluated over at least the period of time specified in the product life expectancy.8 • Internal batch testing regime Ð details of internal test methods (both non-destructive and destructive) and frequency of testing. 3.6.2. Changes in panel size/design If, during production, the manufacturer is required to manufacture a size of protective panel with an areal coverage more than 5% outside of the range specified in the technical file, CAST should be contacted for advice. Any change in design where a measurement is moved closer to either the vertical or horizontal centrelines in the armour by more than 15% of its original distance, CAST should be contacted for advice. Figure 3 illustrates an example of the measurements required to identify a change in design. xo Ð original horizontal measurement; yo Ð original vertical measurement; xr Ð revised horizontal measurement; yr Ð revised vertical measurement Figure 3: Armour with centrelines and measurements marked for design consideration 3.6.3. Redacted technical file A redacted technical file shall also be provided to CAST for review at the declaration stage to enable test facility pre-test assessments and construction checks.9 This redacted technical file shall contain: • drawings of panels submitted (including feathering and areal coverage); • type of material (e.g. woven, laminated); • number of layers; • quilting and construction details (e.g. stitching pattern). All technical files will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions ÔFor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all partiesÕ and kept on record for a minimum of five years. 8 If such evidence cannot be satisfactorily presented to CAST, the armour shall be subject to ILM (Section 11). 9 The manufacturer is responsible for ensuring any confidentiality agreement with their selected test facility is in place, as required. 3.7. CAST approval to test Once the declaration and associated technical files have been submitted, CAST will review and decide whether the submission meets the requirements for certification testing. On acceptance, CAST will authorise the selected CAST accredited test facility to initiate the certification testing process.10 In exceptional circumstances CAST may provisionally accept the armour for testing prior to full acceptance of the technical file and declaration. If this is required by the manufacturer, a full justification explaining why it is necessary shall be provided to CAST for consideration. Certification will not be completed until all documentation is accepted by CAST. 3.8. Sample submission On approval of the declaration, the manufacturer shall send armour samples, corresponding to the requirements of Section 4.3 for testing to their chosen CAST accredited test facility. It is the manufacturerÕs responsibility to ensure that the appropriate quantity of test samples are provided to the CAST accredited test facility for testing to the protection level(s) specified. These samples shall be accompanied with a redacted technical file (Section