or in accordance with section 9 in relation to a relevant area which, or any part of which, coincides with or falls within the police area. (2) A local policing body for a police area mayÑ (1) 20 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) monitor the exercise by specified authorities of their functions under or in accordance with section 8 in relation to a local government area which coincides with or falls within the police area, or (b) monitor the exercise by specified authorities of their functions under or in accordance with section 9 in relation to a relevant area which, or any part of which, coincides with or falls within the police area. (3) A local policing body may report its findings under subsection (2) to the Secretary of State. (4) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision conferring functions on a local policing body for a police area for the purposes of subsection (1). (5) Provision under subsection (4) may include provisionÑ (a) for a local policing body to provide funding to a specified authority, (b) for a local policing body to arrange for meetings to be held for the purpose of assisting the exercise by specified authorities of their functions under or in accordance with section 8 or 9, (c) for the local policing body or a representative of the body to chair the meetings, and (d) for such descriptions and numbers of persons as the local policing body may specify to be required to attend the meetings. (6) If a local policing body acts under subsection (1) or (2), or under regulations under subsection (4), in relation to the exercise by a specified authority of its functions under or in accordance with section 8 or 9, the authority must co-operate with the body. (7) References in this Chapter (however expressed) to a specified authority exercising functions in accordance with section 8 or 9 are to the authority exercising functions conferred on it apart from this Chapter in accordance with the section in question. 15 Involvement of educational, prison and youth custody authorities (1) An educational, prison or youth custody authority (a Òrelevant authorityÓ) for a local government area and a specified authority for that area may collaborate with each other to prevent and reduce serious violence in that area. (2) A relevant authority for a relevant area and a specified authority for that area may