complaint; he himself has suffered serious injury as the alleged result of that conduct. [F253(2A) A person falls within this subsection if (in the case of a DSI matter)— he is a relative of the person who has died; he is a relative of the person who has suffered serious injury and that person is incapable of making a complaint; he himself is the person who has suffered serious injury.] A person who does not fall within subsection (2) [F254or (2A)] has an interest in being kept properly informed about the handling of a complaint [F255, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter] if— the [F249Director General] or an appropriate authority considers that he has an interest in the handling of the complaint [F255, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter] which is sufficient to make it appropriate for information to be provided to him in accordance with this section; and he has indicated that he consents to the provision of information to him in accordance with this section. In relation to a complaint, this section confers no rights on the complainant. A person who has an interest in being kept properly informed about the handling of a complaint [F256, conduct matter or DSI matter] is referred to in this section as an “interested person”. In any case in which there is an investigation of the complaint [F257, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter] in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3— by the [F249Director General], or under [F258the Director General's][F259direction], it shall be the duty of the [F249Director General] to provide the interested person with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the investigation is being carried out and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (9). In any case in which there is an investigation of the complaint [F257, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter] in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3— by the appropriate authority on its own behalf, F260... F261(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to provide the interested person with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the investigation is being carried out and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (9). Where subsection (7) applies, it shall be the duty of the [F249Director