2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “(3A) Without prejudice to subsection (2), where— an order is made under section 1(2A) of the Street Offences Act 1959 in respect of a conviction, after the end of the rehabilitation period applicable to the conviction the offender is dealt with again for the offence for which that order was made, and the rehabilitation period applicable to the conviction in accordance with subsection (2) (taking into account any sentence imposed when so dealing with the offender) ends later than the rehabilitation period previously applicable to the conviction, the offender shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as not having become a rehabilitated person in respect of that conviction, and that conviction shall for those purposes be treated as not having become spent, in relation to any period falling before the end of the new rehabilitation period.” Soliciting: England and Wales Before section 52 of Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c. 42) (but after the italic heading, which becomes “Prostitution”) insert— “51A Soliciting It is an offence for a person in a street or public place to solicit another (B) for the purpose of obtaining B's sexual services as a prostitute. The reference to a person in a street or public place includes a person in a vehicle in a street or public place. A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. In this section “street” has the meaning given by section 1(4) of the Street Offences Act 1959.” Soliciting: Northern Ireland For Articles 60 and 61 of the Sexual Offences (Northern Ireland) Order 2008 (S.I. 1769 (N.I. 2)) (kerb-crawling and persistent soliciting) substitute— 20 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “60 Soliciting It is an offence for a person in a street or public place to solicit another (B) for the purpose of obtaining B's sexual services as a prostitute. The reference to a person in a street or public place includes a person