damaged police- community relations (Eck and Rothman 2006); however, it is far from a unique story in American policing. The fatal DuBose-Tensing encounter in summer 2015 occurred amid a spate of other police-involved deaths of unarmed black males.2 Described by Sherman (2018) as the “Second great Awakening,” the reaction to these high-profile incidents involving the killing of unarmed citizens by American police has included public protests, civil unrest, widespread media attention, and heightened public scrutiny of police. Notably, the growth in public angst regarding police bias and use of force has been accompanied by rising concerns regarding police officers’ safety. violent incidents, including the murder of five police officers and wounding of nine oth- ers in Dallas, Texas, in July 2016, followed by an ambush attack killing three officers and wounding three more in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, led to national reflection and discussions regarding officer safety. Although overall assaults, inju- ries, and death of officers in the line of duty have continually decreased over the Hannah D. McManus is a research associate for the IACP/UC Center for Police Research and Policy and a doctoral candidate in the School of Criminal Justice at the University of Cincinnati. Her recent work includes the evaluation of police training, the study of public perceptions of police, and the promotion of evidence-based practice to enhance police officer safety and wellness. Gabrielle T. Isaza is a research associate for the IACP/UC Center for Police Research and Policy and a doctoral candidate in the School of Criminal Justice at the University of Cincinnati. Her areas of research include police effectiveness; survey design; and evaluations of police training programs, including de-escalation and implicit bias. NOTE: Ideas and concepts presented within this article were generated in coordination with other research conducted for the IACP / uC Center for Police Research and Policy, funded by Arnold ventures. The information and commentary within this article, however, are from the authors and do not necessarily represent the official positions or policies of Arnold ventures or the International Association of Chiefs of Police. 148 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy last two decades, the number of officers injured or killed through ambush-style attacks has increased in the last 10 years, reaching a peak in 2016 (Federal Bureau of Investigation [FBI] 2019). Acknowledging the dangers to both citizens and officers embedded in this police-community relations crisis, efforts have intensified to identify “solutions” to reduce the frequency and severity of violent encounters between police and the public. Expert panels, such as the President’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing, have convened to explore best practices in policing that “can promote effective crime reduction while building public trust” (2015, 1). Simultaneously, American citizens have organized to demand police reform, including changes regarding officer use of force. These demands have emerged during a time when the applica- tion of evidence-based policy and practice by law enforcement is increasingly expected yet infrequently followed. Indeed, most “best practices” for police reform are not based on a strong body of