other fora, with the aim of providing a ‘one front door’ model, where professionals gather information and make decisions about which pathways to follow for different contacts and referrals. This may lead to an assessment by children’s social care, early help or a response from universal services. Where local areas do not have MASH arrangements in place, alternative multi-agency safeguarding arrangements should be in place which deliver the broad principles set out below. SafeLives have published Seeing the Whole Picture: an Evaluation of SafeLives’ One Front Door which sets out what an effective model should look like. Local organisations and agencies should have in place effective ways to identify emerging problems and potential unmet needs of individual children and families. Local authorities should work with organisations and agencies to develop joined-up early help services based on a clear understanding of local needs. This requires all practitioners, including those in universal services and those providing services to adults with children, to understand their role in identifying emerging problems and to share information with other practitioners to support early identification and assessment. Effective multi-agency working (for example, a MASH): Needs to see and respond to the whole picture; Should embed the needs, safety, and wishes of victims; Should have a clear strategic focus; Requires active partners participating in meaningful joint working; Needs specialist skills; Requires safe and effective information sharing; Values and employs staff with the right values; and Addresses the behaviour of the perpetrator. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance See the ‘Principles for multi-agency working’ section. The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts (PCSC) Act 2022 (‘the PCSC Act 2022’) introduced a Serious Violence Duty to ensure specified authorities across England and Wales, being police, fire and rescue services, health, local authorities, youth offending teams and probation services to work collaborative, share data and information in order to put in place a strategy to prevent and reduce serious violence. Section 13 of the PCSC Act 2022 explicitly includes domestic abuse and sexual offences within the definition of “violence” for the purpose of the Serious Violence Duty.208 Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conferences A Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conference (MARAC) is a non-statutory process that brings together statutory and voluntary agencies to jointly support adult and child victims of domestic abuse who are at a high risk of serious harm or homicide, and to disrupt and divert the behaviour of the perpetrator(s). The MARAC’s working assumption is that no single agency or individual can see the complete picture of the life of a victim, but all may have insights that are crucial to their safety. The core MARAC agencies are: police, IDVA services, housing, children’s services, the Probation Service, primary health, mental health, substance misuse service and adult social care. At the beginning of the MARAC process, local agencies will refer victims to the local MARAC. Before the meeting, all participating agencies will gather relevant, proportionate, and necessary information regarding the victims, including children, and the perpetrator(s). The local agency representatives will attend the MARAC