and the retreat from coproduction: weak foundations and strong pressures’, in D. Weisburd and A.A. Braga (eds) Police Innovation: Contrasting Perspectives. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Tilley, N. (2003) ‘Community policing, problem-orientated policing and intelligence- led policing’, in T. Newburn (ed.) Handbook of Policing. Devon: Willan Publishing. Tuffin, R, Morris, J. and Poole, A. (2006) ‘An evaluation of the impact of the National Reassurance Policing Programme’, Home Office Research Study 296. Home Office Research, Development and Statistics Directorate. Wilson, J.Q. and G. Kelling (1982) ‘Broken Windows’, Atlantic Monthly March: 29– 38. Wood, J. and Marks, M. (2007) ‘Cultural change through “Nexus” policing’, in M. O’Neill, M. Marks and A-M. Singh (eds) Police Occupational Culture: New Debates and Directions. Oxford: Elsevier Science. Wright, A. (2002) Policing: An Introduction to Concepts and Practice. Devon: Willan. i I would like to express my sincere thanks to Peter Manning and Anne-Marie Singh for their helpful comments on a previous draft of this chapter. ii This is not meant to encourage the assumption that policing experiences in North America and the UK are largely same, nor that these systems are always appropriate for adoption by other cultures. Please see Brogden and Nijhar (2005) and Pino and Wiatrowski (2006) for more on the perils of ethnocentrism in police studies. iii COMPSTAT is a police administrative software package in use in the US. It is linked to the success of zero tolerance policing in New York in the 1990s. See later section in this chapter on zero tolerance and Moore (2003) for more. iv Democratic Policing, however, goes beyond the concepts of community policing to place issues of Human Rights and equity to the fore. v Scotland and Northern Ireland have their own separate policing arrangements and as yet no centrally organised community-type policing programmes as those to be described for England and Wales. vi Neighbourhood Policing Website, Accessed 20 June 2008, http://www.neighbourhoodpolicing.co.uk/publication.asp vii The PPAF system is soon to be replaced with the Assessment of Policing and Community Safety (APACS). This will measure the performance of all the public sector agencies involved in community safety under one system and is hoped to include more qualitative measures, a lack of which is a criticism of the PPAF (Flanagan 2008). viii COMPSTAT is a computerised system in the US that gathers data on calls for police service and levels of police activity. This can be taken down to the precinct level and can be made available within about a week of the data being collected. It is used as a management tool as well to determine where the police are and perhaps should be focusing their resources (Moore 2003). Menu Home Crime, justice and law Domestic abuse Guidance Domestic abuse: how to get help Find out how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. From: Home Oﬃce Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 — See all updates Related content Definition of domestic violence and abuse: g uide for