for a permit, using the space provided on the form. Applicants who wish to purchase a shot gun but who do not intend to use it in Great Britain should be directed to take advantage of section 18 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. This provision allows persons to purchase a firearm from a registered firearms dealer if that person has not been in Great Britain for more than 30 days in total in the preceding 12 months and the firearm is purchased for the purpose only of being exported without first coming into that personÕs possession. If a person wishes to purchase a shot gun and take it with them from Great Britain they will need to obtain a visitorÕs shot gun permit. Permit conditions 26.13 Under section 17(4) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 the chief officer of police has the power to attach conditions to a visitorsÕ permit. Under section 17(5), the chief officer has the power to vary, by a notice in writing, any condition of the permit. However, there is no power to impose or vary a condition so as to restrict the premises where a shot gun may be used. 26.14 In considering what sort of conditions should be attached, it is necessary to have regard to both the purpose and the proposed duration of the visit. Chief officers of police will want to consider the following: (a) It is recommended that all permits should contain conditions (i) to (v) set out in Appendix 9. However, it is important that all cases are considered on their merits with additional conditions added as appropriate (see below). A permit may be valid for up to 12 months, but the validity should normally relate to the duration of the proposed visit (but see paragraph 26.3); (b) Where an applicant for a visitorÕs firearm permit is coming to shoot in a particular competition or event, the permit should normally make reference to the specific competition(s) or event(s) in respect of which it has been granted as in condition (vi). Where, however, the permit is sought for other sporting purposes such as deerstalking, game shooting or wild fowling, the type of condition will necessarily be dependent upon the locations specified by the sponsor in the application; (c) Where the permit is required for one or more specified locations (these may in some cases be in other force areas) condition (vii) in Appendix 9 would be appropriate; (d) Where the circumstances of the application merit a more open approach, condition (viii) should be imposed; 194 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (e) Where a visitor also wishes to purchase a shot gun or shot guns for shooting in Great Britain, condition (ix) should be imposed to require the permit holder to notify details of purchase to the police and to enter the details of each such shot gun in the appropriate part of the permit. 26.15 A visitorsÕ firearm permit must specify the number and description of the firearms to which