of children. Understanding the emotional and psychological impact of domestic abuse is extremely challenging, and social workers will draw on a wide range of skills in assessing and responding effectively. The JTAI also highlighted the need to: develop age-appropriate tools to understand the range of risks that children face; adopt a systematic focus on the perpetrator’s behaviour rather than just focusing on the victim as the sole solution; and help schools support victims and families, particularly given the protective role education can play when the impact of domestic abuse is fully understood and taken into account. It is important for social workers to work in partnership with children, families and professionals, being both authoritative and empathic and recognising the shame, fear Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance and resistance that can surround domestic abuse. In doing so, they can draw on the key features of effective practice, including using a strengths-based and systemic approach, doing skilled direct work and reflective supervision and practice within their organisation, such as group case discussions. Successful whole family approaches utilise multi-disciplinary teams that can tackle issues on multiple fronts and share responsibility and risk across professionals. It is vital that social workers work effectively across all safeguarding agencies, including health and police professionals, in response to domestic abuse, including joint visits and approaches where appropriate, and adopt a timely flow of information to ensure plans and interventions are aligned. This includes children’s and adults’ specialists and, where available, local specialist domestic abuse services should be involved. A focus on underlying issues including mental health and substance misuse is important in order to break cycles of disengagement and reoffending. The co-location of specialists can help facilitate multi-disciplinary working particularly in places where families already know and feel comfortable. There should be data-sharing within, and between, teams, including qualitative recording of families’ experiences of working with professionals. Separate workers for victims and perpetrators and for adults and children, operating within the same team, can be crucial to building families’ trust and ensuring safety.155 Box 6.2: Case Study – Whole-system approach to safeguarding children 155 Department for Education. Children’s Social Care Innovation Programme: 2017. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Adult Social Care Victims of domestic abuse may also have care and support needs and already have involvement with safeguarding agencies. Individuals, who have care and support needs, may be particularly vulnerable to domestic abuse from intimate partners or family members, who may use the fact that they have caring responsibilities as a cover for their abuse. See sections on ‘Controlling or coercive behaviour’ and ‘Economic abuse’ in ‘Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic abuse’. The Care Act 2014156 specifies that freedom from abuse and neglect is a key aspect of a person’s wellbeing – this includes domestic abuse. The adult safeguarding provisions in the Care Act 2014 apply to an adult who appears to have needs for care and support (whether or not the local authority is meeting those needs), is experiencing or is at risk of