in Lancashire Constabulary. He has been a Police Officer for 23 years and developed the ConstabularyÕs approach to Evidence Based Policing which over the last 5 years has developed and delivered over 40 research projects, the majority of which have been in partnership with UCLan. As Head of Corporate Development and Futures Ian now leads on Evidence Based Policing for the Constabulary. The Constabulary also collaborates as part of Consortiums with Liverpool University, the N8 group of Universities and the Open University and has supported funding awards in excess of £6 million for Policing research. Ian has also acquired European Union funding for Domestic Abuse victim research. He is currently studying for a M.St. in Criminology and Police Management at Cambridge University Abstract Purpose Ð The purpose of this research paper is to identify and understand the demand profile of a division of Lancashire Police Constabulary in order to assist Police administrators in the evaluation of demand and understanding of Policing response. Design/methodology/approach Ð Police data records regarding all offences within the Central Division of Lancashire Police Constabulary over the year of 2013 were examined. Descriptive statistics were used to identify the top ten demand addresses in five categories (residential, statutory bodies, retail, nightlife, and young peopleÕs services), and the incident classifications, time frames and response codes that were most associated with these addresses. Further content analysis was conducted on the top ten residential addresses in order to identify specific characteristics of residential demand. Findings - The majority of Lancashire Constabulary resources are being spent dealing with non-traditional police demand. The most demanding residents were found to have one or more of the following properties; (i) to be of white Ð Northern European origin, (ii) to be unemployed, (iii) to be associated with mental health issues, domestic violence incidents or substance abuse, and (iv) to have previously had other agency involvement. Practical Implications - These results indicate that the police could potentially reduce the demand for service by enhancing work within two key areas; partnership working and early intervention. Originality/value Ð In this time of austerity and police budget cuts, it is important to understand the demand on the UK police service in an attempt to reduce it. Keywords Ð UK; police; mixed methods; demand; resource management; partnership working; early intervention. Paper type Ð Research paper Introduction As a result of cuts to the police funding budget (HMIC, 2013), police administrators need to achieve a balance between reducing cost and maintenance of service quality whilst meeting service demands (Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014). Achieving such a balance is challenged by the polices expanding responsibilities, i.e. new roles in community policing, security, and emerging crimes such as cyber enabled crime, (College of Policing, 2015). Therefore, in order to strike an appropriate balance between competing priorities and tight budget constraints, police forces are seeking to identify major resource consumers in order to understand how they can be addressed to reduce the strain on the service. Traditionally, reported crime statistics have served as