basis. Hot Flushes / Sweats = Ensuring a desk fan is on hand. Seating the member of staff by an open window. Ensure that working temperature and humidity is reasonable (Where possible). Providing a space to remove PPE / body armour at their home station during a rest break. Understanding with Line Manager that fresh air breaks will be beneficial. Urinary Issues (frequency, urgency) = Where possible, seat the employee near to a bathroom. Ensure cold drinking water is available and at hand. Understanding with Line Manager that more bathroom breaks may be required. Irregular / Heavy and painful menstruation = Ensure washroom facilities are available and are clean and easily accessible. Ensure Line Managers are aware that a washroom break may be necessary. Muscular aches / bone and joint pain = Make any necessary adjustments through review of risk assessments and work schedules/tasks and keep under review. Consider providing alternative lower-risk tasks. Follow Health and Safety Executive guidance and advice on manual handling and preventing MSDs (musculoskeletal disorders). Headaches / Migraines = Ensure that staff are trained in adjustment of screen settings on monitors / laptops (Eye relief mode). Ensure that staff have access to a break room and that an understanding is held with Line Managers that additional breaks may be necessary. Dry Eyes = Ensure that regular breaks from screen-based work are taken. Ensure that DSE training has been completed. Anxiety / Depressive symptoms = Access to EAP (Employee Assistance Programme) is available and that the individual is signposted to this. OHU management / self-referral if necessary. Where appropriate, use of Agile Working and the Flexi Time scheme can also be beneficial. RESPONSIBLITIES OF DIFFERENT PERSONS LINE MANAGERS: In all cases managers should: • Feel able to have open and frank discussions about the Menopause with a staff member if that individual has approached them with concerns about the Menopause. A discussion between the manager and the individual will identify where the symptoms may be causing issues at work, or at home, which may impact on the individuals mental health, affecting their ability to work. • Avoid asking an individual directly if they are going through the menopause if the individual has not approached them, but it may be appropriate to refer them to occupational health to consider the reasons behind any symptoms. • Be aware of the many sensitivities around discussing menopause with individuals. Therefore consideration must be given to the different circumstances involved such as surgery, or hormone therapy, as well as the Ômenstruation tabooÕ in some societies which prevents discussion due to cultural and religious beliefs. • Ensure they are familiar with menopause procedure and the definitions and symptoms of menopause. If managers are uncertain of how to proceed they must seek advice from HR regarding the interpretation of the procedure and matters therein. • Work constructively with the individual and OHU around reasonable adjustments in the workplace. • Ensure that the member of staff has access to, and is aware of, the relevant