dated written explanation of why it is/ was deemed necessary to step outside of policy and procedure, and • maintain an adequate record of this written rationale for audit purposes appropriate to the circumstances/ contravention • in the event that the officer/ police staff member feels unfairly treated they should report this to the designated Safeguarding Lead at the earliest opportunity ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITES Wiltshire Police has two designated Safeguarding Leads. The Safeguarding Leads have overall responsibility to maintain this document and make the force aware of any legislative changes. Safeguarding Lead for Student Learners - Head of People Development Safeguarding Lead for Wiltshire Police Staff and Officers - Head of Operational HR Each course will have a dedicated Safeguarding Officer in the form of the lead trainer. Any issues that arise should be directed to the Safeguarding Officer who will take the necessary and appropriate action. If any person has concerns regarding another individual they should make contact with a Designated Safeguarding Officer (DSO). It is the role and responsibility of the Designated Safeguarding Officer to be aware of any changes in legislation. The Public Protection Department (PPD) are experts in Safeguarding and if DSO have any questions or concerns regarding safeguarding they should contact PPD for advice. Chapter 3 of the Working Together to Safeguard Children 2018 document outlines the statutory obligations on the Multi-Agency approach and the equal distribution between the agencies. Managers are responsible for ensuring that officers and staff follow this policy and its related procedures and, where appropriate, receive safeguarding training to support their responsibilities and level of contact with children and vulnerable adults. Officers, staff and volunteers are responsible for carrying out their duties in a way that actively safeguards and promotes the welfare of children and vulnerable adults. They must also act in a way that protects them from wrongful allegations as far as possible. They must bring safeguarding concerns to the attention of the safeguarding leads. For further advise and guidance please speak to the Duty PPD Supervisor or outside core hours the Force Incident Manager (FIM) or Duty Inspector. DEFINITIONS Child. Health & Safety Law in relation to young people at work defines the term ÔchildÕ as anyone who has not yet reached the official minimum school leaving age (MSLA). Pupils will reach the MSLA in the school year in which they turn 16. Young Person. The term Ôyoung personÕ is anyone under the age of 18. The Force does not act in loco parentis for apprentices under the age of 18 and parental responsibility remains with apprenticesÕ parents, guardians or carers in accordance with Section 2 of the Children Act 1989. The only exception to this is in the event of an apprentice requiring urgent medical treatment, including any emergency operation, when parents, guardians or carers are unable to physically give consent. If the guardian of an apprentice is designated as the local authority social services department, but the apprentice has been in long term care of foster parents