a senior MCA/ HM Coastguard officer dedicated to resilience matters. 2.53. Category 2 responders 2.131. Electricity distributors and transmitters are covered by the Act. During an emergency affecting electricity supplies, the companies retain control of their operations and have to meet their obligations as prescribed by the regulator. It is crucial that their planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.132. Electricity companies operating within a given LRF area may be expected to attend the LRF meetings when relevant agenda items are tabled. They are likely to be represented by one or more of their number, who will report back to them. 2.133. Gas distributors and transmitters are covered by the Act. During an emergency affecting gas supplies, the companies retain control of the operation and have to meet their obligations as prescribed by the regulator. It is crucial that their planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.134. Planning in relation to oil and gas pipelines is covered by the Pipelines Safety Regulations. These arrangements, including exercises, are likely to be reported to the LRF. 2.135. The main gas distribution company in an area may attend the main LRF group on the basis of Ôright to attend, right to inviteÕ. It may act as a representative for other gas distributors, and report back to them. 2.136. Water and sewerage undertakers. During an emergency affecting water or sewerage, the companies retain control of their operations and have to meet their legal obligations. It is crucial that their planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.53. 2.137. In many cases, there will be one water company operating within an LRF area. It will attend the main LRF group on the basis of Ôright to attend, right to inviteÕ. Where there is more than one company, they may be represented by one of their number, which could report back to them. 2.138. Telephone service providers, fixed and mobile. There are many providers of landline services. There are five mobile telephone operators, each organised on a national basis. During an emergency affecting fixed or mobile telephone supplies, the companies retain control of their operations and have to meet their obligations as prescribed by the regulator. It is crucial that their planning arrangements be understood by the Category 1 responders, and vice versa, and that there be a free flow of information between them. 2.139. Fixed-line and mobile companies operating within a given LRF area may be expected to attend the LRF meetings when relevant agenda items are tabled. They are likely to be represented by one of their number, which will report back to them. 2.140. Railway operators. Responsibility for operation and maintenance of the railway track rests currently principally with Network Rail. There are