SAR verbally, provided that you have confirmed their identity by other means. You should keep a record of the date you responded and what information you provided. This is most likely to be appropriate if they have requested a small amount of information. You are not obliged to provide information in this way. However, we should take a reasonable approach when considering such requests. All applications for disclosure will be acknowledge on receipt by the FDU Exemptions In line with the accountability principle, you should justify and document your reasons for relying on an exemption so you can demonstrate your compliance. What should we do if we refuse to comply with a request? If you refuse to comply with a request you must inform the individual of: • the reasons why; • their right to make a complaint to the ICO or another supervisory authority; and • their ability to seek to enforce this right through a judicial remedy. If you believe, a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive you must be able to demonstrate this to the individual. Where an exemption applies, the reasons you give to an individual for not complying with a request may depend upon the particular case. In line with s45(6) of the DPAÕ18 there is no requirement to articulate why a disclosure has been fully or partially restricted if that, in itself, would prejudice the exemption you are relying on. However, if it is appropriate to do so, you should be transparent about your reasons for withholding information. 2.5 Timescales Requested information should be provided immediately and at the latest, within one month of receipt of the request. The ÔclockÕ will not start until the FDU is in receipt of all the required information to enable it to progress the request, such as identification documents. If the further information is not received within one month of being requested by the FDU, the request will be closed and the applicant informed in writing/email. The request can be reopened at any time upon receipt of the requested information from the Data Subject. Where a request is overly complex and involves a large number of records to be reviewed, the deadline for compliance can be extended by the FDU up to an additional 2 months. (Note this refers to GDPR processing only Ð HR/Finance/Recruitment/PSD etc.). Where this applies, the Data Subject will be notified in writing/email within the initial one month deadline. From a customer service perspective, the data subject should be informed as soon as is practical and not within the last few days of the due date. It therefore follows that decision makers should assess applications on receipt to identify the volume of data held. Disabled people Some disabled people may experience communication difficulties, and may therefore have difficulty making a SAR. We have a legal duty to make reasonable adjustments if they wish to make a request. If the request is not straightforward, you should document it in an accessible format and send it