crime was reported to the police: free, independent and confidential 24/7 Supportline 08 08 16 89 111 live chat service My Support Space - free online resource Safe Spaces Safes Spaces are safe, confidential rooms where victims can take some time to reflect, access information on specialist support services or call friends or family. Safe Spaces are also available in Boots, Morrisons, Superdrug and Well pharmacies, TSB banks and independent pharmacies across the UK. Find your nearest Safe Space. Check whether someone has an abusive past If you are concerned that a new, former or existing partner has an abusive past you can ask the police to check under the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme (also known as ÔClareÕs LawÕ). This is your Ôright to askÕ. If records show that you may be at risk of domestic abuse, the police will consider disclosing the information. A disclosure can be made if it is legal, proportionate and necessary to do so. If you are concerned about a friend or family member, you can apply for a disclosure on behalf of someone you know. You can make a request to the police for information about a personÕs previous violent o?ending in person at the police station or elsewhere, by telephone, by email, online or as part of a police investigation. Support agencies and services can also help you ask the police about this. Get a court order to protect you or your child If youÕre a victim of domestic abuse you can apply for a court order or injunction to protect yourself or your child from: your current or previous partner a family member someone you currently or previously lived with This is called a non-molestation or occupation order. You can apply online, by email or by post. Get a non-molestation or occupation order if youÕve been the victim of domestic abuse. Domestic abuse protection orders A domestic abuse protection order (DAPO) can: stop someone coming to or near your home decide who can stay or return to your home order the person to attend a behavioural change programme order the person to wear an electronic tag to check theyÕre keeping to the conditions of the order There are no court fees for applying. You can only apply for a DAPO if the person you need protection from lives in one of the following areas: Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Redcar and Cleveland and Stockton-on-Tees Greater Manchester the London boroughs of Croydon, Bromley or Sutton Apply for a domestic abuse protection order. Support someone you know If you are worried that a friend, neighbour or loved one is a victim of domestic abuse, you can call the National Domestic Abuse Helpline for free and confidential advice, 24 hours a day on 0808 2000 247. Or you can contact the other support services listed on this page. Seeking help for someone you know can be challenging but #YouAreNotalone. Domestic abuse advisers will o?er confidential, non- judgemental information and advice on the options available to you helping you