in the contractual conditions. Such disposal/destruction methods relate to information in paper or electronic form. h. The physical transfer of classified information/material as freight between the UK and CAN will be subject to approval of a Transportation Plan/Movement Plan by the respective CAN and UK PMOÕs and Security Authorities. 5. For UK suppliers, general advice on the handling and transmission of classified information can be sought from the following UK MOD Security Authorities: UK Competent Security Authority Defence Equipment and Support Ð PSyA-Security Advice Centre, Poplar -1, ~2004, MOD Abbey Wood, Bristol BS34 8JH E: DESPSyA-SecurityAdviceCentre@mod.gov.uk UK Designated Security Authority Ministry of Defence Ð Chief Operating Officer - Directorate of Security and Resilience (COO-DSR-IIPCSy), Level 4B, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB E: COO-DSR-IIPCSy@mod.gov.uk Action by Industry 6. Suppliers based in the UK are required to follow the arrangements provided herein when releasing UK O and UK OS classified information to Canadian suppliers. Further advice for release of classified information to a supply chain 1. outside of the UK can be sought from the Security Authorities listed above as necessary. Validity / Expiry Date 7. This ISN is valid with immediate effect and remains so until further notice. MOD Point of Contact Details 8. Ministry of Defence, Chief Operating Officer - Directorate of Security and Resilience (COO DSR-IIPCSy), Level 4B, Main Building, Whitehall, London SW1A 2HB E: COO-DSR-IIPCSy@mod.gov.uk Department for Science, Innovation & Technology Closed call for evidence Call for views on the Cyber Security of AI Updated 2 August 2024 © Crown copyright 2024 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk. Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned. This publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/calls-for-evidence/call-for-views-on-the-cyber-security-of-ai/call-for-views- on-the-cyber-security-of-ai Ministerial foreword Viscount Camrose, Minister for AI and Intellectual Property Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a vital technology for the UK economy and for supporting peopleÕs everyday lives. AI is enabling organisations to provide better services to customers and offer people quicker access to information. The UK AI market is predicted to grow to over $1 trillion by 2035 and we are well positioned to continue to take advantage of the relentless improvements in AI capabilities. As adoption continues to grow across society, we must ensure that end-users are protected from cyber security risks. This is essential when so many other AI risks stem from an insecure system. Organisations in the UK face a complex cyber security landscape and we want to ensure that they have the confidence to adopt AI into their infrastructure. Currently, 47% of organisations who use AI do not have any specific AI cyber security practices or processes in place. It is therefore imperative that we ensure that AI is designed, developed, deployed and maintained securely. AI is identified in the UKÕs National Cyber Strategy