civil contingencies policies; o facilitate co-ordination of contingencies preparedness across NI departments and the wider public sector when issues are cross-cutting; o maintain the NI Central Crisis Management Arrangements (see Chapter 12 in Emergency Response and Recovery). 12.14. The CCPB provides information and expertise to planners within organisations and facilitates co-ordination of planning between organisations through formal and informal structures and dialogue. Its customers are primarily government 12.1. departments and agencies but the emergency services and other public service bodies are also engaged. The CCPB also represents Northern Ireland interests in policy discussions at UK and international levels. Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework 12.15. The Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework sets out the principles of policy and practice which will be adhered to by Northern Ireland public service organisations in their civil contingencies activities. The principles in the Framework are derived from existing Northern Ireland arrangements and structures and from the underlying principles of the Act and other UK policies. The Framework is supported by guidance documents, including A Guide to Emergency Planning Arrangements in Northern Ireland www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/aguidetoemergencyplanningarrangements.pdf and A Guide to Risk Assessment in Northern Ireland www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/guide_to_ risk_assessment_in_northern_ireland_-_january_2010-2.pdf 12.16. The Framework requires Northern Ireland public service organisations to co-operate with those organisations in Northern Ireland which have duties under Part 1 of the Act. The Civil Contingencies Group, Northern Ireland 12.17. The Civil Contingencies Group, Northern Ireland (CCG(NI)) is a pan-Northern Ireland multi-agency forum for the development, discussion and agreement of civil protection policy for the Northern Ireland public services. In addition to its policy role, the CCG(NI) supports strategic co-ordination of emergencies as part of the Northern Ireland Central Crisis Management Arrangements in a serious or catastrophic emergency. 12.1. 12.18. The CCG(NI) meets on a regular basis (at least two to three times per year) to review strategic issues. The CCG(NI) may also establish subgroups or working groups to deal with development of policy and good practice guidance on particular topics or areas of concern. 12.19. The specific functions of the CCG(NI) are to: o undertake periodic review of civil protection policy in government departments and public bodies in Northern Ireland as appropriate, and will seek and gain agreement on policy principles and standards; o maintain liaison among government departments, the emergency services, other key public service bodies and District Councils; o disseminate information to and within member organisations on civil protection policy, current issues and risks and the response to emergencies; and will provide briefing on particular issues or emergencies; o collect and collate the information necessary to inform policy development or the response to emergencies and provide briefing on particular issues or emergencies; o establish standing or ad hoc sub-groups or working groups to develop policy for, or report on, particular issues or functions; and o discuss and co-ordinate the non-emergency service responses to emergencies which require a multi-agency strategic approach but which do not require the attention of Permanent Secretaries or Ministers. o 12.20. The group is chaired by a senior official from the OFMDFM.