may not purchase or hire any firearm or ammunition prior to *date7 when he/she will attain the age of eighteen years. The following condition(s) must be added to a young personÕs certificate when the certificate is granted, varied or renewed: Firearm • Until such time as the holder of this certificate attains the age of 18 years, a • parent, • guardian or • other person aged 18 years or over who is authorised under the Firearms Act 1968, to possess the firearms and ammunition to which this certificate relates, as agreed by the chief officer of police who issued this certificate, [*insert name] is responsible for the secure storage of the firearm(s) and respective ammunition to which this certificate relates. Shot gun • Until such time as the holder of this certificate attains the age of 18 years, a • parent, • guardian or • other person aged 18 years or over who is authorised under the Firearms Act 1968 to possess shot guns, as agreed by the chief officer of police who issued this certificate, [*insert name] is responsible for the secure storage of the shot gun(s) and respective ammunition to which this certificate relates. Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Appendix 4: Young persons and firearms law Note that the issuing of firearm or shot gun certificates are dealt with separately Ð see chapters 7, 10 and 11 Under 18 Under 17 Under 15 Under 14 1. Purchase any firearm or ammunition No No No No 2. Possess section 1 firearm Yes Yes Yes No Exemptions 1,2,3 (see below) 3. Receive gift of section 1 firearm Yes Yes Yes No 4. Possess assembled shot gun Yes Yes No No Exemptions 4,5 (see below) 4,5 (see below) 5. Receive shot gun as gift Yes Yes No No 6. Possess air weapon or ammunition for an air weapon (see note below) No No 2,3,4,6 (see below) No No Exemptions 2,3,4,6 (see below) 2,3,4,6 (see below) 2,3,4,6 (see below) 7. Receive air weapon, or its ammunition, as a gift (see note below) No No No No Exemptions 1. Carry for sporting purpose. 2. Rifle/Pistol Club or cadet corps 3. Miniature rifle range. 4. Under supervision of someone 21 years or over. 5. Secure gun cover (but this exemption is not available in respect of air pistols). 6. On private land with the consent of the occupier. NOTE Ð air weapons are subject to certification in Scotland (see Chapter 7) Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Appendix 5: Schedule of mass-produced antique air weapons whose production period pre-dates 1939 Air weapons from the 17th - 19th century are readily identifiable and tend to be of the pre- charged pneumatic type with detachable reservoirs. They fall into two main types: those which resemble conventional firearms and those which are modelled on walking sticks. Bellows and compressed spring mechanisms are also encountered. The beginning of the 20th century saw the introduction of mass-produced air weapons. Below are lists of air weapons which were mass-produced before