on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Armed Forces Act 2006 (c. 52) 4 In paragraph 12(aj) of Schedule 2 to the Armed Forces Act 2006 (road traffic offences in relation to which duty to notify service police of possible corresponding service offence arises)Ñ (a) after Ò1A,Ó insert Ò2C,Ó, and (b) after Òinjury by dangerous driving,Ó insert Òcausing serious injury by careless, or inconsiderate, driving,Ó. SCHEDULE 9 Section 95 SURRENDER OF LICENCES AND TEST CERTIFICATES BY NEW DRIVERS 1 The Road Traffic (New Drivers) Act 1995 is amended as follows. 2 (1) Section 2 (surrender of licences) is amended as follows. (2) For the heading substitute ÒPersons to whom section 3(1) appliesÓ. (3) Before subsection (1), insertÑ Ò(A1) Section 3(1) (revocation of licences) applies to a person whoÑ (a) is the holder of a licence, and (b) satisfies the conditions in subsection (1) or (3).Ó (4) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for ÒSubsection (2) applies whereÑÓ substitute ÒA person satisfies the conditions in this subsection ifÑÓ; (b) omit paragraph (a); (c) in paragraph (b), for ÒheÓ substitute Òthe personÓ; (d) after paragraph (d), insertÑ Ò(da) the Secretary of State is required under section 44A(2) of that Act to endorse the personÕs driving record with particulars of the offence and the penalty points to be attributed to it;Ó; (e) in paragraph (e)Ñ (i) after ÒpersonÕsÓ insert Òdriving record orÓ; (ii) omit Ò, or that date has been shown by other evidence in the proceedingsÓ; (f) in paragraph (f), for ÒcourtÓ substitute ÒSecretary of StateÓ. (a) 304 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Surrender of licences and test certificates by new drivers Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) Omit subsection (2). (6) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for ÒSubsection (4) applies whereÑÓ substitute ÒA person satisfies the conditions in this subsection ifÑÓ; (b) for paragraph (a), substituteÑ Ò(a) the person has been given a fixed penalty notice under section 54 of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 or a conditional offer has been issued to the person under section 75 of that Act;Ó; (c) for paragraph (c), substituteÑ Ò(c) the Secretary of State is required under section 57A(5) or 77A(2) of that Act to endorse the personÕs driving record with particulars of the offence and the penalty points to be attributed to it;Ó; (d) in paragraph (d), for Òappropriate personÓ