charge you for providing a certificate if one is required by a restriction on your property. Business owners Fill in a request for a restriction if youÕre a company owning property. Send your application to the address on the form - thereÕs no fee. If you do not live at the property Fill in a request for a restriction for owners not living at the property if you own the property privately - thereÕs no fee. If you live at the property Fill in an application for a restriction. It costs £40. Send completed forms to the HM Land Registry Citizen Centre. HM Land Registry Citizen Centre PO Box 7806 Bilston WV1 9QR HM Land Registry will tell you when they add the restriction. If youÕre a victim of property fraud Contact the HM Land Registry property fraud team if you think youÕre the victim of property fraud. HM Land Registry property fraud team reportafraud@landregistry.gov.uk Telephone: 0300 006 7030 Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm Find out about call charges Related content Registering land or property with HM Land Registry Property Alert You can also: get advice from Citizens Advice Bureau or an independent legal adviser report it to Action Fraud Explore the topic Buying and owning a property Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Working , jobs and pensions Redundancies, dismissals and disciplinaries Raise a grievance at work Overview If youÕre a worker and youÕve tried solving a problem or concern informally by talking to your manager but youÕre not satisfied, you can make a formal grievance complaint in writing. Your employer should have a written g rievance procedure that tells you what to do and what happens at each stage of the process. After raising the grievance youÕll have a meeting to discuss the issue. You can appeal if you do not agree with your employerÕs decision. You can also use mediation to resolve a problem. This can take place at any time during the dispute. For more information, see AcasÕs step-by-step guide to formal grievance procedures. Following the Acas code of practice You and your employer should follow the Acas code of practice on disciplinary and grievance procedures. Otherwise, if you take your claim to an employment tribunal, any compensation you might get could be adjusted by up to 25%. Related content Handling an employee's grievance Make a claim to an employment tribunal Next Grievance procedure View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Redundancies, dismissals and disciplinaries Services and information Government activity Benefits Education