1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “23 Police force collaboration agreements The chief officers of two or more police forces may make an agreement about the discharge of functions by members of any of their forces. An agreement may, in particular, provide— for the joint discharge of functions by members of police forces; for members of a police force to discharge functions in another force's area; for members of a police force to be provided to another force. An agreement may include provision about the discharge of functions by a police authority employee (a “civilian employee”) who is under the direction and control of a chief officer who is a party to the agreement. An agreement may provide for a member of a police force, or a civilian employee, to be under the direction and control of a chief officer specified in or determined in accordance with the agreement. A chief officer may make an agreement only if the chief officer thinks that the agreement is in the interests of the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more police forces. A chief officer may make an agreement only with the approval of the police authority responsible for maintaining the chief officer's force. In this section a reference to the members of a police force includes a reference to the special constables appointed for the area for which the force is maintained. An agreement under this section is referred to in this Part as a police force collaboration agreement. 23A Police authority collaboration agreements Two or more police authorities may make an agreement about the provision of support— for any of those police authorities; for any of the police forces maintained by them. An agreement may, in particular, provide— for support to be provided jointly by two or more authorities; for support to be provided for two or more authorities or forces jointly; for an authority to provide support to another authority or to a force maintained by another authority. In this section references to the provision of support include, in particular, the provision of— premises; equipment; staff; services; Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 5 Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced