or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 7.26 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not apply to all the inner parts where moderators where ba?es are welded in place possible and their attachment at manufacture. points of the moderator so that only a tube remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Muzzle loading firearms 8 muzzle loading firearms including break action (except cylinder loading revolvers) Guidance Notes Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright 24/03/2025 Terrorism Act 2000 (TACT) and National Security Act 2023 https://www.college.police.uk/app/detention-and-custody/terrorism-act-2000-tact Page Terrorism Act 2000 (TACT) and National Security Act 2023 This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 20 December 2021 Updated 8 August 2024 Written by College of Policing Detention and custody 6 mins read This section provides the main considerations for custody officers and staff dealing with Terrorism Act 2000 (TACT) and National Security Act 2023 (NSA) detainees. Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE)Code H and Schedule 8 of TACT set out the expectations and powers placed on the police in connection with the detention, treatment and questioning by police officers of persons in police detention under TACT. Code I sets out the expectations and powers placed on the police in connection with the detention, treatment and questioning by police of persons in detention under Section 27 and Schedule 6 of the National Security Act 2023. Counter terrorism (CT) policing has developed TACT and NSA form templates, which are accessible for authorised users from College Learn (login required). Designation of a police station In comparison to PACE custody facilities, where it is the responsibility of the chief officer to designate police stations, the Secretary of State designates places at which a person may be detained under Section 41 and Schedule 8 of TACT. Code H applies and section 27 and Schedule 6 of the National Security Act 2023 and Section 27 and Schedule 6 of the National Security Act 2023 and Code I apply (Schedule 6, paragraph 1(1)