order and their duration, and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the places at which they are held. The supervisor must— make any arrangements that are necessary to enable the meetings required by the order to take place; and once the order has been complied with, notify the court which made the order of that fact. The court making the order must provide copies of it to the offender and the supervisor. Subsection (9) applies where— the order is made by the Crown Court, or the order is made by a magistrates' court but specifies a local justice area for which the court making the order does not act. The court must provide to a magistrates' court acting for the local justice area specified in the order— a copy of the order, and any documents and information relating to the case that it considers likely to be of assistance to that court in the exercise of any functions in relation to the order. The order ceases to be in force (unless revoked earlier under section 1(2C) or under the Schedule to this Act)— at the end of the day on which the supervisor notifies the court that the order has been complied with, or at the end of the day specified in the order under subsection (4)(a), whichever first occurs. The Schedule to this Act (which relates to failure to comply with orders under section 1(2A) and to the revocation or amendment of such orders) has effect.” (4) At the end of the Act insert the Schedule set out in Schedule 1 to this Act. Rehabilitation of offenders: orders under section 1(2A) of the Street Offences Act 1959 The Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (c. 53) is amended as follows. [F5In section 5 (rehabilitation periods for particular sentences) after subsection (4C) insert— “(4D) The rehabilitation period applicable to an order under section 1(2A) of the Street Offences Act 1959 shall be six months from the date of conviction for the offence in respect of which the order is made.”] In section 6 of that Act (the rehabilitation period applicable to a conviction) after subsection (3) insert— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 19 Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes