by the police, or had a certificate revoked (see note 9) . members, prospective members and guest members must sign a declaration that they are not prohibited from possessing a firearm or ammunition by virtue of section 21 of the Firearms Act 1968 (which applies to persons who have served a term of imprisonment or been given a suspended sentence of 3 months or longer) (also see note 9) . the club has regular use of ranges for the categories of firearm in respect of which approval is being sought or given, as the case may be. Adequate financial arrangements must be in place to meet any injury or damage claim (see note 10) . the security arrangements for the storage of club firearms and ammunition are satisfactory (see notes 1 and 11) . the club does not run a day or temporary membership scheme, other than for guest members within the constraints of paragraphs O and P below (see note 12) . guest members must be: members of a recognised outside organisation; people who are known personally to at least one full member of the club; members of another approved club visiting as members of that club; or visitors possessing firearms that fall within the terms of the clubÕs approval and that are held on their personal Firearm Certificate or VisitorÕs permit or Permit under section 7 of the 1968 Firearms Act (see note 13) . the club does not have more than 12 guest days a year Ð guest members, (other than members of another approved club or visitors with a firearm certificate, visitorÕs permit or permit under section 7 of the 1968 Firearms Act as above,) may only shoot during a guest day, and must be supervised on a one-to-one basis at all times when handling firearms and ammunition by either a full club member or someone who is a coach recognised by the governing bodies; the club secretary must notify each guest day to the police firearms licensing department of the area in which the guest day is to take place at least 48 hours in advance (see notes 1 and 13) . anyone who applies for membership must be sponsored by at least one full club member . before becoming a full member, individuals must have a probationary period of at least 3 months during which time they must attend and shoot regularly; the probationary member must be given a course in the safe handling and use of firearms on a one-to-one basis by someone who is either a full member of the club or who is a coach with a qualification recognised by the governing bodies (see notes 14,15 and 16) . until a probationary member has satisfactorily completed a course in the safe handling and use of firearms, he/she must be supervised at all times when in possession of firearms or ammunition by either the range officer, a full member of the club, or someone who is a coach with a qualification recognised