alternatively, a National Highways patrol vehicle GUIDE FOR REPORTS OF THREATS, ADVERSE COMMENTS AND ENTRIES ON SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS Yes No Yes No Private message Open Are the threats, adverse comments / entries targeted at the victim / reporting person / identifiable person? No Yes No 3. Is the content indecent, grossly offensive, obscene, threatening, menacing? Yes Low risk and low vulnerability? No Medium risk and medium vulnerability? No Yes NICHE allocation Yes Grade as THR Grade as Immediate, Priority or Scheduled No Yes GOLDEN HOUR The golden hour is the term used for the period immediately after an offence has been committed, when material is readily available in high volumes to the police. Positive action in the period immediately after the report of a crime minimises the amount of material that could be lost to the investigation and maximises the chance of securing the material that will be admissible in court. Golden hour considerations Victims Identify, support and sensitively preserve evidence Scenes Identify, preserve, assess and commence log Suspects Identify, arrest and preserve Witnesses Identify, support and sensitively preserve evidence Log Decisions and rationale, circumstances, resources and conditions Family/community Identify, inform, primary support (needs, concerns, expectations, sensitivity) Physical evidence Preservation (CCTV, public transport, escape routes, ambulances, hospitals) Intelligence Identify, prioritise, maximise, exploit, consider, community and open source Prevent contamination Victims, scenes, witnesses, suspects Lines of responsibility Identify, inform, brief, coordinate and review 999 calls for Other Forces In the main these calls are where callers are reporting someone elseÕs emergency and the address is in a different location to the caller. It is important that the customer is not asked to redial 999 to ask for a specific area as this goes against procedure and BT operators will override the request and connect to the Emergency Authority (EA) with the presented routing information. It is the responsibility of the 999 operator to establish that the call is proper to the Force area and to instigate means of transfer if it is not. This can be achieved in several different ways in decreasing order of preference. i. Taking details of the call and passing the information to the correct Force Control Room; If option (i) is not possible, then ii. Recalling the BT operator and requesting that the call is passed to another EA or County. This may not be possible if the BT Operator has already relinquished the call into the system. The 999 Operator should not advise the caller to redial 999 and request a specific area or Police Force. The BT Operator will automatically connect the call to the relevant Force as per the presented routing information and override the request from the caller. If a call has been misrouted the 999 Operator should advise the CHA by completing a misroute form and sending to 999liaison@bt.com . DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: HQ Operations and Contact Management - CCC Procedure Owner/Author: Supt. Conway DUNCAN Technical Author: C/Insp. Matt ARMSTRONG Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Local Policing and Partnerships