a positive effect, rather than continuing to spend millions of dollars on a system that fails to keep students safe. Restorative policies have been proven to improve the average GPA and reduce student gang membership, depression, and substance abuse.17 Highlights • While the federal government has invested over $1 billion to increase police presence in schools over the past 25 years, these institutions still lack adequate mental health resources and school nurses. • Increasing school policing exacerbates inequity through disproportionate punishments with disabled, Black, LatinX, Indigenous, and LGBTQ+ students. • To address the inequities of school policing, New York City should eliminate police presence in public schools and resort to alternative safety measures that focus on mental health and dialogue between students and staff, ultimately leading to an environment where students arenÕt punished through suspensions and expulsions, but reintegrated into the classroom. • Restorative justice programs around the country have been successful in over 40 school districts that have already transitioned from school policing to alternative and restorative methods. Implementation To successfully implement this policy, New York City should begin with a phase-out approach. The NYC Department of Education should start decreasing police presence in selected school buildings so schools can eventually transition away from NYPD presence. Fewer police officers will allow educators more opportunities to manage student behaviors. Cutting down on police presence will allow funds to be reallocated to extracurriculars, teaching and learning improvements, mental health resources, and counseling. Simultaneously, restorative school programs will be implemented at these schools. In addition, increasing funding for restorative school programs should be a city priority. To successfully transition from school policing to rehabilitative and restorative approaches, New York City needs to significantly reallocate funds for restorative justice. In 2024, 6.5 million dollars was budgeted for restorative justice programs in comparison to over $300 million dollars spent on NYPD School Safety Officers.1,2 Research indicates that the cost to implement restorative programs in the first year is about $48,000 per school.18 A substantial reallocation in school safety funding would allow the development and implementation of safe and successful alternatives to policing in public schools. Even without policing, safety within schools is paramount. The process of implementing alternative forms of school safety should include soliciting feedback and suggestions from school and community members, advocacy groups, students, and parents. These key agents should provide feedback on safety protocols and mental health resources. Including school members, advocacy groups, students, and parents will effectively help develop and revise training programs that educators and counselors must complete at the start of every school year, using successful programs as a model for implementation. A committee within the NYC Department of Education would oversee and implement training programs into schools, collaborating with community and advocacy groups. This committee would oversee school safety responses and ensure the prioritization of mental health and restorative practices over punishments and suspensions. Funding for this would be accounted for in the initial reallocation of funds. Advocacy groups, including Integration and Innovation Initiative at NYU Metro