Education and Inspections Act 2006). Advice on this issue is included in the DfEÕs advice on school attendance (link below) www.education. gov.uk/schools/pupilsupport/behaviour/attendance/ a00216341/advice-on-school-attendance. Joint enterprise If a childÕs presence or actions lead to a crime they could be charged with the same offence as the main offender. For example, if the child provided support or encouragement to a fellow gang member who committed a robbery or killed someone, they too could be charged with murder. Further support is available from the Home Office and details are provided in Resource C. Gangs, firearms and knives For more information about the law, visit the gov.uk websites at: www.gov.uk/find-out-if-i-can-buy-or-carry-a-knife www.gov.uk/import-controls-on-offensive-weapons The law focuses on criminal behaviour. If an offender was or is part of a group or a gang, this may lead to a longer sentence. • It is illegal to carry a knife in a public place, even if it belongs to someone else. • It is also illegal to carry a folding pocketknife if the edge of the blade exceeds 3 inches (7.6 cm). • It is illegal to carry a pocketknife if the blade can be locked. • It is illegal to carry any knife, including folding knives, if there is intent to use it as a weapon, even if it belongs to someone else. • The maximum sentence for possessing a knife in a public place without a good excuse has been increased from two to four years. • It is illegal to keep any prohibited firearm, or to carry any firearm Ð including an imitation Ð in public, even if it is being carried for someone else. • The minimum sentence for unlawful possession of a prohibited firearm is three years for 16- to17-year-olds and five years for adults, with a maximum sentence of 10 years. • Police can and will search someone if they believe they are carrying a gun, knife or other weapon. • Police and school staff can also search young people for weapons at school. • Approaches with strong evidence of success8 Mentoring Mentoring (where a mentor works closely with an individual to give advice, and help to identify and solve problems) can prevent future behavioural problems, if it is done well * More regular contact, longer contacts, and combining with other supportive interventions appear to make mentoring more effective.9 * However, the research suggests that caution should be taken when implementing mentoring programmes. Poorly implemented mentoring programmes (for example, unstructured mentoring, or with unmotivated or otherwise unsuitable mentors) can make things worse. * The Early Intervention Foundation, in collaboration with the Home Office, has published advice on mentoring. The ÔAdvice for Those Commissioning Mentoring ProgrammesÕ, provides practical, evidence- based guidance for commissioners and practitioners to maximise the positive impact of any local mentoring provision, and minimise the likelihood of ineffective or unintentionally harmful practice. Bullying prevention Anti-bullying programmes (for example, the Olweus Bullying Prevention Programme and KiVa10) can reduce reported victimisation * There are many elements of different anti- bullying programmes that are