in the area. (3) In particular, the specified authorities for a local government area mustÑ (a) identify the kinds of serious violence that occur in the area, (b) identify the causes of serious violence in the area, so far as it is possible to do so, and (c) prepare and implement a strategy for exercising their functions to prevent and reduce serious violence in the area. (4) In preparing a strategy under this section for a local government area, the specified authorities for the area must ensure that the following are consultedÑ (a) each educational authority for the area; (b) each prison authority for the area; (c) each youth custody authority for the area. (5) A strategy under this section for a local government area may specify an action to be carried out byÑ (a) an educational authority for the area, (b) a prison authority for the area, or (c) a youth custody authority for the area. See section 15 for further provision about the duties of such authorities in relation to such actions. (6) In preparing a strategy under this section for a local government area, the specified authorities for the area may invite participation fromÑ (a) in the case of a strategy for a local government area in England, a person of a description for the time being prescribed by order of the Secretary of State under section 5(3) of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998; (b) in the case of a strategy for a local government area in Wales, a person of a description for the time being prescribed by order of the Welsh Ministers under section 5(3) of that Act. (7) Once a strategy has been prepared under this section for a local government area, the specified authorities for the area mustÑ (1) 14 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) publish the strategy, (b) keep the strategy under review, and (c) from time to time prepare and implement a revised strategy. (8) A strategy under this section must not include any material that the specified authorities considerÑ (a) might jeopardise the safety of any person, (b) might prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the investigation or prosecution of an offence, or (c) might compromise the security of, or good order or discipline within, an institution of a kind mentioned in the first column of a table in Schedule 2. (9) A strategy under this section