under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 (police forces in England and Wales outside London); the metropolitan police force; and the City of London police force; and references to a Scottish police force are to a police force maintained under or by virtue of section 1 of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967.” Authorisations for surveillance etc Section 33 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (c. 23) (rules for grant of authorisations) is amended as follows. In subsection (1), at the end insert “ (subject to subsections (1ZB) and (1ZE)) ”. After subsection (1), insert— “(1ZA) Subsection (1ZB) applies if the chief officer of police of a police force (“the authorising force”) has made an agreement under section 23(1) of the Police Act 1996 with the chief office of police of one or more other police forces. (1ZB) A person who is a designated person for the purposes of section 28 or 29 by reference to an office, rank or position with the authorising force may grant an authorisation under that section on an application made by a member of a collaborative force. (1ZC) For the purposes of subsection (1ZB) a police force is a collaborative force if— its chief officer of police is a party to the agreement mentioned in subsection (1ZA); and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make applications for authorisations under section 28 or 29 to a person who is a designated person for the purposes of that section by reference to an office, rank or position with the authorising force. (1ZD) Subsection (1ZE) applies if the chief constable of a Scottish police force (“the Scottish authorising force”) has made an agreement under section 12(1) of 12 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 with the chief constable of one or more other Scottish police forces. (1ZE) A person who is a designated person for the purposes of section 28 or 29 by reference to an office, rank or position with the Scottish authorising force may grant an authorisation under that section on an application made by a member of a collaborative force. (1ZF) For the purposes of subsection (1ZE) a Scottish police force is a collaborative force if— its chief constable is a party to the agreement mentioned in subsection (1ZD); and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make applications for authorisations under section 28 or 29 to a person who is a designated person for the