future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 5 (1) Section 14 (means of service) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (3)(d)Ñ (a) in sub-paragraph (i), after Òthe Secretary of StateÓ insert Òor a prescribed personÓ, and (b) in sub-paragraph (ii), after Òthe Lord AdvocateÓ insert Òor a prescribed personÓ. (3) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(6) In this section Òprescribed personÓÑ (a) in relation to an order, notice or other document made or issued in England and Wales or Northern Ireland, means a person prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State; (b) in relation to an order, notice or other document made or issued in Scotland, means a person prescribed by regulations made by the Lord Advocate.Ó 6 In section 15(3) (modifications of section 9 in the case of an order made on application by the service police)Ñ (a) in paragraph (g)Ñ (i) omit the ÒandÓ at the end of sub-paragraph (i), and (ii) at the end of sub-paragraph (ii) insert Ò, and (iii) subsection (5) defined Òprescribed personÓ as a person prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State;Ó, and (b) for paragraph (h) substituteÑ Ò(h) section 14 is to be read as ifÑ (i) the reference in subsection (1)(c) to a court in England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland included the Court Martial, (ii) subsection (3)(d) referred only to arrangements made by the Secretary of State or a prescribed person, and (iii) subsection (6) defined Òprescribed personÓ as a person prescribed by regulations made by the Secretary of State.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Special procedure for access to material relating to human remains Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 291 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 7 (1) Section 17 (regulations) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (2), for Òor 4(1)(b)Ó substitute Ò, 4(1)(b), 9(5) or 14(6)Ó. (3) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(6) Regulations made by the Lord Advocate under section 9(5) or 14(6) are subject to the negative procedure (see section 28 of the Interpretation and Legislative Reform (Scotland) Act 2010 (asp 10)).Ó SCHEDULE 6 Section 56 SPECIAL PROCEDURE FOR ACCESS TO MATERIAL RELATING TO HUMAN REMAINS Making of orders by judge 1 (1) On an application made by a constable, a judge may make an order under paragraph 2 if the judge is satisfied that the following conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that material that consists of, or may