with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 4 In section 217 (power to provide for court review of community orders), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) Regulations under this section may not make provision in respect of community orders which for the purposes of section 217A qualify for special procedures.Ó 5 After section 217 insertÑ Ò217A Review of community order qualifying for special procedures (1) A community order thatÑ (a) imposes one or more community order requirements, and (b) qualifies for special procedures for the purposes of this section, may make provision for the order to be reviewed periodically (Òprovision for reviewÓ). (2) Where a community order contains provision for review under this section, it mustÑ (a) specify the intervals at which the order is to be reviewed, (b) provide for each review to be made, subject to section 217B, at a hearing held for the purpose by the responsible court (a Òreview hearingÓ), (c) require the offender to attend each review hearing, and (d) provide for a report by an officer of a provider of probation services on the offenderÕs progress in complying with the community order requirements of the order (a Òprogress reportÓ) to be made to the responsible court before each review. (3) In this section Òthe responsible courtÓ, in relation to a community order, means the court by which the order is made. (4) For more about community orders that qualify for special procedures, see section 395A. 217B Powers on review (1) This section applies where a review hearing is held on a review of a community order by virtue of section 217A. (2) The court may, after considering the progress report, amendÑ (a) the community order requirements of the order, or (b) any provision of the order which relates to those requirements. (a) 336 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Community and suspended sentence orders: special procedures relating to review and breach Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) But the courtÑ (a) may not amend the community order requirements of the order so as to impose a requirement of a different kind unless the offender expresses willingness to comply with that requirement, (b) may not amendÑ (i) a mental health treatment requirement, (ii) a drug rehabilitation requirement, or (iii) an alcohol treatment requirement, unless