by line managers as part of the local induction at their designated place of work. All police officers and special constables will be informed of the ForceÕs first aid arrangements as part of their probationary training. Local arrangements will be discussed by line managers as part of the local induction at their designated station. Police support volunteers and agency staff will be informed of the ForceÕs first aid arrangements by their local Line Managers. Monitor and Review Workplace and Vehicle First Aid Containers All workplace first aid containers must be monitored and reviewed regularly by the local nominated first aider or appointed person. Vehicle first aid containers should be reviewed as part of the routine weekly vehicles checks. Replenishments and replacement should be ordered as soon as possible as per the above procedure. First Aid Procedure Document and Risk Assessments The First Aid Procedure will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis and in light of legislative change by the Health and Safety Section. The Force Occupational Health and Safety Committee and local Health and Safety Committees will also be responsible for monitoring the procedure document and its implementation on an annual basis. The Health and Safety Section in conjunction with staff association representatives will also review local first aid procedures and risk assessment at individual stations / offices as part of the annual health and safety audit process. INDEX CONTENTS 2 Introduction 3 Overview 3 Glossary of Terms 3 Strategic Aims 3 European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) Compliance 3 First Aid Procedure 5 Legal Requirements 5 Responsibilities 6 Senior Managers Error! Bookmark not defined. Line Managers 6 Police Officers, Special Contables and Specific Police Staff Error! Bookmark not defined. First Aid at Work (FAW) Certificated (paid) Police Staff 6 Emergency First Aid at Work (EFAW) Certificated (paid) Police Staff 6 Appointed Person 7 First Aid Provision 8 Risk Assessment 8 First Aid Arrangements 10 Approved First Aid Certificated Police Staff 10 First Aid Training 11 Police Officers, Police Community Support Officers and Special Constables 11 Force Tactical Medics (TFU and PSU) 11 Firearms Officers 11 Custody Sergeants / Detention Officers 11 Officer Safety Trainers and Physical Training Instructors 11 Recording and Monitoring of Trained First Aid Staff 11 First Aid Containers 12 Workplace First Aid Containers 12 Vehicle First Aid Containers 12 Force Tactical Medics First Aid Containers 13 Custody First Aid Provision 13 Travelling First Aid Kits 13 First Aid Containers 14 Purchase and Replenishment of First Aid Containers 14 First Aid Rooms 14 Provision of information to Employees 14 Monitor and Review 15 Workplace and Vehicle First Aid Containers 15 First Aid Procedure Document and Risk Assessments 15 INDEX 16 EMERGENCY FIRST AID PROVISION FORM 17 EMERGENCY FIRST AID PROVISION FORM Injured Person (please use capitals where appropriate) Name Date of Birth Job / Dept Division Address Details of Incident Date / Time of Incident Location of Incident Details of Injury / Illness Details of Incident Details of First Aid Provided After Care / Outcome