Work etc Act 1974, the Police (Health and Safety) Act 1997 and all other relevant statutory provisions and codes of practices. As the lease holder, owner or licensee of premises the Commissioner also has overall responsibility for managing health and safety matters in relation to the structure of premises. The Chief Constable has ultimate responsibility for the management and discharge of health and safety regulations in relation to policing activities, governed by the Police and Crime Commissioner. The Deputy Chief Constable has been assigned specific responsibility for co-ordinating health and safety, this includes supporting the policy with adequate financial and physical resources. We will establish suitable and sufficient risk control measures and ensure, so far as is reasonably practicable, the provision and maintenance of safe and healthy working conditions, equipment, safe systems of work and provide the associated training, information, instruction, and supervision. We appreciate that effective health and safety management makes good business sense. Embracing these principles and aligning them with our policing objectives will enhance our operational and business performance, through reduced absence, injuries, and ill health, reducing liabilities, unnecessary losses and protecting the environment. This goes hand in hand with delivering an effective and efficient policing service for Wiltshire and Swindon. People are our most valuable resource, and we are committed to ensuring our work activities are conducted in a manner that will, so far as is reasonably practicable, protect their health, safety, and welfare. As we continue to work through and beyond the covid-19 global pandemic, our new operating model, and agile working arrangements, alongside our infection prevention and control policy will ensure the continued health, safety, and wellbeing of all our employees. We recognise the value and implications of our young in-service workforce and continue to provide effective training, tutorship, and leadership to ensure their safety and enable them to thrive. Wiltshire Police are committed to preparing organisational procedures on new and specific health and safety issues and pursuing progressive improvements in health and safety performance beyond that required by legislation. All supervisors and managers are expected to ensure their working environment is as safe as possible, identifying significant hazards, adequately assessing, and controlling risks. Central to creating a positive health and safety culture is the need for all managers to actively consult with staff and staff association safety representatives. This will encourage their participation, co-operation and contribution to health and safety policy and will continuously improve health and safety standards. Effective communication of health and safety information, visible leadership and positive values and behaviours displayed by all employees is fundamental. As well as ensuring the health and safety competence of all employees through regular performance appraisals alongside the provision of expert safety advice. All employees irrespective of their rank, grade or position have a core responsibility for health and safety and have a unique and valuable contribution to make. All employees are expected to co-operate fully in the achievement of this policy and understand their legal responsibilities to take reasonable care of the health