by a chief officer of police under section 38 or 39 or his accreditation under section 41 shall [F436, subject to subsection (2A),] be exercisable only by a person wearing such uniform as may beÑ (a) determined or approved for the purposes of this Chapter by the chief officer of police who granted the designation or accreditation; and (b) identified or described in the designation or accreditation; and, in the case of an accredited person, such a power shall be exercisable only if he is also wearing such badge as may be specified for the purposes of this subsection by the Secretary of State, and is wearing it in such manner, or in such place, as may be so specified. [F437(2ZA) A power exercisable by any person in reliance on a designation under section 38B by the chief officer of police of the assisted force shall, subject to subsection (2A), be exercisable only by a person wearing such uniform as may beÑ (a) determined or approved for the purposes of this Chapter by the chief officer of police of the assisting police force; and (b) identified or described in the designation. In this subsection, Òassisted forceÓ and Òassisting forceÓ have the same meanings as in section 38B.] [F438(2A) A police officer of or above the rank of inspector may direct a particular [F439policing support officer or policing support volunteer] not to wear a uniform for the purposes of a particular operation; and if he so directs, subsection (2) [F440or (2ZA)] shall not apply in relation to that [F439policing support officer or policing support volunteer] for the purposes of that operation. (2B) In subsection (2A), [F441 Òpolicing support officerÓ and Òpolicing support volunteerÓ mean (respectively) a person designated as a policing support officer or (as the case may be) a policing support volunteer] under section 38 [F442(in relation to subsection (2)) or section 38B (in relation to subsection (2ZA))] by the chief officer of police of the same force as the officer giving the direction.] (3) A chief officer of police who has granted a designation or accreditation to any person under section 38 [F443, 38B], 39 or 41 [F444or an accreditation to any weights and measures inspector under section 41A] may at any time, by notice to the designated or accredited person [F445or the accredited inspector], modify or withdraw that designation or accreditation. F446(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5) Where any personÕs designation under section 39 is modified or withdrawn, the chief officer giving notice of the modification or withdrawal shall send a copy of the notice to the contractor responsible for supervising that person in the carrying out of the functions for the purposes of which the designation was granted. (6) Where any personÕs accreditation under section 41 is modified or withdrawn, the chief officer giving notice of the modification or