begun by one officer by another), (b) section 6 of that Act (officers' initial functions), (c) section 25(1) and (5) of that Act (conduct of civil proceedings in a magistrates' court or in the sheriff court), (d) section 25A(1) of that Act (certificates of debt), (e) section 31 of that Act (obstruction), (f) section 32 of that Act (assault), and (g) section 33 of that Act (power of arrest) other than in its application to an offence under section 30 of that Act (impersonation), but does not otherwise include any enactment contained in that Act. (9) This section has effect subject toÑ (a) any limitation specified in the official's designation under section 4 (supplementary provisions about designation), and (b) any designation of the official under section 11 (designation of customs revenue officials). 4 Designation: supplementary (1) A designation under section 3 is subject to such limitations as may be specified in the designation. (2) A limitation specified under subsection (1) may, in particular, relate toÑ (a) the functions that are exercisable by virtue of the designation, or (b) the purposes for which those functions are exercisable. (3) A designation under section 3Ñ (a) may be permanent or for a specified period, (b) may (in either case) be withdrawn, and (c) may be varied. (4) The power to designate, or to withdraw or vary a designation, is exercised by the Secretary of State giving notice to the official in question. (5) The Secretary of State may designate an official under section 3 only if the Secretary of State is satisfied that the officialÑ (a) is capable of effectively carrying out the functions that are exercisable by virtue of the designation, (b) has received adequate training in respect of the exercise of those functions, and (c) is otherwise a suitable person to exercise those functions. (a) 5 Directions by the Secretary of State A general customs official must comply with the directions of the Secretary of State in the exercise of general customs functions. The Director of Border Revenue 6 The Director of Border Revenue (1) The Secretary of State must designate an official in the department of the Secretary of State by whom general customs functions are exercisable as the Director of Border Revenue. (2) Before making a designation under this section, the Secretary of State must obtain the consent of the Treasury to the designation. 7 Customs revenue functions of the Director (1) The functions of the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs that are exercisable in relation to customs revenue matters are exercisable by the Director of Border Revenue concurrently with the Commissioners. (2) For the purposes of this Part, each of the following is a Òcustoms revenue matterÓÑ F6(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (b) anti-dumping duty (within the meaning [F7it has in Union customs legislation]); (c) countervailing duty (within