1986 insertÑ Ò14ZA Imposing conditions on one-person protests (1) Subsection (2) applies if the senior police officer, having regard to the time or place at which and the circumstances in which any one-person protest in England and Wales is being carried on or is intended to be carried on, reasonably believesÑ (a) that the noise generated by the person carrying on the protest may result in serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the protest, or (b) thatÑ (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 87 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) the noise generated by the person carrying on the protest may have a relevant impact on persons in the vicinity of the protest, and (ii) that impact may be significant. (2) The senior police officer may give directions imposing on the person organising or carrying on the protest such conditions as appear to the officer necessary to prevent such disruption or impact. (3) Where the one-person protest is moving, or is intended to move, from place to placeÑ (a) the senior police officer must also have regard under subsection (1) to its route or proposed route, and (b) the conditions which may be imposed under subsection (2) include conditions as to the route of the protest or prohibiting the person carrying on the protest from entering any public place specified in the direction while the person is carrying it on. (4) In this section Òone-person protestÓ means a protest which, at any one time, is carried on by one person in a public place. (5) In this section Òthe senior police officerÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a one-person protest being held or to a one-person protest intended to be held in a case where a person is in a place with a view to carrying on such a protest, the most senior in rank of the police officers present at the scene, and (b) in relation to a one-person protest intended to be held in a case where paragraph (a) does not apply, the chief officer of police. (6) For the purposes of subsection (1)(a), the cases in which the noise generated by a person taking part in a one-person protest may result in serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the protest include, in particular, where it may result in persons connected with the organisation not being reasonably able, for a prolonged