service in a multi-agency incident is normally focused on operations inside the inner cordon. Fire and Rescue ServicesÕ expertise and equipment for dealing with chemical emergencies, including decontamination on behalf of the health service, and their search and rescue capabilities, give them a key role in multi-agency planning. 2.116. In many cases, outside Wales, the boundaries of the local fire and rescue authority will be coterminous with or very similar to the LRF area. It will generally be appropriate for the fire and rescue authorities to have a single representative. Any other fire and rescue authorities which also fall within the same LRF area will be most efficiently represented by the lead authority, with that authority taking responsibility for keeping its colleagues informed of LRF deliberations. 2.53. 2.117. Although a part of the NHS, the Ambulance Service has a distinct place within the multi-agency civil protection effort. As one of the emergency services, they are at the vanguard of emergency response. 2.118. If a number of ambulance trusts operate within the same LRF area, it will probably be appropriate to agree a lead trust (reflecting both the geographical coverage within the LRF area and commitments with other LRFs). In Wales, there is a single ambulance trust covering all four police areas. 2.119. The National Health Service 72 (NHS) is a patient-led service across primary, secondary and tertiary care. Health sector organisations covered by the Act include Strategic Health Authorities, Primary Care Trusts, Local Health Boards, the Public Health Wales NHS Trust, Trusts (Foundation and Non-Foundation) that provide hospital accommodation and services in relation to accidents and emergencies, and also Ambulance Trusts. The above NHS organisations are all subject to duties under the Act as Category 1 responders, with the exception of Strategic Health Authorities, which are Category 2 responders (and are described below at paragraphs 2.151-2.152). 2.120. Particular care needs to be taken in establishing co-operation with the various parts of the health structure at LRF level. In addressing the responsibilities of a large organisation, it is challenging for single NHS representation to portray accurately the position of the entire local health economy on the LRF. Some LRFs have a health sub-group on which all the various health organisations are represented. In England, the local NHS is normally represented at the LRF by the lead Primary Care Trust (apart from the ambulance service which is separately represented in its own right) or, in exceptional circumstances, the Strategic Health Authority. In Wales, Health Boards, the Public Health Wales NHS Trust and the Welsh Ambulance Services Trust will normally each be represented. 72 References to NHS structures will be amended as appropriate following restructuring 2.121. Notwithstanding its close links with the NHS, the Health Protection Agency (HPA) should be represented separately. 2.122. Port health authorities are concerned with the prospect of human, animal and crop diseases being imported into the UK at seaports and airports. 2.123. Port health authorities are unlikely to be directly represented on the LRF. Generally, they will be