for the purposes of the monitoring arrangements (“monitoring steps”). The relevant persons are— the manager of the aerodrome, the chief officer of police for the relevant police area, any operator of an aircraft that takes off from, or lands at, the aerodrome, any person who is permitted to have access to the aerodrome for the purposes of a business carried on by the person, any person who occupies any land forming part of the aerodrome, the Serious Organised Crime Agency, the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, and the Secretary of State. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 111 If the plan specifies security measures to be taken by a person within subsection (4)(a) or (c) to (h) (“B”), the plan may also specify— that any other relevant person is to make payments in respect of the costs reasonably incurred by B in connection with the security measures, and the amount of those payments or the manner in which their amount is to be assessed. If the plan specifies security measures to be taken by a person within subsection (4)(c) to (h), the plan may also specify that the manager of the aerodrome is to provide accommodation or facilities in connection with those measures. A relevant person must comply with any provision of an aerodrome security plan which provides that the person is to— take a security measure, take a monitoring step, or make any payments or provide any accommodation or facilities. In subsection (1), “the day by which the security executive group for the aerodrome is required to be established” means the day which is the relevant day in relation to the aerodrome for the purposes of section 24AL. 24AF Aerodrome security plans: duration etc. An aerodrome security plan must specify the period for which it is to be in force. In the case of the first plan for the aerodrome, the period specified must— begin on the day after the end of the period mentioned in section 24AE(1), and end on either the 31 March next following that day or on any subsequent 31 March specified in the plan. In the case of any subsequent plan, the period specified must— begin on 1 April, and end on either the 31 March next following that day or on any subsequent 31 March specified in the plan. An aerodrome security plan ceases to be in force if the aerodrome to which it relates ceases to be one to which this Part applies. If there is