is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) or (as the case may be) subsection (2); state the effect of section 20; and specify the steps which may be taken to ensure that the alleged use of the premises ceases or (as the case may be) does not recur. A closure notice served by a constable or local authority may be cancelled by a notice of cancellation served by a constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned. Any such notice of cancellation shall have effect as soon as it is served by a constable or (as the case may be) the authority concerned on at least one person on whom the closure notice was served. The constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned shall also serve the notice of cancellation on any other person on whom the closure notice was served. For the purposes of subsections (3) and (5) a person having control of, or responsibility for, the activities carried on at the premises includes a person who— derives or seeks to derive profit from the carrying on of the activities; manages the activities; 18 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes employs any person to manage the activities; or is involved in the conduct of the activities. Applications for closure orders Where a closure notice has been served under section 19(3), a constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned may make a complaint to a justice of the peace F64. . . for an order under section 21 (a “closure order”). A complaint under subsection (1) shall be made not less than seven days, and not more than six months, after the service of the closure notice under section 19(3). No complaint shall be made under subsection (1) if the constable or (as the case may be) the local authority is satisfied that— the use of the premises for the [F65unauthorised sale of alcohol] for consumption on, or in the vicinity of, the premises has ceased; and there is no reasonable likelihood that the premises will be so used in the future. Where a complaint has been made to a justice of the peace under subsection (1), the justice may issue a summons to answer to the complaint. The summons shall be directed to— the person on whom the closure notice was served under section 19(3); and any other person on whom the closure notice was served under section 19(5) (a). Where a summons