such a fire and rescue authority falls. (5B) Subject to subsection (5E), in issuing or varying a police and crime plan, the police and crime commissioner must have regard toÑ (a) the current Fire and Rescue National Framework prepared under section 21 of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, and (b) the last document prepared and published by the fire and rescue authority in accordance with that Framework which sets out the authorityÕs priorities and objectives, for the period covered by the document, in connection with the discharge of the authorityÕs functions. (5C) A police and crime plan which the police and crime commissioner is required to prepare may be prepared jointly by the commissioner and the fire and rescue authority. (5D) If the police and crime commissioner and the fire and rescue authority prepare a joint police and crime plan, the plan must also set out the fire and rescue authorityÕs priorities and objectives, for the period of the plan, in connection with the discharge of the authorityÕs functions. (5E) Subsection (5B)(b) does not apply to a joint police and crime plan.] (6) Before issuing or varying a police and crime plan, a police and crime commissioner mustÑ (a) prepare a draft of the plan or variation, (b) consult the relevant chief constable in preparing the draft plan or variation, (c) send the draft plan or variation to the relevant police and crime panel, (d) have regard to any report or recommendations made by the panel in relation to the draft plan or variation (see section 28(3)), (e) give the panel a response to any such report or recommendations, and (f) publish any such response. (7) In complying with subsection (6)(c), the police and crime commissioner must ensure that the relevant police and crime panel has a reasonable amount of time to exercise its functions under section 28(3). (8) A police and crime commissioner must consult the relevant chief constable before issuing or varying a police and crime plan if, and to the extent that, the plan or variation is different from the draft prepared in accordance with subsection (6). (9) A police and crime commissioner mustÑ (a) keep the police and crime plan under review, and (b) in particular, review the police and crime plan in the light ofÑ (a) 8 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (i) any report or recommendations made to the commissioner by the relevant police and crime panel under section 28(4), and (ii) any changes in the strategic policing requirement issued by the Secretary of State under section 37A of the Police Act 1996; and exercise the powers under subsection (3) or (4) accordingly. (10)