Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (11) The court may not act under subsection (10)(b) unless it is satisfied that the offender has had adequate notice of the time and place of the adjourned proceedings. (12) The court may not act under subsection (10)(c) unless it is satisfied that the offenderÑ (a) has had adequate notice of the time and place of the adjourned proceedings, and (b) has been informed that if the offender does not appear for those proceedings the court may hear the proceedings in the offenderÕs absence. (13) On making a serious violence reduction order the court must in ordinary language explain to the offenderÑ (a) the effects of the order, and (b) the powers that a constable has in respect of the offender under section 342E while the order is in effect. (14) In subsection (1)(a) Òthe first appointed dayÓ means the first day appointed by regulations under section 208(1) of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 for the coming into force to any extent of section 165 of that Act. (15) In subsection (4) the references to the offence include references to any offence arising out of the same facts as the offence. 342B Meaning of Òserious violence reduction orderÓ (1) In this Chapter, Òserious violence reduction orderÓ means an order made in respect of an offender that imposes on the offenderÑ (a) the requirements specified in subsections (2) and (4), and (b) the requirements and prohibitions, if any, specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section. (2) The offender must be required to notify the information in subsection (3) to the police within the period of 3 days beginning with the day on which the order takes effect. (3) That information isÑ (a) the offenderÕs name on the day that the notification is given and, where the offender uses one or more other names on that day, each of those names, (b) the offenderÕs home address on that day, and (c) the address of any other premises at which, on that day, the offender regularly resides or stays. (4) The offender must be required to notify the information mentioned in subsection (5) to the police within the period of 3 days beginning with the day on which the offenderÑ (a) uses a name which has not been previously notified to the police in accordance with the order, (b) changes their home address, or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 183 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force