(13) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (10) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale. (14) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (12) is liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale or both. (15) In relation to an offence committed before the coming into force of section 281(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (alteration of penalties for certain summary offences: England and Wales), the reference in subsection (14) to 51 weeks is to be read as a reference to 6 months. (16) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend subsection (6) for the purposes of making provision about the meaning for the purposes of this section of serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of a one-person protest. (17) Regulations under subsection (16) may, in particular, amend that subsection for the purposes ofÑ (a) defining any aspect of that expression for the purposes of this section; (b) giving examples of cases in which a one-person protest is or is not to be treated as resulting in serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the protest. (18) Regulations under subsection (16)Ñ (a) are to be made by statutory instrument; (b) may make incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision, including provision which makes consequential amendments to this Part. (19) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (16) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.Ó (2) The Secretary of State must, before the end of the period of 2 years beginning with the day on which this section comes into forceÑ (a) prepare and publish a report on the operation of section 14ZA of the Public Order Act 1986, and (b) lay the report before Parliament. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 89 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Wilful obstruction of highway 80 Wilful obstruction of highway (1) Section 137 of the Highways Act 1980 (penalty for wilful obstruction) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) after Òliable toÓ insert Òimprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks orÓ; (b) for Ònot exceeding level 3 on the standard scaleÓ substitute Òor bothÓ. (3) After subsection (1)