described reassurance (Herrington and Millie 2006). In Povey’s paper (2001), reassurance is a goal in itself, and by achieving it the public could be encouraged to engage with the police more fully, and potentially provide more intelligence and other assistance in reducing crime. By being ‘visible, accessible and familiar’, the police would begin a virtuous circle, whereby the more reassured the public felt, the more they would assist the police, the more the crime rate would reduce and the more the public would feel reassured (Povey 2001, cited in Herrington and Millie 2006). There is thus a subtle difference in these two types of approaches to reassurance (in the former it is a process, in the latter it is an outcome), but only one could win out in the end. Towards the end of the NRPP, its five core elements were modified slightly from their original text to include a specific mention of tackling anti-social behaviour and a suggestion that tackling disorder is additional work. These suggest a narrowing of the scope of reassurance policing so that it is no longer purely based on the signal crimes identified in local areas, and that is not a ‘golden thread’ running throughout all policing work, but needs specific allocation of resources of its own. It seems as though national priorities were having an influence on how reassurance policing was to be done. Researchers who assessed the success of the NRPP reported that the police officers involved did not show an awareness of the concept of reassurance as a policing style, instead of being a policing goal. Their respondents often spoke of achieving reassurance with the public, rather than embarking on overall neighbourhood security (Herrington and Millie 2006). Thus the philosophical underpinnings of reassurance and signal crimes were perhaps being lost to a more general focus on community policing as had been exercised in the past. When the NRPP came to an end, it was deemed to be a success (Tuffin et al 2006), but was not implemented across England and Wales in exactly the same format as it was in the trail programme. What is now in place is a programme of ‘neighbourhood policing’. The signal crimes perspective is still named as an integral part of the approach, but the core principles have changed from those identified in Herrignton and Millie’s (2006) work to the following: Neighbourhood Policing: Is an organisational strategy that allows the police, its partners and the public to work closely together to solve the problems of crime and disorder, improve neighbourhood conditions and feelings of security Is managed within mainstream policing activity, integrated with other policing services Requires evidence based deployment of neighbourhood teams against identified need Establishes dedicated identifiable, accessible and responsive neighbourhood policing teams which provide all citizens with a named point of access Reflects local conditions and is flexible and adaptive Allows the Police Service to work directly with local people to identify problems that are most important to them, thereby giving people direct influence