victims. This is in recognition of the fact that the current rules on joint tenancies mean that periodic and social housing tenancies can be ended by either tenant, without the consent of the other. Victims who are in a periodic joint tenancy with a perpetrator can therefore be vulnerable to the threat of being made homeless by perpetrators. The consultation aims to consider ways to support victims and reduce the risk of homelessness. 174 Walker, SJ, Hester, M. Policy Evidence Summary 4: Justice, housing and domestic abuse, the experiences of homeowners and private renters. Domestic Abuse Housing Alliance: 2019. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance assess the accommodation-based support needs of all domestic abuse victims, including children as stated in section 57 of the 2021 Act. This includes ensuring there is support specifically for victims with unique and/or complex needs, such as mental health advice and support, drug and alcohol advice and support, as well as signposting accordingly. Local authorities should also ensure that the appropriate and adequate support within safe accommodation meets the needs of all victims including those with multiple and complex needs and whose support needs may not be able to be met within generic domestic abuse safe accommodation, such as victims with mental health and/or substance misuse needs. See ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’ for further information. Housing officers and homelessness commissioners should be involved in multi- agency working, including by being part of local safeguarding arrangements such as Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hubs (MASH) or MARACs. Safe Accommodation Part 4 of the 2021 Act introduces a statutory duty on local authorities, placing clearer accountability on local areas to ensure the needs of victims within refuges and other forms of domestic abuse safe accommodation are met in a consistent way across England. Under these duties, tier one authorities (county councils, unitary councils outside London, and the Greater London Authority and the Council of the Isles of Scilly) in England are required to appoint a Domestic Abuse Local Partnership Board to support local needs assessments and local strategies. Tier one authorities are required to effectively commission services based on a local strategy informed by a robust needs assessment, and report back annually to Government. The annual reporting requirement will help the Government and others to monitor how the new duties on local authorities are working, understand where there may be challenges and how the funding is being used, and help identify and disseminate good practice. The Part 4 duty also requires tier two authorities in two-tier areas (District Councils in areas with a County Council, and London Boroughs) to co- operate with the lead tier one authority. Under the duties, local authorities should consider the specific accommodation- based support needs of all victims in its area, including those with particular protected characteristics, and/or multiple complex needs. Relevant safe accommodation includes refuge accommodation, specialist safe accommodation, dispersed accommodation, second stage accommodation or other accommodation designated by the local authority, registered social landlord or registered charity as