asylum or nationality, (ad) the Director of Border Revenue and any person exercising functions of the Director,Ó. (2) In subsection (6)(a) of that section, after ÒpersonsÓ insert Ò or descriptions of persons Ó. (3) In subsection (9) of that section, at the appropriate place insertÑ ÒÒdesignated customs officialÓ and Ògeneral customs functionÓ have the meanings given by Part 1 of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009,Ó. Investigations and detention 22 Application of the PACE orders (1) Subject as follows, the PACE ordersÑ (a) apply to criminal investigations conducted by designated customs officials and relating to a general customs matter or customs revenue matter as they apply to relevant investigations conducted by officers of Revenue and Customs, and (b) apply to persons detained by designated customs officials as they apply to persons detained by officers of Revenue and Customs. (2) Each of the following is a PACE order for the purposes of this sectionÑ F26(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (b) the Police and Criminal Evidence (Application to Revenue and Customs) Order (Northern Ireland) 2007 (S.R. 2007/464). (3) In the application of the PACE orders by virtue of this sectionÑ (a) subject to the following provisions of this subsection, references in those orders to an officer of Revenue and Customs are to be read as references to a designated customs official; (b) references in those orders to the Commissioners are to be read as references toÑ (i) the Secretary of State in relation to general customs matters, or (ii) the Director of Border Revenue in relation to customs revenue matters; (c) references in those orders to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs or to Revenue and Customs are to be read as references toÑ (i) the Secretary of State in so far as the Secretary of State has general customs functions, (ii) the Director of Border Revenue, and (iii) designated customs officials; (d) references in those orders to an office of Revenue and Customs are to be read as references to an office of the UK Border Agency; (a) (e) references in those orders to a designated office of Revenue and Customs are to be read as references to a designated office of the UK Border Agency; (f) references in those orders to a relevant indictable offence are to be read as references to an indictable offence that relates to a general customs matter or a customs revenue matter; (g) references in those orders to a relevant investigation are to be read as references to a criminal investigation conducted by a designated customs official that relates to a general customs matter or a customs revenue matter; (h) references in those orders to a person being in Revenue and Customs detention are to be read as references to a person being in UK Border Agency detention; (i) references in those orders to an officer of