institutions and associated brands, representing a large proportion of current accounts, have signed up to the Code since its launch. They are implementing the principles set out in the Code, improving how they support 203 FCA. Occasional Paper No. 8: Consumer Vulnerability: 2015. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance customers to understand and regain control of their finances, which is often an important first step in regaining their independence. Links with the voluntary sector The voluntary sector plays a key role in providing specialist support for victims, their families and perpetrators. Many areas have voluntary support services, including specialist and ‘by and for’ services, providing support in the community and beyond, such as: national and local helplines; refuge services; advocacy (including Independent Domestic Violence Advocates and Domestic Abuse Prevention Advocates); outreach and floating support; support for children and young people; drop-in services; counselling and therapeutic services; group work and peer support; recovery programmes for victims, including children; research and evidence building; development of policy and service standards; and behaviour change programmes for perpetrators. The Government funds the Freephone National Domestic Abuse Helpline for England (0808 2000 247) run by Refuge. The Helpline offers confidential, non- judgmental information and expert support to keep victims safe and provide them with information in order to make informed choices. The Government also funds the only specialist LGBT domestic abuse helpline, run by Galop, an LGBT anti-violence charity and a specific Men’s Advice helpline run by Respect (0808 801 0327). Southall Black Sisters operates a specialist advice helpline for ethnic minority and migrant women with no recourse to public funds (020 8571 9595). There is also helpline support for perpetrators through the Respect Phoneline (0808 8024 040). The Live Fear Free helpline is the national Violence against Women, Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence helpline in Wales (0808 80 10 800) and is funded by the Welsh Government. These helplines and a non-exhaustive list of other specialist domestic abuse support can be found at Annex A. As specialist trained practitioners, Independent Domestic Violence Advisors (IDVAs) act as a victims’ point of contact, supporting those who are at high risk of harm from perpetrators. IDVAs work with their clients from a point of crisis to assess risk Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance levels, discuss options and create safety plans. This includes actions from Multi- Agency Risk Assessment Conferences (MARACs) as well as sanctions and remedies available through the criminal and civil courts, housing options and services available through other organisations.204 IDVAs may work closely with Independent Sexual Violence Advisors (ISVAs) in cases involving sexual assault or rape and the Children and Young People IDVA role provides specialist support in cases involving children and young people at high risk. For multi-agency working to be effective it is vital that the state works closely with the voluntary sector to ensure full and proper combination of expertise to provide holistic support. For instance, specialist domestic abuse support workers are highly trained to support families affected by domestic abuse and