the principle documents on Post Incident Procedures. Training Requirements All PIMÕs will receive the appropriate training and be accredited with the College of Policing and PFOA before they can practice. Selection for training within this demanding area of police work will be in line with the Forces current iPerform framework and the detailed evidence around certain specific criteria as laid down in the Authorised Professional Practice. CPD will be organised throughout the year in line with the material which is produced by the College of Policing IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required. Probationary Policy and Procedure for Police Staff All new appointments to the Wiltshire Police Authority will be subject to a probationary period which usually lasts for a duration of 26 weeks. Probationary periods are designed to enable both Wiltshire Police and the probationer to establish both the suitability of the role and the capability of the post holder. The probationary period not only measures the performance of the probationer but also examines their conduct and behaviour. As highlighted in the Code of Conduct, Wiltshire Police expects high standards from individuals in terms of their behaviour and conduct both in the workplace and when they are off duty. The probationary period enables police staff to become familiar with the Code of Conduct and the Police Service values of integrity, respect for diversity, compassion for others and commitment to public service. Any behaviour which falls below the standards required is unacceptable and will be addressed in the probationary period. 1. Scope of the Policy 1.1 The following procedures apply to all newly appointed permanent police staff and to temporary staff initially appointed on a fixed term contract for six months or more. Regardless of the length of the contract, the line manager should undertake periodic assessments of the work being undertaken to ensure that standards are being maintained. 1.2 The procedures will also apply to all internal appointments or ÔtransfersÕ within the Wiltshire Constabulary. Probationary transferees will be confirmed in post subject to the satisfactory completion of a probationary period within their new role. The duration of the probationary period will be in accordance with that set for new police staff. 1.3 Our Disciplinary Procedures will not apply during the probation period. 2. The Probationary Period 2.1 The length of the probationary period for both new police staff and probationary transferees will be 6 months. The normal probationary period may be extended prior to recruitment for identified posts (normally those requiring an extensive training period). The length of probationary period will also be specified in the contract of employment. 3. Purpose of Probation 3.1 The purpose of the probationary period is twofold: 3.11 To ensure that new staff members have the opportunity to become familiar with the practices and procedures of the Wiltshire Constabulary. 3.12 To allow staff members to demonstrate their ability to effectively and efficiently perform their duties. 3.2 During the probationary period the line manager has the responsibility to set the required performance standards and follow