Act 1996, (ii) the metropolitan police force, (iii) the City of London police force, or (iv) the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and (b) is not engaged on temporary service with the Police Service of Scotland in accordance with section 16 of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012. (2) The Commissioner must, where directed to do so by the appropriate prosecutor, investigateÑ (a) any circumstances in which there is an indication that the individual may have committed an offence in Scotland whilst acting in the execution of the individualÕs duties, (b) on behalf of the relevant procurator fiscal, the circumstances of any death involving the individual whilst acting in the execution of the individualÕs duties, which that procurator fiscal is required to investigate under section 1 of the Inquiries into Fatal Accidents and Sudden Deaths etc. (Scotland) Act 2016. (3) Section 41A (investigations under supervision of Lord Advocate or procurator fiscal) applies to an investigation in pursuance of a direction issued underÑ (a) subsection (2)(a) as it applies to an investigation in pursuance of a direction issued under section 33A(b)(i), (b) subsection (2)(b) as it applies to an investigation in pursuance of a direction issued under section 33A(b)(ii). (4) The Commissioner must, where requested to do so by the appropriate chief constable or officer, investigate and report on a serious incident involving the individual which occurred in Scotland. (5) Subsection (4) is subject to any provision made in regulations under section 41H(1) (investigations under section 41G(4): procedure and reporting). (6) For the purposes of subsection (4)Ñ (1) Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 19 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (a) a serious incident is a circumstance as described in section 41B(1) (serious incidents involving the police) which, instead of involving a person serving with the police, involved the individual acting in the execution of the individualÕs duties, other than a matterÑ (i) which is being investigated by the Commissioner in pursuance of subsection (2)(a) or in respect of which criminal proceedings have been brought following such an investigation by the Commissioner, or (ii) which is being or has been investigated by the Commissioner in pursuance of subsection (2)(b) or by any other person under section 1 of the Inquiries into Fatal Accidents and Sudden Deaths etc. (Scotland) Act 2016, (b) the appropriate chief constable or officer isÑ (i) the chief constable of the Police Service, where the individual was acting in the course of the duties mentioned in subsection (7)(b), (ii) otherwise, the chief officer or, as the case may be, the chief constable of the police force of which the individual is a member. (7) In this section, a reference to an individualÕs dutiesÑ (a) is a reference to the individualÕs duties as a member of the police force of which the individual is