homeowners saw their property values rise by 14.7%.11 Implementation The lawÕs passage is contingent on a simple majority vote by both the Assembly and Senate, followed by the New Jersey GovernorÕs signature. Incumbent Governor Phil Murphy has supported climate action and has set a goal of reducing emissions by 100% by 2035. Democrats also hold solid majorities in both chambers of the legislature, which bodes well for the policy. In the NJ State Legislature, a similar version of this bill has been introduced (S3545/A4696), which recently passed out of the Senate Environment Committee and was referred to the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee. The author of the bill, Senator John McKeon, said in an interview that he believes that his version of the bill will definitely make it out of committee and the Assembly will most likely pass it, but he was unsure about the Senate.12 To rally support, important state environmental organizations and lobbyists, such as the New Jersey League of Conservation Voters and the New Jersey Environmental Lobby, should reach out to lawmakers and help organize civic action. Significant effort must be put into organizing support for the bill among lawmakers within the NJ State Legislature to ensure that the votes are there to pass the bill. The bill has not seen any significant opposition yet because it is in committee, but there is a possibility that as the bill progresses, it will see opposition from industry associations and trade groups about its potential impact on the oil industry. A common critique of the bill is that the oil and gas industry will pass on the price to the consumer, increasing prices. The Fiscal Policy Institute analyzed the similarly structured New York bill and found that the policy would not lead to fossil fuel companies increasing prices for consumers.13 The bill would punish them for previous behaviors, which would not influence current or future decisions from fossil fuel companies. If a specific large emitter were to raise its prices in response to being charged by the Superfund, other companies would simply outcompete them. Once the law is passed, the state of New Jersey should direct the DEP to create specific guidelines detailing how a partyÕs responsibility is evaluated and how to calculate their emissions. The DEP will have to create a set of regulatory guidelines that allows the state to collect money proportionally to the amount of GHG emissions and the costs incurred by the state from the event. The DEP should also specifically define what makes a Òresponsible partyÓ and have guidelines to ensure that this party has the necessary economic or physical ties to the state. These guidelines ensure that the laws will be applied equally to companies, enabling quick and accurate application. Works Cited [1] Howard, Hilary. ÒNew Jersey Is One of AmericaÕs Fastest-Warming States, Data Shows.Ó The New York Times, July 3, 2024. https://www.nytimes.com/2024/07/ [1] 03/nyregion/new-jersey-warming- climate-change.html. [2] Hsu, Angel, Vivek Shandas, Diego Manya, and Daniel Vecellio. ÒUrban Heat Hot Spots.Ó Climate Central. Accessed