judicial approval An appropriate officer must give a written report to the appointed person in any case where— the officer seizes property under section 127C without the approval of the sheriff, and any of the property seized is not detained for more than 48 hours. An appropriate officer must also give a written report to the appointed person in any case where— the officer exercises any of the powers conferred by sections 127D, 127E and 127F without the approval of the sheriff, and no property is seized under section 127C. A report under this section must give particulars of the circumstances which led the officer to believe that— the powers were exercisable, and it was not practicable to obtain the approval of the sheriff. The appointed person means a person appointed for the purposes of this subsection by the Scottish Ministers. The appointed person must not be a person employed under or for the purposes of the Scottish Administration; and the terms and conditions of appointment, including any remuneration or expenses to be paid, are to be determined by the Scottish Ministers. The period of 48 hours mentioned in subsection (1)(b) is to be calculated in accordance with subsection (7). In calculating a period of 48 hours in accordance with this subsection, no account is to be taken of— any Saturday or Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, any day that is a bank holiday under the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 in Scotland, or Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 61 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes any day prescribed under section 8(2) of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 as a court holiday in a sheriff court in the sheriff court district within which the power is exercised. 127I Report by appointed person on exercise of powers As soon as possible after the end of each financial year, the person appointed under section 127H(4) must prepare a report for that year. “Financial year” means— the period beginning with the day on which section 56 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 comes into force and ending with the next 31 March (which is the first financial year), and each subsequent period of twelve months beginning with 1 April. The report must give the appointed person's opinion as to the circumstances and manner in which the powers conferred by sections 127C, 127D, 127E and 127F are being exercised in cases where the officer who exercised them is required to give a report under section 127H. The report may make any recommendations the