their own functions and are ultimately responsible for the performance of their duties; they must therefore be satisfied that they are being delivered correctly. Local Resilience Forum 2.39. Under the regulations, Category 1 responders must form a Local Resilience Forum (LRF) as part of their obligation to co-operate with each other.33 Category 2 responders whose functions are exercisable within a local resilience area co-operate with other responders by attending meetings of the LRF or being represented at it.34 (In circumstances where all the Category 1 responders in a local resilience area agree, this requirement on a Category 2 may be varied).35 Often in practice, as permitted by the Act, several responder organisations in a particular class will nominate a representative to attend on their behalf. 2.40. The LRF is the principal mechanism for multi-agency co-operation and co-ordination under the Act, based on each police force area. It is a process by which the duty-holders co-operate with each other. The LRF helps the duty- holders decide how they will interpret and meet their responsibilities under the CCA. It has no separate legal personality and does not have powers to direct its members. As a forum for responder organisations, it is not a local responder itself and has no specific duties under the Act. 33 regulation 4(4)(b) 34 regulation 4(7)(c) 35 regulation 7(5) PAGE 20 2.41. Organisations not specifically captured by the Schedule to the Act, such as the military and voluntary organisations,36 the Department for Communities and Local Government Resilience and Emergencies Division (DCLG RED) Team and Welsh Government will generally be invited to attend the LRF, contribute to its work and be involved in its working groups and sub-groups where relevant. 2.42. The chief officer group of the LRF must make arrangements to meet at least once every six months. The aim should be to space these meetings evenly and to develop a regular cycle. Meetings can be held more frequently if LRF members agree that is necessary. The chief officer group should be supported by a general working group and sub groups. The frequency of these meetings is set by the LRF .37 2.43. The LRF is not an operational body because it has no functional responsibilities to deliver during an emergency and no resources. However, generally, during an emergency, a particular set of those who make up the LRF are likely to come together as a multi-agency team to deliver their functional responsibilities. 2.44. Table 2 compares the role of the LRF with the role of the Category 1 and 2 duty holders. It shows how the LRF, acting through the powers of its duty- holders and on their behalf, undertakes certain key tasks Ð such as preparing and maintaining the Community Risk Register and preparing LRF multi-agency plans. Equally, it shows how the main responsibilities are delivered by the duty holders themselves. 36 regulation 23 37 regulations 4(4)(b), 4(5) - 4(7) Table 2: The role of the LRF and the role of the duty holder (Category 1