constable arrests a person under subsection (2), the constable must inform the person who applied for the injunction. (4) A person arrested under subsection (2) must be brought before a relevant judge within the period of 24 hours beginning with the time of the arrest. (5) If the matter is not disposed of when the person is brought before the judge, the judge may remand the person. (6) In calculating when the period of 24 hours mentioned in subsection (4) ends, Christmas Day, Good Friday and any Sunday are to be disregarded. (7) In this Part Òrelevant judgeÓ, in relation to an injunction, means- (a) where the injunction was granted by the High Court, a judge of that court; (b) where the injunction was granted by a county court, a judge or district judge of that or any other county court means a judge of the court that granted the injunction, except that where- a. the respondent is aged 18 or over, but b. the injunction was granted by a youth court, it means a judge of the county court. 58 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 44 Issue of warrant of arrest (1) This section applies in relation to an injunction under this Part. (2) If the person who applied for the injunction considers that the respondent is in breach of any of its provisions, the person may apply to a relevant judge for the issue of a warrant for the arrest of the respondent. (3) A relevant judge may not issue a warrant on an application under subsection (2) unless the judge has reasonable grounds for believing that the respondent is in breach of any provision of the injunction. (4) If a person is brought before a court by virtue of a warrant under subsection (3), but the matter is not disposed of, the court may remand the person. 45 Remand for medical examination and report (1) This section applies in relation to a person who is brought before the relevant judge or the court under section 43 or 44. (2) If the relevant judge or the court has reason to consider that a medical report will be required, the judge or the court may remand the person under section 43(5) or (as the case may be) 44(4) for the purpose of enabling a medical examination to take place and a report to be made. (3) If the person is remanded in custody for that purpose, the adjournment may not be for more than 3 weeks at a time. (4) If the person is remanded on bail for that purpose, the adjournment may not be for more than 4 weeks at a time. (5) If the relevant judge or the court has reason to suspect that the person is suffering from a mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1983, the judge or the court has the same power to make an order under section 35 of that Act (remand