121 (c) does not also authorise the supply of alcohol at a time or times during any such period.] (3) The Òlate night supply periodÓ in relation to a licensing authority means the period of the day decided by the authority under section 132 or 133. [F90(3A) Where a licensing authority decides under section 125(2) to apply a late night levy requirement in respect of both relevant late night alcohol authorisations and relevant late night refreshment authorisations, the licensing authority may determine under section 132(1)Ñ (a) a single late night levy period that is to apply in respect of both kinds of authorisations, or (b) two late night levy periods, one of which is to apply in respect of relevant late night alcohol authorisations and the other of which is to apply in respect of relevant late night refreshment authorisations.] (4) A late night supply period mustÑ (a) begin at or after midnight, and (b) end at or before 6 am. (5) [F91A late night supply period] determined by a licensing authority for a levy year must be the sameÑ (a) for each payment year beginning during the levy year, and (b) throughout each such payment year. (6) Regulations must make provision as to how payment years are to be determined in relation to holders of premises licences or club premises certificates. (7) Regulations under subsection (6) may, in particularÑ (a) provide for a holder's payment year to be determined by reference to the period in respect of which the holder is liable to pay an annual fee under section 55(2) or 92(2) of the Licensing Act 2003, or (b) confer functions or a discretion on licensing authorities in relation to premises licences and club premises certificates granted by them. (8) Regulations under subsection (6) which provide for licensing authorities to determine payment years must require an authority to decide how the payment years are to be determined at the time the authority decides under section 125(2) that [F92a late night levy requirement] is to apply F93.... (9) For the purposes of this section, a payment year is related to a levy year if it begins at the same time as, or during, the levy year. 122 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 127 Liability to pay late night levy (1) Where [F94a late night levy requirement] applies in the area [F95or part of the area] of a licensing authority, the holder of [F96a late night authorisation to which the requirement relates] must pay a levy (Òthe late night levyÓ) to the authority in respect of that authorisation for each levy year, in accordance with this Chapter. (2) But a holder of [F97a late night authorisation to which