key aspect of a person’s wellbeing – this includes domestic abuse. The adult safeguarding provisions in the Care Act 2014 apply to an adult who appears to have needs for care and support (whether or not the local authority is meeting those needs), is experiencing or is at risk of abuse or neglect, and, as a result of those care and support needs, is unable to protect themselves from the risk of, or the experience of, that abuse or neglect.157 Under the Care Act 2014, a local authority has duties to: Make, or cause to be made, enquiries if it has reasonable cause to suspect that the adult is experiencing or is at risk of abuse or neglect; Determine whether any action should be taken, if so by whom, and what that action should be. All local authorities have safeguarding adult procedures to support such enquiries and coordinate action with partner organisations; Arrange for independent advocacy to be available to adults who have difficulty in taking part in the process, and where there is no other appropriate adult to assist; Co-operate with other agencies; Establish a Safeguarding Adults Board for its area to provide assurance that local safeguarding arrangements and partners are acting to help and protect adults that are at risk of abuse of neglect. Safeguarding Adult Boards also have 156 In Wales, refer to the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014. 157 See paragraph 14.2 of the Care and Support Statutory Guidance. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance the authority to carry out Safeguarding Adult Reviews where an adult with care and support needs has suffered serious harm, neglect, or death; and Establish and maintain a service for providing people in its area with information and advice, including on how to raise concerns about the safety or wellbeing of an adult who has needs for care and support. As well as the specific statutory duties to safeguard adults with care and support needs, local authorities have a number of general duties under Part 1 of the Care Act 2014. These include a duty to promote individual wellbeing and prevent needs for care and support developing, by promoting individuals’ personal dignity; emotional, social and economic wellbeing; participation in society; and control over their day-to-day lives. In addition, there are specific duties to undertake a needs (and where applicable) carer’s needs assessment. Both local domestic abuse and safeguarding adults’ protocols will apply to situations where a person, who has care and support needs that prevent them from safeguarding themselves, is experiencing domestic abuse. Safeguarding work should ensure that the person experiencing abuse has support to access a choice of specialist domestic abuse services and that there is partnership working with health and social care providers, housing and criminal justice agencies, as well as specialist domestic abuse and advocacy services. The Mental Capacity Act 2005 (‘the 2005 Act’) also offers protections against abuse, including domestic abuse, by creating the criminal offences of ill treatment and wilful neglect of a person