a service specialising in domestic abuse, so it is important for all mental health support services and providers to be aware of indicators of possible domestic abuse, to ask about the individual’s experiences in private discussion and to be appropriately trained to respond. Mental health services may need to tailor their support and work with other support services to provide this support. For further information, see the section on ‘Psychological’ impacts. Socio-economic background Individuals may be victims of domestic abuse regardless of their socio-economic position and background. However, socio-economic status has been identified as a risk factor for many types of crime and violence, including domestic abuse.138 See also the ‘Livelihood’ section in ‘Chapter 4 – Impact of Domestic Abuse’. An evidence review suggests that there may be particular risks associated with having low income, economic strain and benefit receipt, for example, in exacerbating interpersonal dependency and/or compounding wider patterns of vulnerability relating to lack of employment or poor access to social support.139 Consideration should be given to these circumstances and its relation to any abusive behaviours present, and the specific needs of victims and potential barriers to accessing services. As emphasised throughout this guidance, it is important to highlight that simply because an individual is exposed to any one of these factors, it does not necessarily mean they will experience or carry out domestic abuse. 138 Capaldi, D. Knoble, N. Shortt, J. Hyon, K., 2012. A systematic review of risk factors for intimate partner violence. Partner Abuse. Volume 2, Issue 3, pp 231-280. 139 Fahmy, E, Williamson E, Pantazis, C. Evidence and policy review: Domestic violence and poverty: A research report for the Joseph Rowntree Foundation: University of Bristol: 2016. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 6 – Agency Response to Domestic Abuse Identifying and responding This chapter outlines the role of individual agencies in responding to domestic abuse. It often takes victims of domestic abuse a significant period of time to seek effective help from agencies.140 Further to this, victims of domestic abuse with protected characteristics (as defined by section 4 of the Equality Act 2010) may face additional barriers to accessing support.141 Children and young people may also face different or additional barriers to disclosing their abuse.142 See ‘Chapter 4 – Impact of Domestic Abuse’ and ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’. Given that less than 1 in 5 victims report their abuse to the police143, many victims of domestic abuse do not come into contact with the criminal justice system. It is therefore important that a wide range of agencies and bodies are able to identify victims and know how to provide the right response. Early intervention by the voluntary sector and statutory agencies working together can help to protect adults and children from further harm, as well as preventing escalation and recurrence of abuse. Public agencies should invest in awareness raising, specialist training and systems change within their services to ensure that victims receive effective and safe responses and that information