arrest strategy, considerations around timings, background checks, searches, planning, pre-arrest briefings and post-arrest issues are included. TIE strategy The term trace/interview/eliminate (TIE) is taken from major incident investigation. Some forces use alternative terminology (trace/implicate/eliminate, trace/implicate/evaluate) but this does not affect the procedures for TIE enquiries. Steps: 1. Constructing a TIE category 2. Populating and prioritising a TIE category 3. Setting TIE parameters for suspects and time 4. Establishing elimination criteria 5. Conducting TIE enquiries 6. Managing not eliminated TIE subjects Investigative effort can be focused on those implicated, in order to identify the suspect(s). Investigators unfamiliar with this technique should seek assistance from experienced colleagues/supervisors. TIE strategies can be highly resource intensive and, unless managed effectively, have the potential to incorrectly eliminate the offender. Investigators may also consider using intelligence-led mass screening enquiries as part of the TIE strategy in major crime investigations. TIE strategy example An investigation into the assault of a man in a bar has failed to identify the suspect and the investigator decides to use a TIE strategy. Parameters The suspect and time parameters, based on witness testimony, are set as: white man 20Ð30 years 5Õ10Ó to 6Õ2Ó tall dark hair gold earring in left ear 22.15Ð22.30 Category All the men in the bar at the time of the offence are included in the category. Populating the TIE category is difficult because it is not known who was in the bar at the time. Approach The investigator adopts a snowballing technique, starting with the witnesses who are already known. Twenty people are identified and four fit the suspect parameters. Three were with others who provide credible alibis. The fourth states that he did not visit the bar that evening and was home alone at the time of the assault. This generates further enquiries to test the sighting of him in the bar. Constructing a TIE category A TIE category is a group of people sharing a common characteristic which is likely to include the offender. TIE categories are typically based on those: with access to the scene at the time of the offence in the vicinity of the scene at the time of the offence living in, or associated with, a certain geographical area or relevant premises related to, or associated with, the victim with previous convictions for similar offences (usually known as MO suspects) with physical characteristics similar to the offender with access to certain types of vehicle This is not an exhaustive list, and the more that is known about the circumstances of the crime, the greater the chances of constructing an accurate TIE category. Some pre-work may be required to determine the most suitable characteristics to use. As more material becomes available, the validity of TIE categories can be reassessed. Populating and prioritising a TIE category Having decided which groups are likely to include the offender, investigators must identify as many group members as possible. Sometimes this is known with a degree of certainty. For example, a check of company records could create