by reference, for example, to Table 2 above which examines the tasks of the LRF, and also Annex A). 2.87. Consideration should be given to how to allocate the different types of information request across the various forms of managed co-operation proposed: o through LRFs; o through groups of LRFs (and the Welsh Resilience Forum); o through LGD websites; o through Category 1 and 2 responder websites; o through secure national communications media; and o through the use of protocols between all the parties to agree the appropriate use of all the above. Support from lead government departments 2.88. Working with the organisations they sponsor, lead government departments (LGDs) can act as a clearing house for answering certain generic types of request from Category 1 responders. This can be done through a variety of means including through the use of a web site with, for example, a Frequently Asked Questions page (as, for example, the CCS website on Category 2 responders69 ). 69 www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource-library/civil-contingencies-act-category-2-responders-overview-sectors-and-emergency-planni 2.89. LGDs can also assist LRFs by ensuring that requests for action in a local resilience area are made to the duty-holders, rather than added to the expectations placed on the LRF. Other forms of co-operation to improve information sharing 2.90. Category 2 responders themselves and their national associations can assist Category 1 responders by providing generic information on their websites tailored to the specific needs of local responders. 2.91. Other means of making information available to local responders are through secure national communications media, such as the National Resilience Extranet. PAGE 43 A Category 1 or 2 responder Òshall have regard to guidanceÓ issued by a Minister of the Crown about Òthe matters specifiedÓ in regulations (s2(3) and (5) and s3(3)(b)). The Local Resilience Forum 2.92. The LRF has essentially two roles as illustrated in Figure 1 below: 70 o To link up organisations at the local level; and o To serve as one tier in a chain of resilience organisations at the local, multi-LRF and national levels. Figure 1: Resilience across the tiers of government 70 Please note that Diagram 1 should not be taken as demonstrating a hierarchical relationship. It is also generic and schematic. It does not, for example, describe the particular arrangements in Wales - including the Wales Resilience Forum and the links to the Welsh Government as lead government department in some areas. PAGE 44 2.93. Supporting the LRF and facilitating its work in the resilience chain is the Department of Communities and Local Government Resilience and Emergencies Division Team in England, and in Wales, the emergencies branch of the Welsh Government (WG). In addition, there are Lead Government Departments (LGDs) which relate to each of the Category 1 and 2 responders and represent them at a UK level as well as issuing guidance in relation to their functions. WG has devolved responsibility in a number of areas, such as environment and animal health, and acts as an LGD for those areas in Wales. Finally, there is the Civil Contingencies