unauthorised access; d) Where at all possible, you must not expose your IT equipment to any environmental hazard, such as extremes of temperature; e) You must not install any software or attempt to use any USB device that has not been authorised by the ICT Department. If you require any software or other devices for your work, you must consult your line manager and the ICT Department; f) You must not modify your IT equipment in any way; this includes any amendments to the hardware and software configuration; g) You must always report any IT problems to the ICT Service Desk. a) 6. USER IDENTIFICATION, ACCESS AND MONITORING You must only access and use the Police/OPCC IT network, systems and applications if you are authorised to do so. If you are granted access, it is so that you are able to perform your duties efficiently. You must remember that access has been granted for your sole use by means of a unique user account and password. This applies to the different user accounts that may be granted to you for access to the Police/OPCC network, information systems and applications. You must not give details of your user account and password to anyone, including your line manager; you must not share any user account allocated to you with anyone else. Wiltshire Police and OPCC (within its legal rights) is able to track the activities of each user via their user account, and identify exactly what they have accessed and what actions have been taken. If it is your user account that is logged as attempting an unauthorised or illegal action, you may be held responsible. It is in your interests to ensure that you safeguard your user account and password details at all times. In order to ensure compliance with legislation, regulations, contracts and its information security policies, the Force reserves the right to monitor user activities. 7. INFORMATION CLASSIFICATION, LABELLING AND HANDLING The ForceÕs Information Classification and Handling Policy provides you with the guidance you require to be able to do your job in a secure and responsible manner. The Information Management Policy applies to all information irrespective of its form, including electronic information, e.g. databases and files, computer media based information, e.g. stored on CDs, DVDs and USB devices, and paper based documents. All information that is handled by the Wiltshire Police and OPCC has a classification to determine the level of security it requires and the way in which it must be handled. For every document you produce, you are personally responsible for defining its classification on behalf of the Force. When you are classifying information, you must consider its sensitivity and how much protection it needs. Appropriate safeguards must be put in place to protect personal, sensitive and/or information classified under the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) (see Government Security Classification Guidance Handout for details). The extent of the safeguards should be in proportion to the degree of risk posed. When using the Wiltshire Police and OPCC