welding ensures a sourced is of the correct hardness before permanent and e?ective bond. Arms falling outside of the scope of the EU regulation should continue to be deactivated in accordance with ÔSpecifications for the adaptation of shotgun magazines and the deactivation of firearms, revised 2010Õ. Arms deactivated prior to the introduction of the regulation submitted for re-certification can still be issued with a UK valid only certificate. It must be noted that should the arm subsequently be sold, exported or fall within the remit of the regulation in any way, it must be brought up to the specification of the EU regulation. Pistols welding it on the firearm. A sample of each should be supplied for retention by the Proof Authority as spot checks will be carried out by them and other o?cial bodies. 1 Pistols (single shot, semi-automatic) Guidance Notes Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 1.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot through the barrel including the chamber where present (width: > ? calibre; length: for rifled barrels three times the length of chamber and for smoothbore barrels twice the length of the chamber). 1.2 Barrel: For all pistols other than those with break action barrels a hole must be drilled across the chamber through both walls and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % chamber, min 4,5 mm). The same pin can be used to secure the barrel to the action. Alternatively, a plug of the size of the cartridge case must be inserted into the chamber and securely welded. 1.3 Barrel: Remove the feed ramp where present. 1.4 Barrel: The barrel must be permanently In pistols where removal of the secured to the firearm by welding, bonding or barrel requires the removal of by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. The pin used in operation 1.2 can be used for this purpose. the slide, this process may be achieved by the general provision of slide captivation. 1.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels not contained in Note - 1. 4 does not apply to 1.1 a pistol, apply operations 1.1-1.4 and 1.19 as applicable. In addition, the barrels must be exchange barrels. Exchange barrels for pistols may only be permanently prevented from being a?xed to a submitted as part of a factory firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using set and not as individual appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 1.6 Breech block/bolt head: Remove or shorten firing pin. 1.7 Breech block/bolt head: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire breech face. All locking lugs must be removed or substantially weakened. 1.8 Breech block/bolt head: Weld the firing pin hole. 1.9 Slide: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45