place to prosecute individuals engaging in terrorism on their return to the UK, is as robust as it can be. 3. Law enforcement partners, including the police, assess that where there may be evidence of individuals carrying out preparation activities and terrorist training abroad, a gap in our current legislation in respect of UK extra-territorial jurisdiction over activities carried out abroad, allows some of these dangerous individuals to go unpunished. This lack of prosecutorial capability in some instances could mean that terrorist attacks are successfully carried out. Measure to extend extra-territorial jurisdiction to sections 5 and 6 4. To ensure that we are able to counter this threat, and to support wider Government efforts to address the challenge posed by foreign fighters (including the measures in the Counter-Terrorism and Security Act 20151), section 81 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 extends extra-territorial jurisdiction to two offences within the Terrorism Act 2006: section 5 (preparation of terrorist acts), and extends the existing scope of extra-territorial jurisdiction in respect of section 6 (training for terrorism)2. Section 81 came into force on 3 March 2015, upon Royal Assent of the Serious Crime Act, and is available for use immediately by law enforcement agencies. As a safeguard, prosecutions cannot be brought retrospectively, that is, in respect of terrorist preparation or training undertaken abroad before the measure came into force. 5. The effect of this measure is that our law enforcement partners will be able to prosecute UK-linked individuals and those who seek to harm UK interests, who 1 https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/counter-terrorism-and-security-bill 2 Extra-territorial jurisdiction (ETJ) to section 6 of the Terrorism Act 2006 is currently limited to circumstances where individualsÕ terrorist training abroad involves one or more ÔConvention OffencesÕ contained at Schedule 1 to the Terrorism Act 2006. ÔConvention offencesÕ refer to those offences which EU Member States (including the UK) are required to extend ETJ pursuant to Article 14 of the EU Convention on the Prevention of Terrorism (16 May 2005). 1 have prepared abroad for an act of terrorism or who have trained abroad more generally3 for terrorist purposes, as if their actions had taken place in the UK. Any prosecution under this measure would require the Crown Prosecution Service to be satisfied that there is enough evidence to provide a "realistic prospect of conviction" and that the prosecution is needed in the public interest. In addition, the express consent of the Attorney General would be required to prosecute4. Each case will be considered on an individual basis. 6. It is often difficult to prove evidentially direct engagement in terrorism, but the very purpose of the ÔpreparatoryÕ or ÔprecursorÕ offences in Part One of the Terrorism Act 2006, under which sections 5 and 6 fall, is to prevent escalation of criminal behaviours and to intervene before the public is in danger from those who seek to cause harm. 7. This measure closes a legislative gap in respect of two key terrorism offences and offer further opportunities for our law enforcement partners to take action