carefully by any restrictions on its use. Should Category 1 responders not handle information properly, the sanctions set out in the Act 23 might be available to the Category 2 responder in question. In addition, if information is disclosed in breach of any duty of confidence, action may be taken against the responder in breach. 3.56. In return for responsible use of these powers to request information, Category 2 responders should ensure that they can deal with reasonable requests made by Category 1 responders. Exercising (validation, training and testing) 3.57. The regulations clarify the requirements in regard to the arrangements for exercises not only to ensure that emergency plans are effective, but also that 23 s. 10 training for Category 1 personnel and other persons whom the responder considers necessary should also be provided. In addition, whilst not all elements of the plan can be tested, crucial elements of the plan can. One of these elements is information management. 3.58. It is vital that all Category 1 and 2 responders have an awareness of their roles and are reasonably comfortable with them before an incident occurs. Category 1 and 2 responders should receive awareness training in understanding and interpreting the legislation relating to information sharing i.e. under the CCA, DPA, FOIA and EIR. In addition, lessons and experience from previous incidents should also be included in any training and exercising of plans. Reference should be made to the use of national reports and recommendations from major incidents. 3.59. Category 1 and 2 responders should regularly review their training and exercising programme to validate, exercise and test the information sharing and also interoperability of communications elements of an emergency plan. In undertaking such a review, it is essential that responders understand their role and can fulfil its purpose before an incident occurs. Other legislative requirements 3.60. Although there are many pieces of legislation which affect the use of information within individual sectors, there are three which have a wider-ranging impact and of which, as a consequence, Category 1 and 2 responders should be aware. It is for each Category 1 or 2 responder to make the final judgements about the detailed implications of each of these pieces of legislation and how they interface with the Act. 3.1. Freedom of Information Act 2000 3.61. FOIA provides a mechanism by which members of the public can access information held by public sector bodies. 3.62. The FOIA aims to increase the transparency of public bodies and the way in which such bodies carry out their work, and to increase accountability. For Category 1 and 2 responders which are public authorities as defined by the FOIA Ð broadly speaking that is a UK-wide public authority or a public sector body in England, Wales and Northern Ireland (similar legislation exists in Scotland) Ð the FOIA imposes certain duties to communicate information which is requested by any person (subject to procedural requirements and exemptions). These duties are not affected by the Act. 3.63. Although as a matter