has shown the significant role that health professionals play. Some victims may be long- term patients which reinforces the importance of the relationship with health professionals. The Health and Care Act 2022 builds upon the work of voluntary Integrated Care Systems, by establishing 42 Integrated Care Boards (ICBs), and requiring the creation of Integrated Care Partnerships (ICPs) in each system area across England. This will empower local health and care leaders to join up planning and provision of services, both within the NHS and with local authorities, and help deliver more person-centred and preventative care. The ICB will take on the commissioning functions of the CCG as well as some of NHS England’s commissioning functions. It will also be jointly accountable for NHS spend and performance within the system. This will put more power and autonomy in the hands of local systems, to plan and deliver seamless health and social care services. The ICP will be tasked with promoting partnership arrangements, and developing a plan to address the health, social care and public health needs of their population. The ICB and local authorities will have to have regard to that plan when making decisions. Responding to and preventing domestic abuse should be a strategic priority for both ICBs and ICPs and should be the responsibility of all healthcare professionals working within a system. An ICS is expected to have a joined up, collaborative response to domestic abuse across its geographical footprint. In relation to roles and responsibilities: ICB senior leadership – will have statutory safeguarding responsibilities and be subject to a statutory requirement to contribute to needs assessment for safe accommodation. The Health and Care Act 2022 amended the NHS Act 2006 to require ICBs and their partner NHS Trusts and Foundation Trusts to set out any steps they propose to take to address the particular needs of victims of abuse (including domestic abuse) when developing their 5-year Joint Forward Plans. ICPs – will have a statutory responsibility to develop a strategy addressing how the health, public health, and social care needs, identified in Joint Strategic Needs Assessments will be met by commissioners. Health and Wellbeing Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Boards should ensure that the health and care needs of those impacted by domestic abuse, are reflected in their Joint Strategic Needs Assessments, so that these needs can be addressed in local and system-wide decision making. Enquiries There is a need for all frontline staff in public services to be trained to make enquiries into domestic abuse to ensure they are Making Every Contact Count.158 To provide the best support to victims of domestic abuse, it is essential that healthcare staff have the tools and confidence required to identify potential victims, sensitively, intervene at an early stage where possible, and refer on as appropriate. It is critical that all health professionals understand the need to enquire about domestic abuse, and how to do this safely, if they are concerned that a patient may be experiencing or perpetrating it.