DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? c) Joint publicity and events by Category 1s and their partners to raise public awareness of plans and procedures. Intermittent Ð impact varies Sometimes Each organisation to contribute relevant messages. Intermittent - minor Yes 5. Promotion of BCM a) LA clarifies with partners who is doing what to promote business continuity management. Intermittent - minor No Information about promotion efforts undertaken and promotional opportunities. Intermittent Ð minor Sometimes b) - - - Requests from business community for information about potential business continuity risks. Intermittent - minor No Formal Information Sharing Under the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 Revision to Emergency Preparedness, Chapter 3 (Information Sharing) Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 3 (Formal Information Sharing) of Emergency Preparedness Revised Version 1 Civil Contingencies Act 2004 (Contingency Planning) Regulations referred to in this Guidance as the Contingency Planning Regulations. WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE The duties quoted below outline formal legal requirements. However, most information sharing will be undertaken voluntarily within the context of broader co-operation between responders. A Category 1 or 2 responder Òshall comply with regulationsÓ made by a Minister of the Crown about Òthe extent of a dutyÓ and Òthe manner in whichÉ it is to be performedÓ (s2(3) and s3(3)(a)) Regulations under the Act Òmay permit or require a person or body listed in Part 1 or 3 of Schedule 1 to provide information, either on request or in other specified circumstances, to a person or body listed in Part 1 of the Schedule in connection with the performance of a duty under subsection (1)Ó. This is subject to Part 8 of the Regulations. Purpose and Scope 3.1. Information is shared between Category 1 and 2 responders as they work together to perform their duties under the Act. Information sharing is a crucial element of civil protection work, underpinning all forms of co-operation. It may involve simple liaison between bodies keeping each other up to date on their current arrangements and future plans. Such activities may be carried out through LRFs and multi LRF groups, and more informally. 3.1. 3.2. Information sharing may also involve direct contacts, formal or informal, between Category 1 and 2 responders seeking knowledge of hazards, risk assessments or planning arrangements (including warning procedures) and other matters, where the information is in the possession of one, and the other believes it needs the information to fulfil its civil protection duties. 3.3. The process of sharing information is crucial to other duties under the Act as represented in Annex A of Chapter 2 (Co-operation) ?. These are: o sound risk assessment relies on obtaining accurate information about the nature of the hazard, the probability of a hazardous event occurring, and the potential effects and impact on the community if it does. Each of these elements may involve