does not provide guidance on the use of disclosure notices under any other legislation. 145. Once a disclosure order has been made, the appropriate officer may use the powers set out in section 357(4) throughout the investigation. Thus, unlike the other orders which have to be applied for separately on each occasion, a disclosure order gives continuing powers for the purposes of the investigation. The appropriate officer should serve a notice on any person t h e y wish to question or to ask to provide information or documents. 146. Under section 357(6), where a person is given a notice under a disclosure order, that person is not bound to comply with any requirement imposed by the notice unless evidence of the authority to give the notice is provided. A copy of the disclosure order should therefore be given to the person. Persons who can apply for a disclosure order 147. An application should be made by the relevant authority, as defined in section 357(7). In relation to a civil recovery investigation to which this Code applies, this is a relevant Director. A member of NCAÕs staff is also a relevant authority for the purposes of disclosure orders in civil recovery investigations. Members of NCAÕs staff are bound by the code of practice issued by the Secretary of State under section 377, and not by this Code. 148. In relation to a confiscation investigation, the relevant authority is a prosecutor, as defined in section 357(8). Who is a prosecutor in relation to a confiscation investigation depends on who has carried out the investigation, and who qualifies as a prosecutor in that instance, and regard should be had to section 357(8) to determine who that is. The Director of the Serious Fraud Office is a person who has been specified by the Secretary of State under section 357(9) as a prosecutor, in relation to a confiscation investigation 1. carried out by an AFI38. In relation to a confiscation investigation, the relevant authority may only make an application for a disclosure order, if requested to do so by the appropriate officer. Statutory requirements in applications for civil recovery and confiscation investigations 149. The relevant authority has to satisfy the judge that: • a person or pr ope r t y specified in the application is subject to a civil recovery investigation, or; • a person specified in the application is subject to a confiscation investigation which is being carried out by an appropriate officer; • the order is sought for the purposes of that investigation; • there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that, in the case of a civil recovery investigation, the person specified in the application holds recoverable property or associated property, or has held property that was recoverable property or associated property at the time, or the property specified in the application for the order is recoverable property or associated property; • there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that, in the case of a confiscation investigation, the person specified in