ACT 2000 9 MONITORING AND REVIEW 9 WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY 9 DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION 10 TERMS AND DEFINITIONS Accreditation The process to ensure that the security policy has been implemented to reduce risk for an IT system to an acceptable level. Asset Anything that has value to the organisation. Availability The property of being accessible and usable upon demand by an authorised entity Confidentiality The property that information is not made available or disclosed to unauthorised individuals, entities, or processes. Information Security Preservation of Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of information; in addition, other properties such as authenticity, accountability, non-repudiation and reliability can also be involved. Information Security Event An identified occurrence of a system, service, network state indicating a possible breach of information security policy or failure of safeguards, or a previously unknown situation that may be security relevant. Information Security Incident A single or series of unwanted or unexpected information security events that have a significant probability of compromising business operations and threatening information security. Integrity The property of safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of assets. Risk Management Coordinated activities to direct and control an organisation with regard to risk. POLICY STATEMENT Safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all information and associated assets held by Wiltshire Police and the OPCC is paramount to ensuring public confidence in the delivery of public services and therefore supports the strategic goals of the Force. Consequently Wiltshire Police (the Force) and the OPCC must manage business impacts and risks of all information and associated assets. The Force and OPCC recognise the importance of all information assets and the need for proper, effective management of all information processes. It is essential therefore that there are safeguards and counter measures in place to provide the continued confidentiality, integrity and availability of Force and OPCC information. Furthermore, the Force and the OPCC have a requirement to comply with relevant regulatory and legislative requirements and to be able to demonstrate this. The achievement of information security needs a combination of policies, standards, procedures, guidelines, appropriate organisational structure, physical security considerations, and measures to safeguard the IT network infrastructure and information systems. This policy provides an overarching structure for information security throughout the Force and OPCC. This Policy forms the structure for practice directions and other security procedures relevant to information security. All personnel with access to information owned by the Force and/or OPCC will be made aware of, and, are required to comply with the provision of this Policy. Wiltshire Police and OPCC recognise the need to ensure information and information assets are managed and protected appropriately. The Policy aims to support this by providing a Ôdefence in depthÕ approach that encompasses four main areas: • Physical Security; • Personnel Security; • Technical Security; • Policies and Procedures. Fostering a professional culture and developing a positive attitude toward security is critical to the successful delivery of this Policy and in support of this the Force and OPCC will ensure that those responsible for information