on energy and climate initiatives. The reality is also that the continued development of digital technologies, including AI and complementary technologies such as 5G and the Internet of Things, create an environmental impact that also needs to be monitored. As a part of the UKÕs globally leading role in AI, there is an opportunity to carve out a leading path on the global stage where others see a similar need to increase the role of AI in energy and climate for public good. The UK should consider drawing up a plan that ensures responsible AI is suitable for the planet and helps build broader awareness, inform regulation, and incentivise researchers and developers to make more conscious and accountable decisions in these areas. Ahead of COP26, the UK should consider how to develop and showcase the UKÕs ability in cleantech, which spans the entire country and represents a successful, innovative path to Net Zero,47 and use its spotlight to encourage an open, international digital ecosystem of data, algorithms and insights that can generate reliable information in real-time about the state of the environment and interactions between the economy, society and the environment. Defence and security AI is central to a broad range of defence and security applications, which are becoming increasingly data rich and networked. They require multiple sources of information to be brought together to understand a rapidly evolving situation, to determine a timely course of action and to oversee the enactment of the response. The information involved is often multi-modal (text, audio and video) and is invariably uncertain, incomplete and contradictory. Sometimes it is also intentionally misleading. AI methods are necessary to make sense of this volume, variety and velocity of information. However, further developments are required to scale the underpinning fusion techniques, to have them work in closer partnership with the humans involved, and to ensure the ensuing decisions and plans can be understood and justified. The increased connectivity of all aspects of our society means that digital assets are increasingly common, and valuable and physical assets are increasingly accessible remotely. These bring tremendous benefits, but also open up 42 The Topol Review advised the government on implementing technologies such as AI in the NHS and to enable NHS staff to make the most of them to improve services. The Topol Review, NHS (February 2019) 43 Solar nowcasting with machine vision, The Alan Turing Institute (current research) 44 The fight against illegal deforestation with TensorFlow, Google (March 2018) 45 Understanding Arctic sea ice loss, The Alan Turing Institute (current research) 46 AI Barometer Report, Centre for Data Ethics and Innovation ( June 2020) 47 UK Tech For A Changing World, Tech Nation (2020) 17 34 AI ROADMAP opportunities for interference and disruption, leading to a requirement for a secure, connected intelligence. AI techniques are necessary to monitor the complexity of these networked systems and to determine when they are operating normally and when they are not. As cyber-attacks become increasingly sophisticated, AI is needed to detect and respond