communities where they are due. Highlights The New Jersey Department of Health (DOH) grants harm reduction licenses and funding to agencies to enable them to buy and distribute essential supplies. Organizations can receive $350,000 annually if they qualify for the designation.1 A lack of verification processes for community distributor requests can lead to potential resource misallocation, which makes meeting demands for supplies, such as naloxone and safer injection kits, difficult. NJ’s DOH should impose distribution audits for all state-registered harm reduction agencies to prevent community distributor request portals’ abuse by warning against inappropriate retrieval and distribution of supplies other agencies have paid for and protecting harm reduction’s integrity. Through state monitoring of public investments and appropriate fund usage, audits would ensure affected communities receive support and further grant renewals for qualifying harm reduction agencies.8 Implementation NJ’s DOH should impose distribution audits for all state- registered harm reduction agencies to enhance accountability and ensure proper allocation of resources. This policy aims to prevent funds’ and supplies’ misallocation, particularly by addressing the misuse of community distributor request portals. The audit policy should be introduced through the New Jersey State Legislature, ideally in collaboration with invested state legislators Assemblyman Conway, Assemblywoman Jaffer, and Assemblywomen Speight quoted supporting legalization of fentanyl test strips and bolstered naloxone distribution as proposed by Senator Cory Booker.1,9 Stakeholders in this matter include harm reduction agencies, verified community distributors, the DOH, and New Jersey’s greater population. Implementing distribution audits statewide would require establishing verification standards for community distributor requests. This policy proposes the creation of metrics that directly evaluate the success of audits imposed, such as performance monitoring for distribution. As outlined in the Commission of Investigation, multiple government agencies oversee separate components of the addiction rehabilitation industry and participating operations.8 To tackle this fragmented framework, a unified task force incorporating a diverse board of industry experts and professionals was proposed to effectively identify problems and or complaints.8 The DOH would ideally implement the auditing system before the next grant application or reapplication cycle. Furthermore, in the context of competing budget priorities, legislators might oppose the dedication of additional funds to harm reduction audits. However it should be emphasized that these are to be a mere reallocation of a population of existing resources. Funding for the anticipated expenses associated with auditing can be obtained through existing harm reduction grant funding as part of the Opioid Settlement Fund. There is confidence in securing adequate funding for this process as it is in the settlement’s tenets to provide a bridge for people using drugs to social support services, which are integral aspects of harm reduction agencies.1,3 Long-term benefits associated with reallocating funding to the auditing process will outweigh any initial monetary loss. The DOH can increase satisfaction among agencies and previously underserved clientele through the successful implementation of the policy. Furthermore, the DOH can then develop access to a statistically observable move towards equitable resources in the form of overdose reversal rates and quantifiable decreases in healthcare costs associated with drug-use-related