more at risk of physical abuse in terms of awareness of the threat of harm and the extent of harm caused. Where information and services are not accessible, they may need to rely on others, such as a partner or family member, to read information for them. Disabled victims, particularly disabled young people, may experience coercive or controlling behaviours involving infantilisation and denying their independence, which may go unnoticed. Unequal power relations and a relationship of dependency are recognised as common factors in such cases. Disabled victims face multiple barriers to seeking and receiving help to escape domestic abuse, for example, accessible accommodation and transport, the need for assistance with personal care, access to mobility support, and possibly, for specialised emotional support, and fear of losing their children. These factors could impact an individual’s decision and ability to leave a relationship with a perpetrator or to seek help. Disabled victims can be more isolated and/or have smaller support networks and may be more vulnerable to domestic abuse as a result.107 Disabled victims may be unable to leave or access a refuge because of poor access to safe accommodation, or because they rely on a perpetrator for care or support. Like any victim who is a parent, they may not want to move because they do not want to move their children away from school and friends, or because the school understands their needs as a disabled parent. Disabled victims may have had negative experiences with services in the past which can create a feeling of distrust or impact their perception of the help that can be provided. Professionals and services should be aware of these factors and other barriers and proactively explore issues in coordination with other services to ensure the right support is offered. They should seek to engage with the victim privately, without a carer or other family member, as this may prevent or hinder disclosure, and have good knowledge of how to meet access, communication, and support needs. Sharing details of these needs with partner agencies, where this is possible, can avoid the same barriers being repeated and deterring the victim from accessing support. 106 The relationship between carers and the cared is not covered by the definition of domestic abuse in the 2021 Act unless there is also a personal connection between them. 107 Public Health England. Disability and domestic abuse: Risk, impacts and response: 2015. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance The experiences of disabled victims will be individual and may be specific to their disability, disabled victims should never be seen only in light of their disability. Risk assessments should be holistic and consider the whole person, including any intersecting needs.108 Deaf victims It is helpful to highlight the experiences of deaf victims who as a community are a linguistic minority based on their language and many deaf people experience personal and structural barriers in accessing help and reporting abuse. Deaf people may encounter specific barriers to accessing support when experiencing controlling or coercive