the gun death rate is considerably higher than in most other developed nations (10.6 per 100,000 compared to 1-2 per 100,000).1 If gun insurance were mandated, aspiring and current firearm owners would be strongly incentivized or required to take individual measures to improve our gun death rates. The federal government should shift gun control to a semi-privatized system where all gun owners are required to insure their firearms, similar to requirements on car insurance or health insurance. Practices that insurance companies would be required to implement under this policy, including waiting periods and gun safety courses, have been shown to lower gun deaths in Canada.10 However, it is important to note that these practices were viewed as supplemental to prior gun control policies. Implementation To enact this policy, the federal government would have to mandate that a certain level of insurance coverage be required to purchase a firearm. The mandate would pass through Congress, which could face opposition with a Republican House of Representatives and Senate. To mitigate opposition, proposing a system with minimum statutes that other states could amend and add more protections to could appeal to them. Furthermore, it could garner support from Republicans because firearm regulation would be determined by private entities rather than the federal government. Insurance companies and gun safety advocacy groups should aim to approach both Republican representatives who have voted for gun safety bills in the past and Democratic representatives who are passionate about gun safety. Potential points of contact for sponsoring or supporting a bill include Representatives Maria Salazar (R-FL), Tony Gonzales (R- TX), Mike Thompson (D-CA), and Sylvia Garcia (D-TX), who have supported or initiated gun control initiatives in the past.12,13,14 Also, the House Judiciary and Oversight and Accountability Committees could be key actors in implementing this policy, having supported similar policies in the past.15,16 After passing through the House of Representatives, the policy must pass through the Senate. While a conservative Senate may pose challenges for this policy, a 2021 bipartisan gun safety bill sponsored by Marco Rubio (R-FL) has been signed into law, strengthening many existing gun control policies.17 To gain support, companies that sell firearm insurance, such as Prime Insurance and Lockton Affinity Outdoors, should collaborate with gun safety advocacy groups to join in lobbying efforts and public awareness campaigns – including advertisements, social media postings, and public demonstrations to garner support for the policy. In these campaigns, insurance companies and advocacy groups should not market this policy as a restriction on Second Amendment rights, but rather as a promotion of responsible firearm ownership to appeal to centrist and conservative Americans as well as gun control activists. Before pushing this policy to the federal level, these interest groups should target states that have been successful in the past with passing gun reforms, such as New York and California, to mandate firearm insurance statewide. While there are concerns about this policy not being able to adequately mitigate gun violence, San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo explains that gun liability insurance