line manager. If out of office hours and urgent, i.e. theft of ICT device, notify the FIM immediately. Examples of a security incident include: • Physical damage to the ForceÕs IT equipment; • Compromise/loss of sensitive documents and information, e.g. personal data; • Unauthorised use of another userÕs account (masquerading of user identity); • • Divulging a password to another user without authority; • Improper use of e-mail or the Internet, e.g. harassing e-mails, downloading or distribution of pornographic images; • Unauthorised copying of the ForceÕs information; • Damage to the ForceÕs property that could impact information security; • Access to the ForceÕs premises without authority; and • Theft of the ForceÕs IT equipment. It is vital that you report all security incidents. Withholding information and failing to report an incident could result in you being held personally liable. Staff must not attempt to deal with the security incident (other than reporting the incident). If in doubt, please contact the Information Security Officer, ICT Security Officer or your line manager for advice. 17. SECURE DISPOSAL AND RE-USE OF EQUIPMENT All of the ForceÕs information and software must be securely wiped from ForceÕs IT equipment before disposal or re-use of the equipment. All equipment intended for disposal and re-use must be returned to the ICT Department who shall securely wipe ForceÕs information and software from the equipment. 18. PROTECTION AGAINST MALICIOUS CODE Computer viruses, spyware and other forms of malicious code exploit vulnerabilities in software programs and can cause loss and damage to the ForceÕs and OPCC information, software and IT equipment. Wiltshire Police and OPCC use a variety of products, e.g. anti-virus and software security patches, which are constantly updated to minimise the threat from viruses and other malicious code. PCs and laptops are also protected by these controls. You must not change or remove these controls on your Police/OPCC device, otherwise the ICT network and systems will become more vulnerable to the threat from viruses and other malicious code. In addition to these controls, Wiltshire Police and the OPCC is also dependent on its staff, who must remain vigilant to protect it from malicious code. You must ensure that: • You do not introduce a virus or malicious code into the ForceÕs network, by downloading unauthorised or suspect software from the Internet or from computer media, e.g. DVDs, CDs and USB storage devices onto your PC, laptop or any Police/OPCC system; • All software and data which originates from outside the Police or OPCC must be checked for viruses and malicious software prior to it being opened or used Ð if you need help, contact the ICT Helpdesk; • If you are suspicious of a virus or malicious code, you must stop using your PC or laptop immediately and contact the ICT Helpdesk; • If you receive a suspicious e-mail, you should not open it or the attachment or any hypertext link, as this may well activate a virus or other form of malicious code. Wiltshire Police and OPCC