a view to its being supplied to commit a Computer Misuse Act offence. 1 (2013/40/EU), which replaces Council Framework decision 2005/222/JHA, • Article 12 of the EU Directive covers jurisdiction and requires Member states to establish their jurisdiction with regards to a cyber offence being committed by one of their nationals. Currently, extra territorial jurisdiction provisions within the Computer Misuse Act cover offences under sections 1 and 3 and require the prosecution to show a significant link to the UK. This means that if an individual commits a Computer Misuse Act section 1 or 3 offence, in order lo exercise extra territorial jurisdiction and pursue a Computer Misuse Act prosecution in the UK, either theá individual or the affected/intended affected computer needs to be present in the UK at the time of the offence. The offender cannot be extradited on the basis of their nationality alone. In addition, section 3A which was added in 2006, is not currently included in extra territorial provisions. This means that an individual committing a section 3A offence whilst physically outside the UK cannot be easily extradited under the existing Computer Misuse Act provisions to face justice in the UK. In the absence of an amendment, the UK (from individuals up to big business) Is exposed, and law enforcement agencies will not have the necessary powers to intervene early enough in order to prevent potential criminal damage. Rationale Cyber crime is a risk to our national security and causes significant harm to our society. Government has a role in protecting its citizens and ensuring law enforcement agencies have the necessary powers and offences to tackle ii. Objectives 1. Implement the EU Directive on Attacks against Information Systems as referenced in objective one of the UK Cyber Security Strategy; 2. Contribute to the Home Secretary's commitment in the Serious _and Organised Crime Strategy to relentlessly disrupt organised crime; and 3. Reduce the threat and impact of cyber crime by ensuring our legislation is.up to date and so bring offenders to justice and deter individuals from committing cyber offences in the first instance. Options There are two options that have been considered: 1) Do not amend UK legislation and continue current arrangements under existing law. If we do not extend section 4 to include extra territorial jurisdiction by nationality and extend the offence under section 3A to include obtain for use, the identified gaps in legislation would remain. In addition, the UK could face infraction proceedings as we would not be transposing the EU Directive fully into UK law. It could therefore eventually be referred to the European Court of Justice. If the Court rules that the UK has failed to comply with its obligations under EU law, it could face a minimum lump sum fine of £7.9 million. The UK could also face daily fines until it is seen to be compliant. 2) Amend domestic legislation to fill identified legislative gaps and bring the UK legislation in line with the Directive. This option would involve the