be returned to the territory to serve the sentence. A person who is to be returned to a territory by virtue of an undertaking given under subsection (2) must be returned as soon as is reasonably practicable after the sentence is imposed and any other proceedings in respect of the offence are concluded. If subsection (4) is complied with the sentence for the offence is treated as served but the person's conviction for the offence must be treated as a conviction for all other purposes. The sentence for the offence is treated as served under subsection (5) only in so far as it consists of the sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention mentioned in subsection (3). Subsection (8) applies if— subsection (4) is not complied with, and the person applies to the court which imposed the sentence to expedite return to the territory. The court must order return by such date as is specified in the order unless reasonable cause is shown for the delay. If a person is to be returned by virtue of an undertaking given under subsection (2), a constable may— remove the person from any prison or other institution where the person is detained; keep the person in custody until returned; convey the person to the territory to which the person is to be returned. 153D Sections 153A and 153C etc: supplementary Nothing in section 153A or 153C requires the return of a person to a territory in a case in which the Secretary of State is not satisfied that the return is compatible with the Convention rights within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 1998 or with the United Kingdom's obligations under the Refugee Convention. References in sections 153A and 153C and subsection (1) above to the Secretary of State are to be read as references to the Scottish Ministers in a case in which— a Part 3 warrant was issued in respect of the person to be returned, and the warrant was issued by a sheriff. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 103 The reference in subsection (1) to the Refugee Convention is to the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees done at Geneva on 28 July 1951 and the Protocol to the Convention.” In section 153(1)(b) (return of person acquitted or not tried) for the words from “from” to the end substitute “ from a territory; ”. In section 197(2) (powers on escape from custody) after “Part 2” insert “ , or kept in custody by virtue of