the UK since 1985 when the (UK- wide) Prohibition of Female Circumcision Act (Òthe 1985 ActÓ) was passed. The Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 (Òthe 2003 ActÓ) replaced the 1985 Act in England, Wales and Northern Ireland1. It modernised the offence of FGM and the offence of assisting a girl to carry out FGM on herself while also creating extra-territorial offences to deter people from taking girls abroad for mutilation. To reflect the serious harm caused, the 2003 Act increased the maximum penalty for any of the FGM offences from five to 14 yearsÕ imprisonment. 4. To date no-one has been convicted of FGM in England and Wales. In July 2014, the UK Government and UNICEF hosted the first Girl Summit,2 aimed at mobilising domestic and international efforts to end FGM. The Government made a number of commitments for new legislation to tackle FGM. Current law 5. Under the 2003 Act it is an offence for any person in England, Wales or Northern Ireland (regardless of their nationality or residence status) to perform FGM (section 1); or to assist a girl to carry out FGM on herself (section 2). It is also an offence to assist (from England, Wales or Northern Ireland) a non-UK national or resident to carry out FGM outside the UK on a UK national or permanent UK resident (section 3). 6. Section 4 extends sections 1 to 3 to extra-territorial acts so that it is also an offence for a UK national or permanent UK resident to: perform FGM abroad; assist a girl to perform FGM on herself outside the UK; and assist (from outside the UK) a non-UK national or resident to carry out FGM outside the UK on a UK national or permanent UK resident. 1 The Prohibition of Female Genital Mutilation (Scotland) Act 2005 replaced the 1985 Act in Scotland. 2 https://www.gov.uk/government/topical-events/girl-summit-2014 7. The intention was for the extra-territorial provisions to catch offences involving those with a substantial connection to the UK but not those who were here temporarily. However, the Director of Public Prosecutions has highlighted a small number of cases where the CPS could not prosecute for FGM committed abroad because those involved were not, at the material time, permanent UK residents as defined by the 2003 Act. Extension of extra-territorial jurisdiction 8. Against that background, section 70(1) of the Serious Crime Act 2015 (Òthe 2015 ActÓ) amends section 4 of the 2003 Act so that the extra-territorial jurisdiction extends to prohibited acts done outside the UK by a UK national or a person who is resident in the UK. Consistent with that change, section 70(1) also amends section 3 of the 2003 Act (offence of assisting a non-UK person to mutilate overseas a girlÕs genitalia) so it extends to acts of FGM done to a UK national or a person who is resident in the UK. 9. ÒUK residentÓ is defined as an individual who is habitually resident in the UK. The term habitually resident covers a person's ordinary residence,