Regulations 199611, 12 to carry out a risk assessment and inform you of their significant findings and the preventive measures they may employ. This may be supported by the contractorsÕ agreed work method statement. The designer should also have considered fire safety as part of the Construction (Design and Management) Regulations 1994 (the CDM Regulations).55 You should continuously monitor the impact of the building work on the general fire safety precautions, such as the increased risk from quantities of combustible materials and accumulated waste and maintaining adequate means of escape. You should only allow the minimum materials necessary for the work in hand within or adjacent to your building. Additional risks can include: • hot work such as flame cutting, welding, soldering, or paint stripping; • temporary electrical equipment; • blocking of escape routes, including external escape routes; • introduction of combustibles into an escape route; • loss of normal storage facilities; • fire safety equipment, such as automatic fire-detection systems becoming affected; • fire-resisting partitions being breached or fire doors being wedged open (see Appendix B1 for information on fire-resisting separation); and • additional personnel who may be unfamiliar with the premises. Activities such as welding, flame cutting, use of blow lamps or portable grinding equipment can pose a serious fire hazard and need to be strictly controlled when carried out in areas near flammable materials. This can be done by having a written permit to work for the people involved (whether they are your employees or those of the contractor).12 A permit to work is appropriate in situations of high hazard/risk and, for example, where there is a need to: • ensure that there is a formal check confirming that a safe system of work is being followed; • co-ordinate with other people or activities; • provide time-limits when it is safe to carry out the work; and • provide specialised personal protective equipment (such as breathing apparatus) or methods of communication. You must notify the fire and rescue service about alterations in your premises if an alterations notice is in force. Further guidance on fire safety during construction work is available from the HSE56,57 and the Fire Protection Association.58 1.8 Existing layout and construction In many shops, and increasingly in offices, the design is for open-plan areas allowing customers and employees to move freely throughout the floor. 46 Traditionally, occupants are advised to shut doors when escaping from a fire but in open- plan areas there are few doors to shut. In these areas the fire, and especially the smoke, may spread faster than expected. To assess the risk in your premises you need to evaluate the construction and layout of your premises. This does not mean a structural survey, unless you suspect that the structure is damaged or any structural fire protection is missing or damaged, but rather an informed look around to see if there are any easy paths through which smoke and fire may spread and what you can do to stop that. In