power to specify by Order additional persons as prosecutors, who may therefore apply for disclosure orders in confiscation investigations8. Disclosure orders are executed by the appropriate officer however. 13. Where a person fails to comply with any provision of the Code, he is not by reason only of that failure liable to any criminal or civil proceedings, but the code is admissible as evidence in such proceedings. A court may take account of any failure to comply with its provisions in determining any questions in the proceedings. 14. The Code must form part of any published instructions or guidance for the persons to whom the Code applies and affected members of the public. The persons to whom the Code applies must make arrangements for the Code (whether in a hard copy form or electronically) to be available to both their staff and members of the public on request. 15. If a person to whom the Code applies is also exercising an additional and separate function or power, for example, making an application under Part 2 of POCA for a restraint order in relation to seized property, the appropriate officer should have regard to any connected code. 16. Those to whom the Code applies should be aware of the legislation and the detail of the particular provisions which they operate under. They must seek legal advice and/or guidance where necessary in advance of using the powers. This includes the relevant provisions in the Criminal Procedure Rules and Civil Procedure Rules as appropriate. 8 See the Proceeds of Crime (Disclosure Orders: Confiscation Investigations) (Specified Person) Order 2014, SI 2014/3207. The Director of the Serious Fraud Office has been specified as a prosecutor for the purposes of section 357(8)(b) (a confiscation investigation carried out by an AFI). General provisions relating to all the orders and warrants Action to be taken before an application is made 17. The right to respect for private and family life and the protection of property under the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR) is safeguarded by the Human Rights Act 1998. The powers of investigation may involve significant interference with privacy and property of those whose premises are searched; on whom personal information is obtained; or whose personal information, material or documents are seen and/or seized. The powers therefore need to be fully and clearly justified before they are used. The use of the powers which impact upon individualsÕ rights must be proportionate to the outcome being sought. In particular, those exercising the powers must consider at every stage whether the necessary objectives can be achieved by less intrusive means Ð this may be by approaching the potential respondent to ascertain whether they will provide the required information without the need for a court order or to give them prior notice that an application is to be made. The giving of prior notice of an application may mean that a respondent is ready to comply and allows them the opportunity to make representations about the detail of the