a physical effect in order to mitigate a threat, without substantial risk3 to the subject of permanent or serious injury, or death. While the actual outcome may, on occasions, be lethal, this outcome is less likely than when conventional firearms are used. As set out in the APP-AP, the less lethal aspect does not derive from the weapon or munitions alone but from the weapon system, and it is this which is assessed by an independent medical advisory body before the system can be approved for use. Specialist munitions are defined as: devices or munitions used by law enforcement personnel for the purpose of gaining a tactical advantage. For example, distraction devices or breaching rounds, which are used to facilitate entry to a building. While not fired or propelled directly at an individual, certain specialist munitions may achieve their intended purpose through a direct physical effect on an individual(s). Where this is the case, they will also require appropriate medical evaluation and must be considered for approval by the Home Office (refer to section 5). 2.1.2 The range of equipment available for the purposes described at paragraph 1.3.2 may include not only conventional firearms but also less lethal weapons and specialist munitions which may not necessarily fall within the statutory definition4 of a firearm. All such weapons will require the appropriate evaluation (refer to section 5) prior to use and will only be used by those who have met predefined standards of competence (refer to section 6). 3The level of risk will be substantially higher if the less lethal weapon is used without adherence to the relevant guidance and training. 4See 1968 Firearms Act. 2.1.3 Weapons and munitions covered by this code currently include all conventional firearms, specialist munitions, conducted energy devices (CEDs), attenuating energy projectiles (AEP) and their delivery systems. The code will also apply to all such weapons available to police forces now or in the future which have been subject to the relevant approval process as described in section 5. 2.1.4 This code does not apply to personal safety equipment routinely issued to patrol officers for self-defence purposes, such as a baton, sensory irritant spray and restraint equipment. Information about the use of PSE can be found in the National Personal Safety Manual. This code does not apply to conventional or kinetic equipment used for manual method of entry (MOE). 2.1.5 Where there is any doubt whether this code should apply to a firearm, specialist munition or less lethal weapon, it should be referred to the relevant National Police ChiefsÕ Council (NPCC) leads for armed policing or less lethal weapons and the Home Office for consideration. 2.2 Relationship of the code to other guidance 2.2.1 When applying this code, chief officers must take account of: ? Authorised Professional Practice (APP) issued by the College of Policing. ? Other relevant guidance, including that issued by the relevant independent investigative authority. 2.3 Role of HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire and Rescue Services 2.3.1 HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and