authority; and (b) if he determines that he is not, give notification of the complaint to the person who is. F640(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5) Where the [F632Director General], a [F641local policing body] or a chief officer gives notification of a complaint under any of sub-paragraphs (1) to (3) F642..., the person who gave the notification F643... shall notify the complainantÑ (a) that the notification has been given and of what it contained; or F644(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (6) WhereÑ (a) a [F645local policing body] determines, in the case of any complaint made to [F646the body], that it is itself the appropriate authority, (b) a chief officer determines, in the case of any complaint made to that chief officer, that he is himself the appropriate authority, or (c) a complaint is notified to a [F647local policing body] or chief officer under this paragraph, [F648the body] or chief officer shall [F649contact the complainant and seek the complainant's views on how the complaint should be handled]. [F650(6A) A local policing body or chief officer that is subject to the duty in sub-paragraph (6) in relation to a complaint must record the complaint ifÑ (a) at any time the complainant indicates a wish for the complaint to be recorded, or (b) the local policing body or chief officer determines that the complaint is to be handled in accordance with this Schedule. (6B) The local policing body or chief officer must determine that a complaint is to be handled in accordance with this Schedule ifÑ 170 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the complaint is one alleging that the conduct or other matter complained of has resulted in death or serious injury, (b) the complaint is one alleging that there has been conduct by a person serving with the police which (if proved) might constitute the commission of a criminal offence or justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, (c) the conduct or other matter complained of (if proved) might have involved the infringement of a person's rights under Article 2 or 3 of the Convention (within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 1998), or (d) the complaint is of