sums must be applied as follows— first, they must be applied in payment of such expenses incurred by a person acting as an insolvency practitioner as are payable under this subsection by virtue of section 432; second, they must be applied in making any payments directed by the magistrates' court or the Crown Court; Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 79 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes third, they must be paid to the appropriate designated officer on account of the amount payable under the confiscation order. If the amount payable under the confiscation order has been fully paid and any sums remain in the appropriate officer's hands, the appropriate officer must distribute them— among such persons who held (or hold) interests in the property represented by the proceeds as the magistrates' court or the Crown Court directs, and in such proportions as it directs. Before making a direction under subsection (3) the court must give persons who held (or hold) interests in the property a reasonable opportunity to make representations to it. If the magistrates' court has made a direction under subsection (2)(b) or (3) in respect of the proceeds of realisation of any property, the Crown Court may not make a direction under either of those provisions in respect of the proceeds of realisation of that property; and vice versa. In this section— “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 41A; “appropriate designated officer” means the designated officer for the magistrates' court which, by virtue of section 35, is responsible for enforcing the confiscation order as if it were a fine.” Accordingly, at the end of the cross-heading immediately above that section insert “ and personal property ”. In section 55(3)(b) (payment of sums received by designated officer under section 54 or otherwise: insolvency practitioners' expenses) after “section 54(2)(a)” insert “ or 67D(2)(a) ”. In section 55(4) (payment of sums received by designated officer under section 54)— after “section 54” insert “ or 67D ”, in paragraph (b) for “the receiver” substitute “ any receiver ”, and after paragraph (b) insert— “(c) third, in payment to an appropriate officer of any amount to which the officer is entitled by virtue of section 67B.” Power to sell seized personal property: Scotland The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) is amended as follows. After section 131 insert— 80 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and