in respect of Article 1 of this Protocol. ARTICLE 3 Relationship to the Convention As between the States Parties, the provisions of Articles 1 and 2 of this Protocol shall be regarded as additional Articles to the Convention, and all the provisions of the Convention shall apply accordingly. ARTICLE 4 Signature and ratification This Protocol shall be open for signature by member States of the Council of Europe which have signed the Convention. It is subject to ratification, acceptance or approval. A member State of the Council of Europe may not ratify, accept or approve this Protocol without previously or simultaneously ratifying the Convention. Instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval shall be deposited with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe. ARTICLE 5 Entry into force 1. This Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the expiration of a period of three months after the date on which ten member States of the Council of Europe have expressed their consent to be bound by the Protocol in accordance with the provisions of Article 4. 2. In respect of any member State which subsequently expresses its consent to be bound by it, the Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the expiration of a period of three months after the date of the deposit of the instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval. ARTICLE 6 Depositary functions The Secretary General of the Council of Europe shall notify all the member States of the Council of Europe of: (a) any signature; (b) the deposit of any instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval; (c) any date of entry into force of this Protocol in accordance with Articles 2 and 5; (d) any other act, notification or communication relating to this Protocol. In witness whereof the undersigned, being duly authorised thereto, have signed this Protocol. Done aT rome, This 4Th Day of november 2000, in English and in French, both texts being equally authentic, in a single copy which shall be deposited in the archives of the Council of Europe. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe shall transmit certified copies to each member State of the Council of Europe. Protocol No. 13 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms concerning the abolition of the death penalty in all circumstances Vilnius, 3.V.2002 The member sTaTes of The council of euroPe, signatory hereto, Convinced that everyoneÕs right to life is a basic value in a democratic society and that the abolition of the death penalty is essential for the protection of this right and for the full recognition of the inherent dignity of all human beings; Wishing to strengthen the protection of the right to life guaranteed by the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms signed at Rome on 4 November 1950 (hereinafter referred to as Òthe ConventionÓ); Noting that Protocol No. 6 to the Convention, concerning the Abolition of the Death Penalty,