a) a cabinet manufactured and fitted as certified to comply with BS7558:1992; or b) a cabinet fabricated to the following: i) Sheet steel body of not less than 2mm (14swg), formed by either folding, continuous welding or a combination of these methods; when fabricating the body, the door case should be constructed to provide a continuous rest plate the length of the opening edge to prevent attack on the lockbolts by inserting a hacksaw blade; the door frame may be formed by return bending of the body steel or the provision of a bar or angle frame, welded to the carcass with sufficient relief to the edges to provide for door locking and hanging. The frame should be designed so that the door, when closed, can resist attempts to force it inwards. doors should be formed from the same material with either bent, folded or post formed edges, or the provision of a bracing frame of bar or angled steel, or ribs welded to the inside of the door to prevent the flexing or bending of the door when closed; hinges internally fitted; hinges externally fitted, with either hinge bolts, anti-bar plates or interlocking formed door edge, along the hanging side of the door; swivel bars or rods with return fold anti-bar plate. The frame should be fabricated to prevent, so far as possible, the insertion of tools to cut the pins; or Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Safes for slot in type doors, not less than 2 steel pins of 12mm diameter or full width welded steel foot plate not less than door thickness. ii) Secured by: locks to BS3621 Ð 2017 or 7 lever safe locks with not less than 38mm x 9mm cross section steel bolts; or padlocks not less than CEN 4. Close shackle padlocks should be selected on open ring or plate staples. Locks specified above, with the exception of padlocks, should be mounted on steel brackets or pockets, providing strength equal to that of the door and welded to the door. Hinged full-length doors for rifles/shot guns, should be fitted with two locking devices fitted at points to divide the locking edge into equal parts. Alternatively, the door may have a driven bolt/multi-point locking system, either key or lever operated, providing: a) three bolts operating equally along the opening edge or opening edge, top and bottom; b) the bolts to provide resistance equal to that in BS3621-2017; c) a lever driven system to be secured by a lock to BS3621- 2017 or equivalent. On slide-in, fully braced doors, the number and location of the lock(s) will be determined by the degree of absence of flexing in the door. Padlocks should have steel staples, hasp/staple, or pad bars fabricated to equate to the protective strength of the lock. Provision of at least 4 fixing holes to take not less than 10mm diameter fastening devices. The holes to be spaced to provide maximum binding of cabinet to structure. When ammunition or firing mechanisms are to be