leave notice at the same time. 7.26 Adopter's notice curtailing adoption leave Before the either of you can take shared parental leave, the adopter must either return to work before the end of their adoption leave (by giving the required eight weeks' notice of your planned return) or provide their employer with an adoption leave curtailment notice. The adoption leave curtailment notice must be in writing and state the date on which adoption leave is to end. That date must be at least: • two weeks after the first day of the adopter's ordinary adoption leave period; • eight weeks after the date on which the adopter gave the adoption leave curtailment notice to your employer; and • one week before what would be the end of the additional adoption leave period. The adopter must provide their adoption leave curtailment notice at the same time they provide either their notice of entitlement and intention or a declaration of consent and entitlement signed by the adopter confirming that their partner has given Wiltshire Police a notice of entitlement and intention. 7.27 Revocation of adoption leave curtailment notice The adopter can withdraw their notice curtailing their adoption leave in limited circumstances. The withdrawal of an adoption leave curtailment notice must be in writing and can be given only if the adopter has not returned to work. The adopter can withdraw their adoption leave curtailment notice if: • it is discovered that neither the adopter nor the partner are entitled to shared parental leave or statutory shared parental pay and the adopter withdraws your adoption leave curtailment notice within eight weeks of the date on which the notice was given; or • the partner has died. 7.28 Individual's notice of entitlement and intention You, whether the adopter or the partner, must provide the organisation with a non-binding notice of entitlement and intention. Your notice of entitlement and intention, which must be in writing and provided at least eight weeks before the start date of the first period of shared parental leave to be taken by you, must set out the following information. If you are the adopter, the notice of entitlement and intention must set out: • the adopter's name; • the partner's name; • the start and end dates of any statutory adoption leave taken or to be taken by the adopter; • the total amount of shared parental leave available; • the date on which the adopter was notified of having been matched for adoption with the child (or receives official notification in relation to an adoption from overseas); • the date on which the child is expected to be placed for adoption with the adopter and the date of the placement, or the date on which the child is expected to enter Great Britain in relation to an adoption from overseas (although, if the child has not yet been placed for adoption or entered Great Britain, the date of placement for adoption or entry into Great Britain must be provided