the relevant prosecutor or authorised person to have been affected, or principally affected, by the offence.Ó Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 83 PART 6 Ð Local involvement and accountability CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Response to complaints about anti-social behaviour 104 Review of response to complaints (1) In a case where a person has made a complaint about anti-social behaviour in a particular local government area, the relevant bodies in that area must carry out a review of the response to that behaviour (an ÒASB case review)Ó ifÑ (a) that person, or any other person, makes an application for such a review, and (b) the relevant bodies decide that the threshold for a review is met. (2) The relevant bodies in each local government area mustÑ (a) make arrangements about the carrying out of ASB case reviews by those bodies (Òreview proceduresÓ), and (b) ensure that the current review procedures are published. (3) The review procedures must include provision about the making of applications for ASB case reviews; and, in particular, mustÑ (a) specify the point of contact for making applications, and (b) ensure that applications made to that point of contact are passed on to all the relevant bodies in the local government area. (4) In a situation whereÑ (a) an application for an ASB case review is made, and (b) at least three (or, if a different number is specified in the review procedures, at least that number of) qualifying complaints have been made about the anti- social behaviour to which the application relates, the relevant bodies must decide that the threshold for a review is met. (5) In any other situation where an application for an ASB case review is made, the question whether the threshold for a review is met must be decided by the relevant bodies in accordance with the review procedures; and the procedures may, in particular, include provision for this purpose which is framed by reference to any of these mattersÑ (a) the persistence of the anti-social behaviour about which the original complaint was made; (b) the harm caused, or the potential for harm to be caused, by that behaviour; (c) the adequacy of the response to that behaviour. (6) After the relevant bodies have decided whether or not the threshold for a review is met, they must inform the applicant of their decision. (7) The relevant bodies who carry out an ASB case review may make recommendations to a person who exercises public