for input into the Casualty Bureau and Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). Immediate humanitarian assistance can be provided by the local authority at this location. Rest centre The local authority is the lead agency for rest centres. This location is a building pre-designated in emergency plans or used by a local authority as temporary accommodation, including overnight, for people evacuated or homeless because of an emergency or major incident. It offers safety and shelter for those who may have been asked to leave their home, work or elsewhere and not to return. These shelters are designed for people that were not part of the incident and have no injuries from it. Until evacuees can go home or find alternative accommodation, they should receive practical and wellbeing support from the local authority and supporting agencies. Police may attend rest centres to gather information from evacuees. Family and friendsÕ reception centre (FFRC) The police is the lead agency for FFRCs, supported by the local authority. A FFRC is usually located away from the scene of an emergency or major incident. It provides a secure place for the family and friends of people directly involved in that incident, where they can access information and humanitarian assistance. They can also complete relevant documentation processes. Humanitarian assistance centre Humanitarian assistance centres offer medium to long-term support to people directly or indirectly affected by the emergency or major incident. Humanitarian assistance is provision to meet the psychological and social welfare needs of people affected by emergencies (Eyre, 2008). This assistance is required in the short, medium and long term. PeopleÕs needs will vary considerably over the timeframe, as will the form of assistance they require. This requires a multi-agency, flexible approach. Hospitals As part of the initial investigation, commanders should consider sending police documentation teams to any receiving hospital to collate all relevant information. Police documentation teams Collecting personal information is an important activity within reception centres. The principles of the Data Protection Act 2018 apply to all personal information collected during an emergency or major incident, even though this may be challenging under the circumstances. A police documentation team should consist of a team leader familiar with the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP) and recognised documentation procedures. The team leader will report to the tactical commander until or unless a senior identification manager (SIM) is appointed, when they will report to the SIM as part of the overall identification and investigation process. Local force policy should stipulate which supervisory and responder roles should complete the national training package for police documentation teams. Evacuation The purpose of evacuation is to move people and other living creatures away from an actual or potential danger to a place of safety via a safe route (see Evaluation and shelter guidance, HM Government 2013). Any decision to evacuate should be taken based on the safety of the public and emergency responders. An alternative to evacuation is to require people to shelter inside a place of safety, such as a building.