was extradited to the United Kingdom from a category 1 territory. (1B) The court shall specifyÑ (a) the period of time spent in custody awaiting extradition, and (b) the date of commencement of the sentence in accordance with subsection (1C). (1C) The date of commencement of the sentence is to be a date the relevant number of days earlier than the date the sentence would have commenced had the person not spent time in custody awaiting extradition. (1D) In subsection (1C), Òthe relevant number of daysÓ means the number of days in the period specified under subsection (1B)(a).Ó (4) After subsection (2) there is insertedÑ Ò(2A) In this section, Òcategory 1 territoryÓ means a territory designated under the Extradition Act 2003 for the purposes of Part 1 of that Act.Ó (5) Subsection (3) is repealed. 173 Discount on sentence for time spent in custody awaiting extradition: Northern Ireland (1) In section 38 of the Prison Act (Northern Ireland) 1953 (arrest, etc, of persons unlawfully at large), for subsection (3) there is substitutedÑ (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 157 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(3) The provisions of subsection (2) shall not apply to any period during which any such personÑ (a) is detained in pursuance of any other sentence of any court in the United Kingdom in a prison or other institution, or (b) is kept in custody in a category 1 territory before, and only for the purpose of, being extradited to the United Kingdom to serve the term of imprisonment or detention referred to in that subsection, but shall apply in addition to any other provisions of this Act imposing any punishment for an escape. (3A) In subsection (3) Òcategory 1 territoryÓ means a territory designated under the Extradition Act 2003 for the purposes of Part 1 of that Act.Ó (2) In section 26 of the Treatment of Offenders Act (Northern Ireland) 1968 (duration of sentence), at the end of subsection (2A) there is inserted Ò; or (c) any period during which he was in custody in a category 1 territory with a view to his being extradited to the United Kingdom to be tried or sentenced for that offence (and not for any other reason). In paragraph (c) Òcategory 1 territoryÓ means a territory designated under the Extradition Act 2003 for the purposes of Part 1 of that Act.Ó Procedure rules 174 Criminal Procedure Rules to apply to extradition proceedings etc (1) In