held or any other factors which substantially increase the risk of burglary), then the following should be considered as well as the previous level of security: a) Dividing the risk, for example by the provision of separate cabinets, perhaps in different locations within the premises, to reduce the number of firearms per enclosure; b) Additional target hardening of the storage (cabinet with individual gun locks, or extending to a gun room); c) Protected by an intruder alarm to BS4737 3.30:2015 or equivalent and ideally monitored by a NSI monitoring centre with an appropriate response. 18.38 For these purposes, a ÒlargerÓ number of firearms may be taken as meaning more than twelve guns (again being cognisant as to whether to include the likes of muzzle-loading firearms). As with level 2, it is not sufficient to base an assessment on the number of firearms alone; all other factors mentioned above are equally important, and regard must also be had to the type of firearms, their potential danger if misused and their likely attractiveness to criminals. Again, sound moderators, spare barrels, spare cylinders and component parts should not be considered as part of the total. Ammunition 18.39 Ammunition for section 1 firearms must be kept secure. As a matter of best practice, it should be stored in its own individual secure storage Ð eg, an integral, lockable compartment within a gun cabinet. Although secure storage of shot gun cartridges is not a requirement of the Firearms Acts, it is sensible to recommend that they should be locked away for both security and safety, especially where there are children in the house. 163 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 18.40 Although ammunition is not a serious fire hazard, it is advisable that ammunition containers are not in an area exposed to a risk of fire, nor should they be in the area of an escape route where there is a fire risk. If there is any doubt on the safety or method of intended storage, the Explosives Liaison Officer may be consulted. This is also recommended in the case where a private certificate holder intends to keep reloading articles such as gunpowder, primers or large quantities of cartridges etc. Section 5 firearms and other articles requiring section 5 authority 18.41 Where any section 5 firearm is held in a dwelling, the provisions of Level 3 security should be applied. The alarm system should include personal attack facilities for the safety of the occupants to BS EN 50131 and protected by an intruder alarm to BS4737 3.30:2015 or equivalent and ideally monitored by a NSI monitoring centre with an appropriate response. Safe-keeping of keys 18.42 Only authorised persons should have access to any of the keys for any cabinet etc containing firearms and section 1 ammunition. Care needs to be taken in selecting locations for the storage of keys, particularly any spare sets, to avoid them being discovered and improperly used. Consideration could be given to using a key cabinet or secure storage (safe) to store