days as may be so specified; participate in one or more residential exercises for a continuous period or periods comprising such number or numbers of days as may be specified in the order; in accordance with sub-paragraphs (6) to (9), engage in activities in accordance with instructions of the responsible officer on such number of days as may be specified in the order. The number of days specified in a supervision order in relation to an activity requirement must not, in aggregate, be less than 12 or more than 24. A requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(a) or (b) operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officer, on the number of days specified in the order in relation to the requirement— in the case of a requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(a), to present himself or herself at a place specified in the order to a person of a description so specified, or in the case of a requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(b), to participate in an activity specified in the order, and, on each such day, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place or the activity (as the case may be). Where the order includes a requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(c) to participate in a residential exercise, it must specify, in relation to the residential exercise— a place, or an activity. A requirement under sub-paragraph (1)(c) to participate in a residential exercise operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officer— if a place is specified under sub-paragraph (4)(a)— to present himself or herself at the beginning of the period specified in the order in relation to the exercise, at the place so specified to a person of a description specified in the instructions, and to reside there for that period; 174 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes if an activity is specified under sub-paragraph (4)(b), to participate, for the period specified in the order in relation to the exercise, in the activity so specified, and, during that period, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place or the activity (as the case may be). Subject to sub-paragraph (8), instructions under sub-paragraph (1)(d) relating to any day must require the defaulter to do either of the following— present himself or herself to a person of