[10] Conley, Sharon, and Sukkyung You. ÔKey Influences on Special Education TeachersÕ Intentions to Leave: The Effects of Administrative Support and Teacher Team Efficacy in a Mediational Model." Educational Management Administration & Leadership 45, no. 3 (2017): 521-540. https://doi.org/10.1177/1741143215 608859. [11] U.S. Department of Education. ÒGetting Started with Discretionary Grant Applications.Ó Accessed November 28, 2024. https://www.ed.gov/grants-and- programs/apply-grant/getting- started-discretionary-grant- applications. [12] OpenGrants. ÒCreating an Effective Budget Template for Grants.Ó Accessed November 28, 2024. https://opengrants.io/creating- an-effective-budget-template-for- grants/. [13] Firestone, Lisa. ÒPsychological Burnout and Acceptance and Commitment.Ó Psychology Today, March 22, 2022. Accessed November 28, 2024. https://www.psychologytoday.com/ us/blog/the-mindful-path-to-self- acceptance/202203/psychological- burnout-and-acceptance-and- commitment. [14] Arend, Phillip. ÒEngaging Stakeholders in Education Research, Dissemination, and Advocacy.Ó TeacherPH, July 27, [1] 2020. Accessed November 28, 2024. https://www.teacherph.com/engagin g-stakeholders-education-research- dissemination-advocacy/. Excellence, Equity, and Enrichment: Spreading the Schoolwide Enrichment Model in Broward County By Sanshray Singh, ss4379@cornell.edu Gifted education is currently implemented in a variable, inequitable fashion, raising concerns about its effectiveness in enhancing student performance. Elementary schools in Broward County should end separated classes for gifted students and implement the SEM method coupled with accelerated instruction. Background Across the country, Ògifted and talentedÓ programs have received increasing scrutiny over both entrenching socioeconomic inequities through issues with racial diversity and ability to substantively influence student trajectories. 1 Thus, it is important to ensure that such programs are both effective and equitable in their selection of gifted students who need specialized learning resources of these resources. At the elementary school level, Broward County, one of the largest districts in South Florida, currently implements a policy of creating ÒtrackedÓ classes, which are separate classes created for children classified as ÒgiftedÓ by an IQ test score.2 When there are not enough gifted students to fill an entire class, they are combined with Òhigh achievingÓ students who are not ÒgiftedÓ but have the highest performance in their grade on state- standardized tests of the previous year. These classrooms must have Ògifted specific programmingÓ and Òdifferentiated instruction,Ó leaving it up to individual schools to develop practices that vary from school to school.2 Thus, differences in tax base (wealthier areas have more municipal money to draw from than poorer areas) may create differences, such as lack of gifted trained staff, lesser access to specialized materials and resources, etc., following trends of lower quality programming for poorer children. A 2019 survey of 2000 elementary schools found that most 3rd grade level teachers were not using differentiated/accelerated instruction in gifted classrooms.2 Research shows that class separation may have minimal impact on gifted studentsÕ learning, often showing little increase above grade-level math and reading achievement. National surveys find gifted students earning in the 75th to 80th percentile, which is within the average score range.3Another study followed students from 3rd grade to 7th grade, comparing test scores of children just above the cutoff to be placed into gifted- tracked classes and just below this cutoff. They found weak associations between being in a gifted class and better performance on math and reading test scores.3 Policy Idea Elementary schools in Broward