other statutory agencies; Suspicion towards the police due to lack of perceived or real support for their community historically and/or currently; Concerns about racism and fear of racial stereotyping; Fears about immigration and/or asylum status and risk of deportation; Language and cultural barriers; Being disproportionately impacted by certain forms of VAWG, including forced marriage, staying in a marriage with a perpetrator, ‘honour’-based abuse and FGM) (see also the section ‘'Honour’-based abuse’); Feeling ashamed and/or concerned about family finding out; and Fear of rejection by the wider community. Domestic abuse is often under-reported within minority communities. Stereotypes and assumptions can be made about the victim’s culture and in some cases, experiences of domestic abuse have been treated as housing or immigration cases by public authorities.124 Professionals working with minority communities should be aware of barriers and actively seek to ensure the right support is made available to overcome them, including appropriate interpretation and translation support where this may be needed. There are distinct structural barriers that minority communities face in accessing support. CSEW data for the year ending March 2020 suggests that those from a Mixed ethnic background were more likely to have experienced domestic abuse within the previous year (7.6%) than those from white (5.7%), black (3.7%), or Asian (3.6%) ethnic backgrounds. However, the presence and impact of additional barriers across all groups, and particularly within ethnic minority communities, may lead to underreporting of abuse. 124 Thiara, RK, Roy, S, Ng, P. Between the lines: Service responses to Black and Minority Ethnic (BME) Women and Girls experiencing Sexual Violence: University of Warwick and Imkaan: 2015. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance There is a growing understanding amongst wider society about domestic abuse within Gypsy, Roma and Traveller communities and barriers faced by people within these communities in accessing help.125 Services should consider their particular support needs, including language or literacy support arising from disadvantages in relation to education, access to refuge spaces, and helping victims in building other support networks outside the community. Immigration status and migrant victims Victims who have entered the UK from overseas may face barriers when attempting to escape domestic abuse relating to their immigration status or lack thereof.126 Some victims may have the no recourse to public funds (NRPF) condition imposed due to the type of leave they have been granted. This can lead to greater dependence on the partner or family if they have supported their being in the UK. They may also face greater economic impact of leaving a perpetrator if they are unable to claim benefits or access housing, or if they lose their immigration status by leaving their partner, including destitution and homelessness. This may be exploited by partners or family members to exert control over victims. Examples of how perpetrators can exert control over migrant victims include: Threatening to no longer provide support for their stay in the UK; Falsifying a victim’s immigration status and/or purposefully bringing a victim into the UK with an incorrect visa to ensure they remain