for further human experimental studies to inform the risk of cardiac capture from the Taser devices currently available for police use in the UK. 77. Individuals with heart disease, or who have taken certain prescription or recreational drugs, may be more likely to experience adverse cardiac effects as a result of Taser discharge (paras. 22- 25). DOMILL considers that all Tasered individuals with an existing heart condition should be assessed by a physician at the earliest opportunity. Individuals without a diagnosed heart condition but who report symptoms consistent with a possible cardiac adverse event (for example, palpitations, chest or arm pain, shortness of breath) should be similarly assessed. 78. Use of Taser discharge may trigger respiratory distress in those with asthma (para. 26) or trigger seizures in those affected by epilepsy (para. 52-54). Police officers should be alert to these possibilities and seek urgent medical assistance if considered necessary. 79. The evidence for Taser-induced malfunction of cardiac pacemakers and implantable cardioverter defibrillators is limited, while data for other forms of implantable electronic device is scant (paras. 27-28). DOMILL will continue to maintain a watch for adverse medical outcomes involving persons fitted with these devices. 80. The medical implications of exposure of pregnant women to Taser discharge are not well- documented (paras. 29-35). DOMILL recommends that women who are pregnant, or who 41 http://www.westmercia.police.uk/about-us/acpo-armed-policing.html (retrieved 24 Sep 2010). 12 suspect they may be pregnant, receive specialist obstetric review as part of the post-incident medical assessment. 81. Post-incident medical assessment should seek evidence for sudden-onset back pain consistent with spinal compression fracture occurring around the time the Taser was discharged (paras. 38-39). Evidence for other types of musculoskeletal injury should also be sought. Those with osteoporosis may be more susceptible in this regard, although musculoskeletal injury is not confined to the older age group (para. 38). 82. Several categories of vulnerable person may be more likely to sustain injuries from Taser- induced falls (paras. 34, 40-46). Post-incident medical assessment should be guided by this. Investigation of head injury should be undertaken by a physician and appropriate follow-up diagnostic procedures requested if considered necessary. Follow-up of fall-associated blunt trauma of any form may be particularly important for individuals with a history of a bleeding or clotting disorder and those on anticoagulant or antiplatelet therapy (para. 45). 83. Children may be at higher risk of internal injury from barbs that have penetrated the torso (para.51). Penetrating torso injuries in children (and thin adults) should be carefully evaluated. DOMILL further recommends that X26 firing trials should be conducted using a suitable skin/tissue simulant to establish how depth of barb penetration varies with target distance. This will help subsequently to inform guidance on operational use of the device. 84. Injuries to the eye and other sensitive regions in the head and neck region may be more likely to arise in children and adults of short stature (paras. 49-50). DOMILL recommends that systematic firing trials are conducted over a range of distances using anthropometrically relevant targets in