OHU. Table of Contents 10. Monitoring and Review The policy has built in procedures for the monitoring of individuals in any testing. The Head of Professional Standards is responsible for monitoring the implementation and impact of this policy. The policy contains details of how this will be recorded. Data is monitored for disproportionate impact on minority groups. The policy will be reviewed annually and the outcome of monitoring will inform this review. 11. Appeals Process If a member of staff has an issue with the application of this policy, they should raise this with the Head of Department, Professional Standards. Members of the public who take issue with the application of this policy have recourse to the police complaints system. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Every policy is capable of having a knock on effect into other policy areas and on existing procedures. The following are related to this policy: Police Regulations Guidance on outcomes in police misconduct proceedings College of Policing Code of Ethics Police Staff Disciplinary Procedure AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Professional standards > Complaints and misconduct DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy and procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of Professional Standards is responsible for this policy and procedure. All queries relating to this policy and procedure should be directed to the Professional Standards Department. Table of Contents APPENDIX A Supporting a Member of Staff Who Volunteers an Issue Surrounding Their Alcohol or Drug Misuse 1. Identification by the Individual 1.1 An individual may choose to seek help on a completely voluntary basis prior to a request for a screening sample. If a member of staff believes that he/she has an alcohol or drug related problem they should seek specialist advice as soon as possible. The Occupational Health Unit will initiate such help if requested. 2. Identification by the Manager 2.1 Managers have an important role to play in identifying problems at work. Deterioration in work performance and/or changes in patterns of behaviour may be noticed by a manager with or without there being any obvious signs of alcohol or drug misuse. In these circumstances the Occupational Health Unit will provide advice and assistance for managers if required. Advice and guidance can also be accessed via Health Assured (Employee Assistance Programme) on: 0800 030 5182 and via the Wellbeing Portal Site. 3. Identification by a Colleague 3.1 A member of staff may notice changes in a colleagueÕs pattern of behaviour that leads them to suspect drug misuse. In this case it is their responsibility to draw the matter to the attention of the individualÕs manager. Colleagues MUST NOT, Ôcover upÕ or ignore a fellow member of staff whose work or behaviour is suffering as a