definition. Applicants should not seek injunctions against members of groups which do not fall under that definition. All applications must focus on gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing rather than, for example, acts of anti-social behaviour or acquisitive crime. 2.5. Who can apply for a gang injunction? Section 37 of the 2009 Act makes provision for an application to be made by: a) the chief officer of police for a police area; b) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; or c) a local authority. For this purpose, Ôlocal authorityÕ means: a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council. Chief Officers of police may give their consent for applications to be made by other senior police officers on their behalf. 2.6. How do Ôwith noticeÕ and Ôwithout noticeÕ applications differ? An application for a gang injunction should ideally be made Ôwith noticeÕ (see Section 9.2) being given to the respondent. However, there may be circumstances where an applicant may seek to make an application Ôwithout noticeÕ (see Section 9.1) being given to the respondent. For Ôwith noticeÕ applications, applicants are required to notify the respondent of the application and to consult appropriate police forces, local authorities, youth offending teams (if the respondent is under 18) and other bodies and individuals. It is good practice to notify the respondent at the same time as submitting an application to the court. The notification and consultation requirement do not apply for Ôwithout noticeÕ applications. More detail on the consultation requirement and when it applies can be found in Section 6. 8 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 2.7. What prohibitions and requirements can gang injunctions impose? A gang injunction can include any reasonable prohibition or requirement. Applicants will need to satisfy the court that these terms are necessary either to prevent the respondent from engaging in, encouraging or assisting gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing, and/or to protect the respondent from gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. See Section 8 for guidance on injunction prohibitions and requirements. Applicants will develop prohibitions and requirements with partners during the consultation process. See section 6 for guidance on consultation. 2.8. How do gang injunctions fit with other measures to tackle gangs? Gang injunctions are one of a range of tools and interventions used in local areas as part of a broader, strategic response to local gang problems. Those involved in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing should be prosecuted under criminal law if there is sufficient evidence and this is in the public interest. However, there may be instances where criminal proceedings have not yet been brought and applying for a gang injunction may be an appropriate response. These instances could include where a criminal investigation is still ongoing or the Crown Prosecution