made in relation to a supervision order by the original applicant or the defaulter, the court is satisfied that the defaulter proposes to live, or is living, in the area of a youth offending team other than the team for the time being specified in the order. (2) If the application is made by the defaulter, the court may amend the order by substituting for the youth offending team specified in the order the youth offending team for the area referred to in sub-paragraph (1) (or, if there is more than one youth offending team for that area, whichever of them the court decides). (3) If the application is made by the original applicant, the court must amend the order in the way mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) (subject to sub-paragraph (5)). (4) Where a court amends the supervision order under sub-paragraph (2) or (3) but the order contains a requirement that, in the opinion of the court, cannot reasonably be complied with if the defaulter lives in the area referred to in sub-paragraph (1), the court must also amend the order byÑ (a) removing that requirement, or (b) substituting for that requirement a new requirement that can reasonably be complied with if the defaulter lives in that area. (5) Sub-paragraph (3) does not require a court to amend the supervision order if in its opinion sub-paragraph (4) would produce an inappropriate result. (6) The original applicant must consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before making an application under sub-paragraph (1). 178 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Revocation of supervision order 10 (1) The original applicant or the defaulter may apply to a youth courtÑ (a) to revoke a supervision order; (b) to amend a supervision order by removing a requirement from it. (2) If it appears to the court to be in the interests of justice to do so, having regard to circumstances that have arisen since the supervision order was made, the court may grant an application under sub-paragraph (1) and revoke or amend the order accordingly. (3) The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) include the conduct of the defaulter. (4) If an application under this paragraph is dismissed, the party by which the dismissed application was made may make no further application under this paragraph withoutÑ (a) the consent of the court, or (b) the agreement of the other party. (5) The original applicant must