The Secretary of State may determine that different salaries are to be payable to the police and crime commissioners for different police areas. [F195(4) Where the person who is the police and crime commissioner for a police area is also a fire and rescue authority created by an order under section 4A of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, a determination under this paragraph in relation to that person may, in particular, take account of the fact that the person also exercises functions as that fire and rescue authority.] 152 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 3 (1) A police and crime commissioner is to be paid authorised allowances. (2) In this paragraph Òauthorised allowancesÓ means allowances, in respect of expenses incurred by a commissioner in the exercise of the commissioner's functions, which are of the kinds and amounts determined by the Secretary of State as payable in accordance with this paragraph. (3) A determination under this paragraph may make different provision for different cases. 4 (1) A police and crime commissioner must make authorised pension payments. (2) In this paragraph Òauthorised pension paymentsÓ meansÑ (a) pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been commissioner, and (b) amounts for or towards provision of pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been commissioner, which are of the kinds and amounts determined by the Secretary of State as payable in accordance with this paragraph. 5 (1) Payments under paragraphs 2 and 3 are to be made by the police and crime commissioner concerned. (2) The Secretary of State must publish every determination under any of paragraphs 2 to 4. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 153 Staff 6 (1) A police and crime commissioner must appointÑ (a) a person to be the head of the commissioner's staff (referred to in this Part as the commissioner's chief executive); and (b) a person to be responsible for the proper administration of the commissioner's financial affairs (referred to in this Part as the commissioner's chief finance officer). (2) A police and crime commissioner must comply with paragraphs 9 to 12 in appointing the commissioner's chief executive or the commissioner's chief finance officer. (3) A police and crime commissioner may appoint such other staff as the commissioner thinks appropriate to enable the commissioner to exercise the functions of commissioner. (4) Section 113 of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 applies to the