e.g. PND, PNC, ChildrenÕs Social Care; • submit an appropriate intelligence log; • complete relevant risk assessment and management plans (as per Force Policy); • refer to local authority childrenÕs social care (unless they were the referrer). • complete a crime report, ensuring that the incident is flagged in accordance with force procedures; • inform their supervisor, who must be at least the rank of inspector; • ensure that the on-call superintendent is made aware of the referral; • create a crime report/non-crime related occurrence to record the report/referral; 58 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation Police: Additional Considerations • if the report is made under the mandatory reporting duty (see Section 3.4) it must be recorded as a crime without delay or waiting for further investigation (unless there is immediately available credible evidence to show that a crime has not occurred). This includes cases where it is suspected that FGM occurred outside of England and Wales. • all officers and staff must treat this crime as a critical incident and deal with the matter effectively; • the investigative strategy should consider obtaining evidence or intelligence identifying the cutters (people who carry out FGM for payment or otherwise) and investigating these individuals with a view to identifying further victims and closing down such networks; and • investigating officers must refer to the Police/Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) Protocol for the investigation and prosecution of FGM cases. The 43 English and Welsh police forces have signed this protocol. Next steps when a girl is thought/known to have had FGM If it is believed or known that a girl has undergone FGM, a multi-agency strategy meeting should be held as soon as practicable (and in any case within two working days) to discuss the implications for the child and the coordination of the criminal investigation. There is a risk that the fear of prosecution will prevent those concerned from seeking help, resulting in possible health complications for the girl; thus police action will need to be in partnership with other agencies, affected communities and specialist non- government organisations. This should also be used as an opportunity to assess the need for specialist support services such as counselling and medical help as appropriate. Police officers should refer to the CPSÕs guidance ÔProvision of Therapy for Child Witnesses Prior to a Criminal TrialÕ58. As highlighted above, investigating officers must refer to the Police/CPS Protocol for the investigation and prosecution of FGM cases, which has been signed by the 43 police forces in England and Wales. A second strategy meeting should take place within a reasonable as appropriate to support the operational response. Conducting interviews about FGM As with all criminal investigations, children and young people should be interviewed under the relevant procedure/guidelines (e.g. ÔAchieving Best EvidenceÕ59) to obtain the best possible evidence for use in any prosecution. Consent should be obtained to record the interview and for allowing the use of the interview in family and/or criminal courts. In addition, information gained from