power used in relation to the object of the search and the appropriate nature of the outcome and legitimacy of the search. The College of Policing has issued training guidance to help understanding and local training needs. Wiltshire Police has adopted and uses the College of Policing guidance as part of our Stop and Search training. More detailed guidance on an effective and fair stop and search can be found in the College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice on stop and search. Use of Body Worn Video Where available, body-worn video (BWV) should be used in accordance with the Body Worn Video Procedure. BWV recording must commence as soon as sufficient grounds are present to request compliance with the search. BWV should be activated so as to capture all relevant information in the time leading up to the person being detained for a search, the conduct of the search itself and the subsequent conclusion of the encounter. A BWV recording does not replace the need for a written record of the search/encounter to be completed by the searching officer and given to the subject either at the time or within any specified period. Whilst there is no specific power within PACE to take a photographic or video image of a person during a stop and search, such action is not explicitly prohibited. However, users must consider Art 8 ECHR (right to private life) and consider, if requested to stop recording by the subject, whether it is necessary to continue to do so. The presumption would be that recording a stop and search encounter is likely to be proportionate unless overriding circumstances to the contrary exist. BWV should not be used where officers conduct a search of subjects where intimate parts of the body are exposed except in the most exceptional of circumstances. The camera should be covered or directed away from the person and, where possible, audio recording should remain activated. The officer should explain to the person that the recording is for the protection of all parties and reassure them that intimate parts will not be filmed. Use of Section 60 of Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 Authorisation for the use of Section 60 will only be given by an officer of the rank of Inspector or above, who must reasonably believe that incidents involving serious violence may take place, and that such authorisation is necessary to prevent their occurrence. Once authorisation for the use of s60 has been given the authorising officer must, as soon as practicable, inform an officer of the rank of superintendent or above. Initial authorisations will apply for a maximum of 24 hours (for any extension, an officer of the rank of Superintendent and above will authorise). Communication regarding the authorisation of a Section 60 to local communities should be (where applicable) made in advance. The outcomes should be communicated afterwards so that the public are informed of both the purpose and the result of the authorisation. Each Section 60 authorisation should