a relationship can develop with anyone with whom they have had contact with. Such victims can range from a dentist to a celebrity. Incompetent suitor Such stalkers will not have the skills to pursue a relationship, but do so anyway. They do not have the basic skills to develop and maintain a relationship. They can often be easily dissuaded from their behaviour. Table of Contents Resentful stalker Often typified by targeting professionals who have let them down whom they blame them for everything that has gone wrong with them. They seek to terrify and control. Cyber stalkers Cyber stalking is threatening behaviour or unwanted advances directed at another using the internet and other forms of computer communications. This may take the form of identity theft / posting false profiles / provoking others to attack others by attacking the victim / direct threats through email / messaging. Online abuse reduces perpetrators inhibitions resulting in higher propensity for poor behaviour. 54% cyber stalking victims first met their attacker off line. 4. RISK ASSESSMENTS A risk assessment will be completed in all cases of Stalking and Harassment regardless of whether it is Domestic related or not. When dealing with stalking and harassment Police Officers will often be presented with a set of circumstances that in isolation may not amount to stalking. Dialogue with the victim and the interrogation of police intelligence about the address, suspect and victim will assist with this identification. The responsibility will be on the attending officer to inquire if the incident is part of a series of incidents that may amount to stalking. In cases where it is related to Domestic Abuse (DA) or Child Protection (CP) a Police Protection Notice (PPN) on NICHE must be submitted. In cases where neither DA or CP are qualifiers a Stalking & Harassment Risk Assessment (Form 270) must be completed and attached to the niche occurrence. It is mandatory in all cases that this is completed by the end of the attending officersÕ tour of duty. The attending officers must use their professional judgement as to the risks presented to the victim, utilising the information gathered on the PPN or form 270 and decide on the risk level as per the following. RISK OF SERIOUS HARM is defined by the Home Office as: ÔA risk which is life threatening and/or traumatic, and from which recovery, whether physical or psychological, can be expected to be difficult or impossibleÕ Standard risk: Current evidence does not indicate likelihood of causing serious harm. Medium risk: There are identifiable indicators of risk of serious harm. The offender has the potential to cause serious harm but is unlikely to do so unless there is a change in circumstances, for example, failure to take medication, loss of accommodation, relationship breakdown, drug / alcohol misuse. High risk: There are identifiable indicators of risk of serious harm. The potential event could happen at any time and the impact would be serious. Table of Contents In standard and medium cases the attending