approved by the firearms portfolio holder. The decision to deploy them operationally in that role will be one for the nominated force chief officer (responsibility for training and operational deployment may or may not be the same portfolio holder). 6.3 Record keeping 6.3.1 Chief officers should ensure that their force maintains accurate and auditable records of evaluation, selection, training and accreditation of all officers and staff in all roles identified in this code. Such record keeping will inform the accreditation process of an officerÕs licence to practise. 1.1.1 6.4 Training to common national standards 6.4.1 Training in accordance with the NPFTC not only ensures the maintenance of consistent standards, but also facilitates interoperability. For this purpose the NPFTC will define standards of competence for officers and staff identified in this code. 6.5 Joint training and exercising 6.5.1 In order to test local and regional response plans and protocols in terms of effectiveness and interoperability, forces should maintain a regular programme of exercising. This programme should be documented within the annual firearms training plan (refer to section 6.1.1) and may include: ? joint training with other forces ? live and table top exercising within force, with other forces, military and emergency service partners. 6.6 Development of curriculum 6.6.1 The body responsible for the development and management of curriculum content is the College of Policing, or any successor body designated by the Secretary of State. 6.7 Development and approval of new tactics 6.7.1 The development of tactics is centrally coordinated in the interests of consistency and interoperability by the College of Policing. Forces and agencies should only develop alternative tactics in consultation with the College of Policing. 6.7.2 Where forces identify issues with existing tactics or procedures, in either operations or training, they should consult with the College of Policing so that such tactics or procedures may be reviewed. 6.8 Awareness training on armed policing and less lethal weapons 6.8.1 Chief officers must ensure that all operationally deployed officers and police staff receive awareness training on their role within armed policing and LLWs deployments, and all associated implications. 1.1.1 Post-deployment 7 procedures 7.1 Accountability 7.1.1 In order to maintain public confidence the police service must remain accountable. Chief officers should recognise the value of independent scrutiny in holding the police service to account and identifying operational and organisational learning. 7.1.2 Post-deployment procedures are designed to ensure that all armed and less lethal weapon deployments, irrespective of whether weapons have been discharged, are conducted in a manner which: ? ensures the integrity of the legal process in respect of police action, persons arrested or evidential material seized ? enables follow-up action related to any ongoing crime ? identifies any operational or safety-critical issues in respect of procedures, training, weapons or equipment used ? ensures individual, team and organisational learning takes place and is addressed both locally and nationally as appropriate. 7.1.3 Chief officers should ensure that there is a debriefing mechanism in place, following an authorisation to deploy armed officers or any use