4.3.1). Table 24: Armour submission requirements for ballistic ILM Protection level Panel type Sizes CPA (minimum quantity Ð largest panels available) Small Medium Large F B F B F B HO1 or HO2 Unformed42 3 Formed 1 HO3 Plate43 2 HO4 Plate 3 SG1 Plate 1 F = front panel; B = back panel; dark grey boxes Ð no panels required. Unformed armour, submitted for stab ILM, shall be conducted on a single unformed protective panel assessed against the criteria outlined in Section 10.6.1. Formed armour ILM stab testing shall be conducted on a single formed front panel and assessed against the criteria outlined in Section 10.6.2. As with ballistic testing, for unformed armour, these panels shall be the largest available that meet the sampling criteria. Formed armour shall be submitted with consideration given to the sizes of female-shaped torso mannequins (Section 4.3.1). ILM shall be conducted in accordance with the methods and assessment criteria for the respective tests outlined in PQT (Section 10). If PQT requirements are not met an investigation shall commence in accordance with Section 10.9. Additional operational armour may be required for assessment. 42 Formed armour shall be assessed through associated unformed armours in a CPA test. 43 Plates shall be supplied with associated soft armour submitted in certification. Appendix A: Declaration of construction Declaration of Construction of Body Armour to Home Office Body Armour Standard 2017 When completed this document will be classified ÒOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERCIAL] for use by Home Office and stated manufacturer only, unless agreed by both partiesÓ Manufacturer: Model Reference: Protection Level: Complete details of material to be included in technical file and associated data sheets Layer number Material Strike Face Body Side Cover description Carrier description [Manufacturer] hereby declare that all body armour produced as model [Armour Model Unique Identifier] will comprise the same materials and construction as specified in the construction declaration and technical file. All armour will meet the labelling requirements in accordance with Section 3.4 of Home Office Body Armour Standard (2017) Publication No. 012/17. Signed and dated [Manufacturer]: Appendix B: Materials data sheet: technical requirements The following provides a guide as to the details required as part of the submission of body armour for certification testing. This data shall be supplied as an attachment for each individual material used in armour construction. Where applicable, the following information is required. Woven elements Yarn: • Fibre type • Name (trade name and reference) • Producer (manufacturer and specific location) • Construction/filament count • Twist level • Linear density in Tex (grams per 1,000 m of yarn) Woven fabrics: • Material producer (manufacturer name and specific location) • Fabric structure (e.g. plain woven) • Areal density • Thickness • Material coating/surface treatments: International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) International Chemistry Identifier (InChITM) • Quilting and construction details (e.g. orientation, spacing, stitch type, adhesives) Felt elements • Felt type • Name (trade name and reference) • Producer (manufacturer and specific location) • Areal density • Thickness • Production details