being spent dealing with non-traditional police demand. The most demanding residents were found to have one or more of the following properties; (i) to be of white Ð Northern European origin, (ii) to be unemployed, (iii) to be associated with mental health issues, domestic violence incidents or substance abuse, and (iv) to have previously had other agency involvement. Practical Implications - These results indicate that the police could potentially reduce the demand for service by enhancing work within two key areas; partnership working and early intervention. Originality/value Ð In this time of austerity and police budget cuts, it is important to understand the demand on the UK police service in an attempt to reduce it. Keywords Ð UK; police; mixed methods; demand; resource management; partnership working; early intervention. Paper type Ð Research paper Introduction As a result of cuts to the police funding budget (HMIC, 2013), police administrators need to achieve a balance between reducing cost and maintenance of service quality whilst meeting service demands (Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014). Achieving such a balance is challenged by the polices expanding responsibilities, i.e. new roles in community policing, security, and emerging crimes such as cyber enabled crime, (College of Policing, 2015). Therefore, in order to strike an appropriate balance between competing priorities and tight budget constraints, police forces are seeking to identify major resource consumers in order to understand how they can be addressed to reduce the strain on the service. Traditionally, reported crime statistics have served as a basis for police resource management analyses as a measure of workload (Wilson, 2012). However recently, the College of Policing (2015) have reported that forces feel that the use of reported crime statistics in this way is inadequate: such statistics only reflect what is commonly referred to as Ôtraditional police businessÕ (typically associated with criminal offences and could rarely be solved by other agencies) and fail to consider that the ever increasing level of Ônon-traditional police businessÕ being dealt with by officers on a daily basis is also likely affect demand (Wilson, 2012). Despite evidence to suggest that crime has been decreasing since 1995 and that calls for police service received through the emergency Ô999Õ number has decreased by 23% since their peak in 2006/7, there is a widespread perception across UK forces that the demand on officers and staff has been, at least, maintained (College of Policing, 2015). This effect may reflect a combination of the increase in certain serious and complex crime types (i.e. violence against the person, shoplifting, sexual offense, fraud and public order), the high number of convictions (nearly 1 million) and penalty notices (34,000) issued for non-notifiable offences, and the 14% (35,000) reduction in Police officers and staff in 2014 (College of Policing, 2015). Nonetheless, there have been few empirical studies that can fully account for and describe the current public demand profile on the UK police service. Previous research that has examined citizen demand for police services has typically found that the majority of police calls (between