Ð Solicitors 8 DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION 9 POLICY STATEMENT Wiltshire Police recognises that the health, safety and well-being of itÕs employees is critical to the ForceÕs ability to deliver the services that the community needs and expects. We are firmly committed to the provision, so far as is reasonably practicable, of a safe and healthy working environment for all personnel. The Occupational Health Unit (OHU) provides support to the organisation and staff by providing occupational health specialist services to support the needs of the service. It seeks to reduce the incidence of illness and injury caused at work, and ensures that all staff are able to achieve their full capabilities at work. In order to accomplish this and obtain specialist Occupational Health/Medical advice and guidance, there may be a need to refer employees to Occupational health. The aim of the OH unit is to: • advise on pre-employment checks/screening in line with current legislation and organisational policy; • reduce the incidence of work-related ill health; • improve work opportunities for people with ill health or disabilities; • use the work environment to promote the maintenance of good health in all police officers and staff; • help people whose disability, illness or injury is impacting on work to remain at work, to return to work and/or full performance; • assist line management and HR to manage cases of ill-health more effectively; • aim to reduce the number of medical retirements. The OHU monitors and advises on the effects of work on health and health on work. To achieve this aim, certain activities are undertaken, such as: health assessments, vaccinations, return to work strategies and case conferences, external referrals and Trauma Risk Management (TRiM) http://firstpoint/deptinfo/peopleservices/occhealth_pages/TRiM.aspx This service is achieved through supporting all employees and their line managers by providing a professional, confidential, impartial and advisory Occupational Health service. POLICY AIM The purpose of this policy is to give an outline of the role the Occupational Health Department has in supporting People Services, line managers, Unison, the Federation and the employees of Wiltshire Police in all matters of health; in particular how work may impact on health and ill health may impact on the ability to work. APPLICABILITY The Policy applies to all staff and officers. It does not apply to volunteers or contractors. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy and procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 192 amended 1999 Medical Records Act 1988 Equality Act 2010 National Medical Recruitment Standards (2004) for entry to the Police Services and Fitness for Winsor Report 2012 Fitness for Work (2007) Faculty of Occupational Health Nursing and Midwifery Council (2008) Standards of conduct,