which, together with any other imprisonable offences of which he has been convicted in any proceedings— amount, or would, if he were convicted of the offences with which he is charged, amount, to a recent history of repeatedly committing imprisonable offences while remanded on bail or to local authority accommodation. The third condition is that the court— has been notified by the Secretary of State that electronic monitoring arrangements are available in each petty sessions area which is a relevant area; and is satisfied that the necessary provision can be made under those arrangements. The fourth condition is that a youth offending team has informed the court that in its opinion the imposition of such a requirement will be suitable in the case of the child or young person. Where a court imposes an electronic monitoring requirement, the requirement shall include provision for making a person responsible for the monitoring; 100 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 6 – Miscellaneous and supplemental Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes and a person who is made so responsible shall be of a description specified in an order made by the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State may make rules for regulating— the electronic monitoring of compliance with requirements imposed on a child or young person as a condition of bail; and without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (a) above, the functions of persons made responsible for securing the electronic monitoring of compliance with such requirements. Rules under this section may make different provision for different cases. Any power of the Secretary of State to make an order or rules under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument. A statutory instrument containing rules made under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. In this section “local authority accommodation” has the same meaning as in the Children and Young Persons Act 1969 (c. 54). For the purposes of this section a petty sessions area is a relevant area in relation to a proposed electronic monitoring requirement if the court considers that it will not be practicable to secure the electronic monitoring in question unless electronic monitoring arrangements are available in that area.” In subsection (7) of that section (cases where parent or guardian may be required to secure compliance with requirements), after “(6)” there shall be inserted “ , (6ZAA) ”. In section 3A(3) of that Act (which modifies section 3 of that Act in its application to bail granted by a custody officer), after “subsections” there shall