. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Persons accompanying investigating officers 24A . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Part 3 Detention Officers 269 Attendance at police station for fingerprinting Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall, in respect of police stations in the relevant police area, have the power of a constable under [F994Schedule 2A to the 1984 Act (fingerprinting and samples: power to require attendance at a police station) ] to require a person to attend a police station in order to have his fingerprints taken. Non-intimate searches of detained persons (1) Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall have the powers of a constable under section 54 of the 1984 Act (non-intimate searches of detained persons)— to carry out a search under that section of any person at a police station in the relevant police area or of any other person otherwise in police detention in that area; and to seize or retain, or cause to be seized or retained, anything found on such a search. 270 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 – Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) Subsections (6C) and (9) of section 54 of that Act (restrictions on power to seize personal effects and searches to be carried out by a member of the same sex) shall apply to the exercise by a person to whom this paragraph is applied of any power exercisable by virtue of this paragraph as they apply to the exercise of the power in question by a constable. Searches and examinations to ascertain identity Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall have the powers of a constable under section 54A of the 1984 Act (searches and examinations to ascertain identity)— to carry out a search or examination at any police station in the relevant police area; and to take a photograph at any such police station of an identifying mark. Searches of persons answering to live link bail [F99527A(1) Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, that person has the powers of a constable under section 54B of the 1984 Act (searches of persons answering to live link bail)— to carry out a search of any person attending a police station in the relevant police area; and to