Programme 6.2.1 Student Officers will follow the PEQF (Police Education and Qualification Framework) training programmes via one of the three initial entry routes named above in Overview. 6.2.2 These entry programmes will be subject to an initial training phase, tutorship phase and ongoing continuous development with assessment. All entry routes will be delivered via a collaboration between Wiltshire Police alongside the contracted HEI Partner, University South Wales (USW). 6.2.3 Reviews and assessments will be carried out at various times throughout the probationary period. These reviews and assessments will be documented within the Occupational Competence Portfolio (known as OCP). Student Officers are expected to demonstrate competence against the OCP and be fully competent against the Professional Policing Framework and The Code of Ethics. The requirements for this will be set out in the OCP (which is an electronic portfolio). 1.1.1 6.3 PCDA Standard Journey 6.3.1 YEAR 1 Initial Training Phase Day 1/2 Ð Attestation Weeks 1 Ð 23 Initial learning including 2 weeks leave and 6 x modules • To complete knowledge, understanding and practical elements of Year 1 curriculum. • Police specific training e.g. IT, Officer Safety, Driving Course • Employer led delivery to ensure programme meets organisational needs. • All academic assessments to be managed by the USW ensuring learning outcomes are met and learning meets academic standards. • Student development will be supported by a qualified tutor constable in the workplace until the student has evidenced the competence to patrol independently. Operationally Deployed Weeks 24 Ð 35 Ð Tutoring Phase • 1:1 Tutoring Period gathering evidence towards achieving • Independent Patrol Status in Occupational Competency Portfolio Weeks 36 Ð 52 Ð IPS Phase • Mentoring Period on shift. Gather evidence towards Full Occupational Competence in Occupational Competency Portfolio • USW will continue to assess the academic capability through a series of assignments based on the studentsÕ operational experience. GATEWAY 1 Ð INDEPENDENT PATROL & 120 CREDITS - LEVEL 4 6.3.2 YEAR 2 Months 13 Ð 24 Continuous Development • Professional Deployments - Response Policing ¥ Neighbourhood Policing ¥ Policing the Roads ¥ Information and Intelligence ¥ Conducting Investigations • Students should complete the OCP by the end of Year 2 (week 104) • USW will continue to assess the academic capability through a series of assignments based on the studentsÕ operational experience. GATEWAY 2 Ð COMPLETION OF THE OCCUPATIONAL COMPETENCY PORTFOLIO & 120 CREDITS - LEVEL 5 6.3.3 YEAR 3 Months 25 Ð 36 Continuous Development • Advanced Professional Development - Response Policing ¥ Neighbourhood Policing ¥ Policing the Roads ¥ Information and Intelligence ¥ Conducting investigations • Apprentices will be required to complete 3 academic modules to trigger the End Point Assessment process, which consists of an evidence-based project and a review of their Occupational Competency Portfolio. GATEWAY 3 Ð FULL OCCUPATIONAL COMPETENCE & 120 CREDITS 6.4 DHEP Standard Journey 6.4.1 YEAR 1 Initial Training Phase Day 1/2 Ð Attestation Weeks 2 Ð 23 Initial learning including 2 weeks leave and 6 x modules • To complete