justice process (where certain conditions are met). IAOs and WAOs serve different purposes at different stages of the criminal justice process. Investigation anonymity orders Encouraging potential witnesses to come forward and provide a statement with a view to giving evidence at trial is widely acknowledged to be one of the most difficult aspects of successfully prosecuting crimes of murder/manslaughter, particularly where guns or knives have been used. IAOs can be used during an investigation of a gang-related death caused by a gun or knife where potential witnesses are actively being sought. These orders are designed to reassure witnesses that their identity will be protected during and after the investigation. For further information: ACPO (2010) Criminal use of Firearms Briefing Paper Anonymity in Investigations: Investigation Anonymity Orders Witness protection and anonymity: The Crown Prosecution Service Family liaison The Stephen Lawrence Inquiry was a catalyst for a change in how the police support bereaved families of victims. Family liaison has developed substantially since its inception, and there have been some defining and tragic cases. Reviews of such cases have allowed the police service to reflect and continually improve its service to bereaved families. Family liaison deployment is one of the most important aspects of an investigation. Family members should be engaged in a professional and compassionate way, with respect for their beliefs and customs, subject to the requirements of the investigation. Those performing family liaison roles should act with the highest degree of professionalism and integrity. The principles set out in the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales, November 2020 underpin the police serviceÕs commitment to families. In this context, the word ÔfamilyÕ includes partners, parents, siblings, children, guardians and others who may not be related, but who have a direct and close relationship with the victim. See also College of Policing (2021) Charter for families bereaved through public tragedy. Family liaison can be used across a broad spectrum of investigations, including: murder and manslaughter fatal road traffic collisions mass fatality incidents rail fatalities critical incidents where family liaison might enhance the effectiveness of the police response The deployment of a family liaison officer (FLO) is determined by a police investigation, not because a crime has been definitively determined. Aims of family liaison The primary role of a FLO is as an investigator. The FLO will be responsible for gathering the evidence from the family that will assist the investigation. The key aims are: to secure the confidence and trust of the family, thereby enhancing their contribution to the investigation (this can positively impact the wider issues of community trust and confidence, as well as bringing positive benefits to the investigation) to gather material from the family in a manner that contributes to the investigation and preserves its integrity to work with the family in order to comply with their Rights to receive all relevant information connected with the enquiry, subject to the needs of the investigation, in a way that is proportionate to their fundamental right