among low-income and first-generation students.15 The ideal time to offer the course is 12th grade because students must be versed in financial literacy once they graduate high school, however the topic should be fresh in their minds as they become adults and begin to navigate their finances. The financial literacy requirement for NYS is extremely important, as students will not only be better equipped to finance their postsecondary education but will gain necessary financial skills that will help them lead happier, more successful lives. Highlights Many teenagers feel unprepared to manage their finances, as about half of college students lack confidence in their money management skills. NYS does not mandate a dedicated financial literacy course, leaving most students without essential financial skills for everyday life. The NYS Legislature should require all high school students to complete a semester-long financial literacy course in 12th grade, covering crucial topics like budgeting, credit scores, and savings. Implementing this course would likely improve students’ financial behaviors, leading to better debt management, higher credit scores, and enhanced overall life satisfaction, as demonstrated by successful programs in other states. Implementation In 2023, the NYS Senate introduced Bill S4860A to the State Senate’s Education Committee.16 This bill requires a stand-alone financial literacy course as a graduation requirement, mirroring the policy proposed above. State Senator Leroy Comrie sponsored the bill alongside eleven cosponsors, including two Republicans, indicating some bipartisan support. Although this seems like promising news, a version of this bill has been introduced in every legislative cycle for the past fifteen years. The bill has never managed to make it to the floor for a vote, likely due to a lack of political priority and sufficient advocacy. Therefore, more must be done to grow appeal among lawmakers and the public. Financial education experts should back the proposal to help it gain support and reach the floor for a vote. Experts should work with school administrators, lawmakers, and other key stakeholders to form a comprehensive curriculum that covers crucial topics including budgeting, investing, saving, and credit. These experts could be compensated for their work designing the bill by nonprofit organizations focused on financial literacy, corporate sponsors with a vested interest in the bill’s passing, or it could be conducted as pro bono work. A key stakeholder that is often overlooked are students, who can help the effort by demonstrating their interest for financial literacy in their schooling.17 State Senator Leroy Comrie should incorporate students into a social media campaign advocating for the bill, growing public attention while connecting with a large younger audience. Testimonials from students who would welcome financial literacy education could be used to raise awareness and motivate the public. After the New York State legislature passes the bill, it is important that it is implemented in a timely manner. Teachers should be required to attend professional development meetings with financial education experts who are well-versed in the curriculum to ensure the class is taught effectively. Once the policy is implemented, schools should monitor and evaluate