testing to provide enhanced assessment on the performance of rifle protection. • Production quality testing (PQT): introduction of critical perforation analysis (CPA) as a quality assurance tool to provide increased confidence in the continued production quality of soft armour. • In-life monitoring (ILM): periodical assessment of in-service body armour over a period of time to ensure performance is maintained. Special acknowledgements are given to Dr Sam Ellis and Mike Hicks at the Defence Ordnance Safety Group (DOSG) for the development of the perforation analysis tool based on original work conducted by the MPS Physical Protection Group. Further thanks must also be given to Mark Helliker of the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (Dstl) for his advice and support on ballistic elements of the standard. 1 Home Office Scientific Development Branch, which became Centre for Applied Science and Technology (CAST) in April 2011. Supplementary to the standard is a guidance document entitled Home Office Body Armour Standard (2017) Ð Guidance. This document has been written to be used alongside the standard and provides information to enable informed decision making in the selection and procurement of body armour and inform elements of best practice associated with its use. Nomenclature Angle of incidence The angle formed between the bullets intended line of flight and the perpendicular to front surface of the backing material at the point of impact. Areal density Mass per unit area (kg.m-2). Armour carrier The outer garment that contains the protective panels and holds them in the correct position against the body. Armour cover Cover immediately encapsulating the protective panel. Armour model unique identifier Unique reference given to a specific certified armour construction. This may be referred to as an Ôarmour modelÕ in this document. Associated panels Unformed protective panels, of the same construction as formed armour. Back face signature (BFS) The maximum depth of indentation made by body armour into ballistic backing material after impact, measured perpendicular from the surface of the backing material. Backing material Test medium positioned behind armour in ballistic, knife and spike tests. Batch A single complete production run of a given armour model. Batch reference Unique reference given to a batch of certified armour. Body armour A complete construction of protective panels, front and rear, that provides protection within its coverage area. This may be referred to as ÔarmourÕ in the document. Body side The side of the protective panel that must be worn against the surface of the body. Construction A combination of constitutive materials from a protective panel for a given armour model. Critical perforation analysis (CPA) Test method to identify the velocity associated to a given statistical probability of body armour perforation. Declaration of construction Document, signed by the manufacturer, that declares the construction of a given armour model. Design The shape or style of a specific construction of protective panel. Development testing Any test work conducted by a manufacturer in the development process of body armour. Extended coverage panels Additional panels of armour, of the same construction as unformed armour,