truancy, risk of exclusion from school; Increased application to activities outside the home, including academia or sports, as a distraction; 88 Co-ordinated Action Against Domestic Abuse (CAADA). Insights into domestic abuse 2: In plain sight: The evidence from children exposed to domestic abuse: 2014. 89 The multi-agency response to children living with domestic abuse September 2017 Gov.uk; Department for Education. Pathways to harm, pathways to protection: a triennial analysis of serious case reviews 2011 to 2014: University of Warwick and University of East Anglia: 2016. 90 Asmussen, K, Fischer, F, Drayton, E, McBride, T. Adverse childhood experiences: What we know, what we don't know, and what should happen next: Early Intervention Foundation: 2020. 91 NSPCC. Signs that a child has witnessed domestic abuse: 2022. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Inconsistent regulation of emotions, including becoming distressed, upset or angry; Becoming aggressive or internalising their distress and becoming withdrawn; Managing their space within the home so they are not visible; and Using alcohol or drugs, or self-harming. Children who are cared for by family members other than their parents and looked after children may also have additional needs that professionals should consider. Children and young people of different ages may respond in different ways to domestic abuse, depending on their stage of development. Babies and young children may be particularly vulnerable when living with domestic abuse, with protective factors often minimal for this age group (unable to seek help or remove themselves from danger, often ‘out of sight’ of regular contact with professionals, dependent on others and may not be able to recognise abusive behaviour). Babies experiencing the effects of domestic abuse may be more likely to have difficulty sleeping, have higher levels of excess crying and disrupted attachment. Children of pre-school age tend to show the most behavioural disturbance such as bed wetting, sleep disturbances and eating difficulties and are particularly vulnerable to blaming themselves for the adult violence. Older children may be more likely to show the effects of the disruption in their lives through under performance at school, poorly developed social networks, self-harm, running away and engagement in anti-social behaviour.92 Children with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) may find it difficult to express their feelings or may express them in different ways.93 Particularly if the child is autistic, has a sensory impairment, a learning disability or has complex or profound difficulties and are, for example, non-verbal. Distress can be presented in different ways, including through challenging behaviour, becoming more withdrawn, difficulties concentrating or other changes to their usual behaviours or ways of communicating. Professionals must take the individual needs of the child into consideration to support them to communicate in a way they feel comfortable. This may include drawing on multi-agency approaches, working with educational psychologists and drawing on the knowledge of those who know the child best, such as their teacher or any therapists currently involved in their support. It is important that children and young people have the communication tools appropriate to report abuse