no physical side effects, while others may experience physical symptoms (e.g. increased blood pressure, lethargy, changes in eating habits.) Employees may experience mental health issues for various reasons that an employer cannot control (e.g. hereditary, family conflicts, general health.) But, there are also work-related reasons for mental health problems, including: • Job insecurity. • Excessive pressure. • Work-life imbalance. • Lack of appreciation. • Work place trauma exposures • Hostile workplace conditions. • Unsatisfactory job or workload. • Unpleasant relationships with colleagues or managers. 2.1 Why work is important to employees' mental wellbeing 'Mental wellbeing is a dynamic state in which the individual is able to develop their potential, work productively and creatively, build strong and positive relationships with others and contribute to their community. It is enhanced when an individual is able to fulfil their personal and social goals and achieve a sense of purpose in society. Mental wellbeing at work is determined by the interaction between the working environment, the nature of the work and the individual. Work has an important role in promoting mental wellbeing. It is an important determinant of self- esteem and identity. It can provide a sense of fulfilment and opportunities for social interaction. For most people, work provides their main source of income. Work can also have negative effects on mental health, particularly in the form of stress. Work- related stress is defined as 'the adverse reaction people have to excessive pressure or other types of demand placed upon them. Although pressure can motivate employees and encourage enhanced performance, when pressure exceeds an employee's ability to cope, it becomes a negative force in the form of stress. Working environments that pose risks for mental wellbeing put high demands on a person without giving them sufficient control and support to manage those demands. A perceived imbalance between the effort required and the rewards of the job can lead to stress. A sense of injustice and unfairness arising from management processes or personal relationships can also increase stress and risks to mental health. Stress is not a medical condition, but research shows that prolonged stress is linked to psychological conditions such as anxiety and depression as well as physical conditions such as heart disease, back pain and headache. 2.2 Why employees' mental wellbeing is important to organisations' productivity and performance Promoting the mental wellbeing of employees can yield economic benefits for the business or organisation, in terms of increased commitment and job satisfaction, staff retention, improved productivity and performance, and reduced staff absenteeism. The costs associated with employees' mental health problems are significant for businesses and other organisations. These costs are associated with loss in productivity because of sickness absence, early retirement, and increased staff turnover, recruitment and training. Evidence also shows that productivity can be reduced through the lower level of performance of employees who are at work but experiencing stress or mental health problems. This is known as 'presenteeism'. 3. National Strategies and Initiatives This policy will embrace and support the implementation of