or database. Information received from other agencies will be treated and evaluated as a piece of intelligence. Storage All records created by Wiltshire Police and OPCC employees or service provider staff for a work purpose remain the property of Wiltshire Police and OPCC. They must be searchable and retrievable in order to comply with legislation (i.e. Data Protection Act, Freedom of Information Act etc.) Wherever possible, records will be stored electronically and source documents only retained where there are compelling operational or legal reasons for doing so. In circumstances where individual records cannot be separated out, for example police pocket notebooks, the entire collection of records should be retained according to the most serious offence they contain. Once information becomes a record, it must be stored in appropriate, secure, shared (where feasible) areas (i.e. SharePoint), rather than in ÒMy DocumentsÓ, Outlook folders, Desktops, One Note or desk drawers, and any draft notes deleted As a general rule, Niche RMS / other operational line of business Applications (for example Storm) should be used to process operational information. Sharepoint / other line of business Applications (for example Origin) should be used for non-operational records. Legacy operational information is accessible through the Force Data Search (FDS). Metadata Metadata is supplementary data about a record. It may be descriptive metadata, which aids searching (e.g. subject or date created), or it may be technical metadata, which aids with the management of the record over time (e.g. disposal schedule, access rights or preservation details). All records will be tagged with appropriate descriptive and technical metadata, including protective marking category and disposal schedule. Metadata should be based upon a business classification scheme or file plan and should stay with the record until the point of disposal when the record is no longer needed for business purposes. Information for a Law Enforcement Purpose (as defined by DPA) will be collected, recorded and linked in accordance with the MoPI Guidance during the initial review. Niche RMS will be the primary repository of Law Enforcement Purpose data. Preservation of Physical Records The tracking (movement and location of physical records) will be managed by the Operations Manager, Justice Division to ensure that any record can be: • easily retrieved at any time • and that there is an auditable trail of record transactions The long term preservation of physical records depends largely upon the environment in which they are stored. The following factors can all cause the premature degradation of physical records (e.g. paper, photographs & negatives, exhibits and audio/visual media): * adverse temperatures * fluctuations in relative humidity * exposure to light * pest infestations (insects or vermin) * mould * pollution * the stability, acidity or impurity of the paper * the quality of the storage wallets, folders and boxes used * incorrect handling The Operations Manager (Crime Justice & Standards) will ensure equipment and facilities used for current records storage is fit for purpose and safe from unauthorised access, meeting fire regulations and providing reasonable protection from water,