for appropriate and ongoing publicity to make tenants aware of what it does and how to get in touch Ð both so they can understand and help shape consumer regulation. • Broaden the skills mix and diversity of Board Members and increase the number of Members with consumer regulation experience. • Work with the regulator to make sure that the regulator is resourced and able to recruit the right new staff with diverse background and skills, including at senior levels. • Require the regulator to set up a statutory Advisory Committee to provide independent and unbiased advice on discharging its functions. This will not be a decision-making body. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 75 Third Party Certification Guidance Introduction The office of the Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner in conjunction with three UKAS accredited certification bodies (IQ Verify, National Security Inspectorate and Security Systems and Alarms Inspection Board) has a two-step certification process. The purpose of this guidance document is to explain the processes and the steps you need to take towards achieving the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice certification. Background The Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 introduced the regulation of public space surveillance cameras in England and Wales. As a result, the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice was issued by the Secretary of State under Section 30 of the Act to ensure that the use of cameras in public places is regulated and they are only used lawfully, in pursuit of a specified purpose and in a proportionate way. The Code, like the legislation it supports, is enabling in nature and aims to balance the need for camera systems in public places with individual human rights such as the respect for home and private life, freedom of speech and assembly. The Code applies to the use of surveillance camera systems that operate in public places in England and Wales, regardless of whether or not there is any live viewing, or recording of images or information or associated data. The Code states that a relevant authority1 must have regard to the guidance in the Code when exercising any of its functions to which the Code relates. This includes the consideration of future deployment or continued deployment of surveillance camera systems to observe public places, the operation or use of any such surveillance camera systems, or the use or processing of images or other information obtained through the system. As part of the CommissionerÕs role to raise standards, he has a Self- Assessment Tool on his website which enables organisations to find out how well they comply with the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice. Following on from that is the certification process that will enable organisations to be audited against the Code by a third party with the view to receiving a certification mark and a certificate issued by the Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner. This process will help to raise standards in the 1 These are defined at section 33 of the Protection of