deceased. Examples include: blood saliva sweat seminal fluid skin cells Consider personal objects used exclusively by the missing person: hairbrush/comb clothing toothbrush razors headwear chewing gum lipstick cigarettes mobile phones/tablets/laptops jewellery glasses gum shields wind instruments (the reed) footwear gloves medical inhalers 3. Familial DNA A profile obtained from known, close blood relatives of the deceased. These are the deceasedÕs: natural mother known natural father confirmed children 4. Elimination DNA A profile obtained to confirm or eliminate a surrogate or familial DNA profile. For example, a sample from a sibling of the same sex may be provided. The DNA profiles can then be compared to demonstrate that they are indeed siblings. For a UK-based incident, the national DNA database crime stain kits (eight-series barcodes) should be used. This ensures that each individual sample is labelled with a unique barcode. The reference sample kits should be submitted to the laboratory as soon as possible. If there is to be any delay in submission, the kits and DNA samples should be frozen. Antemortem fingerprint sample collection A crime scene investigator should collect latent fingerprint marks, which should be compared on an automated fingerprint identification system, such as IDENT1. There may be other means of obtaining a set of latent fingerprint marks which the FLO should explore, including: fingerprints taken by the police and held by the Criminal Records Office fingerprint records in biometric passports or on digital devices workplace biometric data, which may include fingerprint records held by the human resources or personnel department Where possible, fingerprint experts should have relevant fingerprint data collected during post-mortem procedures when attending the antemortem data collection site. This may speed up and simplify the identification process and significantly reduce the stress of such procedures for the family. Support for families Getting help and further support Grief can manifest itself in many ways. To what extent depends on many factors, including the relationship with the person who has died and the way they died. After a traumatic death, such as losing a loved one, those feelings of grief can be magnified. It is imperative that support is offered and the families are signposted to support to help them. Should the incident under investigation be declared a criminal investigation, it should be discussed with the Victim Support Homicide Service as soon as reasonably possible. The definition of a major criminal incident is where a crime: causes multiple fatalities and/or serious injuries requires a response under one or more of the emergency servicesÕ major incident plan is such that some degree of central government support or coordination may become necessary. Characteristics of a major criminal incident often include the following. A large number of victims and witnesses (often involving loss of life and serious injury, but also longer- term trauma and impact on victimsÕ and witnessesÕ lives). Wide-ranging and complex needs for support (such as wider community, health, emotional and practical support). A coordinated government response to address immediate, short-term and longer-term needs of victims and witnesses and,