of one or more police forces and two or more policing bodies. (2) A collaboration agreement is an agreement containing one or more of the followingÑ (a) provision about the discharge of functions of members of a police force (Òforce collaboration provisionÓ); (b) provision about support by a policing body for another policing body (Òpolicing body collaboration provisionÓ); (c) provision about support by a policing body for the police force which another policing body is responsible for maintaining (Òpolicing body & force collaboration provisionÓ). (3) A collaboration agreement may not contain force collaboration provision unless the parties to the agreement consist of, or include,Ñ (a) the chief officer of police of each police force to which the provision relates, and (b) the policing body that is responsible for maintaining each such police force. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 83 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) A collaboration agreement may not contain policing body collaboration provision unless the parties to the agreement consist of, or include, each policing body to which the provision relates. (5) A collaboration agreement may not contain policing body & force collaboration provision unless the parties to the agreement consist of, or includeÑ (a) the policing body, or each policing body, to which the provision relates; (b) the chief officer of police of the police force, or each police force, to which the provision relates; and (c) the policing body that is responsible for maintaining each such police force. (6) Subsection (1) does not prevent other persons from being parties to collaboration agreements. (7) Subsection (2) does not prevent a collaboration agreement from including other kinds of provision. (8) For the purposes of subsections (3) and (5), the circumstances in which force collaboration provision, or policing body & force collaboration provision, is to be taken to relate to a police force include the cases where provision relatesÑ (a) to functions of a kind which are or may be exercisable by members of that police force, or (b) to the police area for which that police force is established. (9) For the purposes of subsections (4) and (5), the circumstances in which policing body collaboration provision, or policing body & force collaboration provision, is to be taken to relate to a policing body include the cases where provision relatesÑ (a) to functions of a kind which are or may be exercisable by that policing body or members of the staff of that body, or (b) to the police area for which that policing body is established. 22B Duty of chief officers to keep collaboration agreements under review (1) The chief officer of police of a police force must keep under consideration the