case of a tort, that chief officer is to be treated as a joint tortfeasor accordingly. (7C) For the purposes of determining liability for the unlawful conduct of police volunteers designated under section 38, conduct by such a volunteer in reliance or purported reliance on a designation under section 38B is to be taken to be conduct by that person in the course of employment by the chief officer of police by whom the designation under section 38 is made; and, in the case of a tort, that chief officer is to be treated as a joint tortfeasor accordingly.] F446(8) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (9) For the purposes of determining liability for the unlawful conduct of employees of a contractor (within the meaning of section 39), conduct by such an employee in reliance or purported reliance on a designation under that section shall be taken to be conduct in the course of his employment by that contractor; and, in the case of a tort, that contractor shall fall to be treated as a joint tortfeasor accordingly. (10) For the purposes of determining liability for the unlawful conduct of employees of a person with whom a chief officer of police has entered into any arrangements for the purposes of a community safety accreditation scheme, conduct by such an employee in reliance or purported reliance on an accreditation under section 41 shall be taken to be conduct in the course of his employment by that employer; and, in the case of a tort, that employer shall fall to be treated as a joint tortfeasor accordingly. [F452(11) For the purposes of determining liability for the unlawful conduct of weights and measures inspectors, conduct by such an inspector in reliance or purported reliance on an accreditation under section 41A shall be taken to be conduct in the course of his duties as a weights and measures inspector; and, in the case of a tort, the local weights and measures authority by which he was appointed shall fall to be treated as a joint tortfeasor accordingly.] 102 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Textual Amendments F432 S. 42(A1)-(C1) omitted (31.1.2017 for specified purposes, 15.12.2017 in so far as not already in force) by virtue of Policing and Crime Act 2017 (c. 3), s. 183(1)(5)(e), Sch. 12