of sub-paragraph (1). (3) The power of the responsible officer to give directions by virtue of sub- paragraph (1) about the provision of samplesÑ (a) is a power to give directions as toÑ (i) the type of samples to be provided, and (ii) the times at which, or circumstances in which, they are to be provided, (b) is subject to any provision made by the order, and (c) is to be exercised in accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary of State. (4) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under sub- paragraph (3)(c). (5) In this paragraph and paragraph 22BÑ ÒdrugÓ means a controlled drug as defined by section 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971; Òpsychoactive substanceÓ has the meaning given by section 2(1) of the Psychoactive Substances Act 2016. Restrictions on imposing drug testing requirement 22B (1) A court may not impose a drug testing requirement unless the following conditions are metÑ 346 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Detention and training orders: time to count as served Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the misuse condition, and (b) the availability of arrangements condition. (2) The misuse condition is that the court is satisfied that the offenderÕs misuse of a drug or psychoactive substanceÑ (a) caused or contributed to the offence to which the order relates or an associated offence, or (b) is likely to cause or contribute to the commission of further offences by the offender. (3) The availability of arrangements condition is that the court has been notified by the Secretary of State that arrangements for implementing drug testing requirements are available in the offenderÕs home local justice area (and the notice has not been withdrawn).Ó SCHEDULE 16 Section 160 DETENTION AND TRAINING ORDERS: TIME TO COUNT AS SERVED PART 1 DETENTION AND TRAINING ORDERS MADE UNDER SENTENCING CODE Criminal Justice Act 2003 (c. 44) 1 The Criminal Justice Act 2003 is amended as follows. 2 (1) Section 240ZA (time remanded in custody to count as time served: terms of imprisonment and detention) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, for Òand detentionÓ substitute Òor detention and detention and training ordersÓ. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) This section also applies whereÑ (a) a court, on or after the day on which Schedule 16 to the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 came into force, makes a detention and training order in respect of an offender for an offence, and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE