being fired may be collected, and a collection may include items other than firearms, for example, uniforms and military equipment. Collections of one or two firearms should not normally be accepted unless they form part of a wider collection of non- firearm related exhibits. ÒCollectionÓ should not be used as an excuse to retain firearms purely for personal or sentimental reasons. In the case of Hutchison v Chief Constable of Grampian (1977), the Court upheld the decision to refuse to issue a certificate for collection to an applicant who was not considered to be a bona fide collector. An appropriately conditioned firearm certificate that authorises the collection of ammunition does not exempt the holder of that certificate from their duty to comply with legislation controlling the storage of explosives. This is the Explosives Regulations 2014 (SI 2014/1638). Ammunition collectors should be made aware of the potential compliance requirements in respect of other legislation. The Force Explosive Liaison Officer (ELO) should be consulted in respect of such matters. The NPCC (FELWG) has produced an Information and Guidance note dealing with this matter. This note has been circulated to the British Shooting Sports Council and the European Cartridge Research Association who may be consulted for further advice. 12.60 Generally, bona fide collectors of firearms are not normally authorised to possess ammunition and are made subject to a condition prohibiting the use of their firearms. This will be an appropriate balance to the possession of a large number of firearms by a private individual. However, there are two instances where ammunition might be authorised. Some collectors may wish to collect ammunition either as a part of a wider collection of firearms or in its own right. There may also be cases where applicants wish to fire their firearms occasionally, for example to test fire them on an appropriate range. In these cases, the allocation of ammunition for each firearm should be small, and the applicant expected to use these rarely. The provisions of regular use as for target shooting set out above should not be applied. A similar principle would apply to antique firearms not held as a curiosity or ornament that are held on certificate for occasional firing. Collections of ammunition may also include exhibits to which section 5 of the 1968 Act applies. This will normally be reflected in conditions. 12.61 Collectors of firearms should not generally be registered as dealers in respect of their collections (see Chapter 15). Special arrangements apply to collections of firearms held by museums (see Chapter 16), though in cases where a museum holds only a few firearms (for example, as part of a stately home), the grant of a firearm certificate may be appropriate. 12.62 The term Òtrophy of warÓ is not defined in legislation but is generally held to refer to firearms either carried on active service or captured from the enemy. The term may 107 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law be interpreted fairly widely when persons of good repute wish to retain possession