of action should be decided on a case-by-case basis, with expert input from all relevant agencies. • Working across agencies as soon as a girl or woman is identified as being at risk of FGM is essential. D.1. FGM: Part of Wider Safeguarding Responsibilities FGM is not an issue where action or intervention can be determined by personal preference Ð it is an illegal, extremely harmful practice and a form of child abuse and violence against women and girls. Fears of being branded ÔracistÕ or ÔdiscriminatoryÕ should not weaken the protection that professionals provide. Organisations should have local safeguarding protocols and procedures for protecting children (see Chapter 4). In Wales the national Wales Safeguarding Procedures detail the essential roles and responsibilities for practitioners to ensure that they safeguard children and adults who are at risk of abuse and neglect. There are also a number of practice guides including the ÔAll Wales Practice Guide: safeguarding children from harmful practices related to tradition, culture, religion or superstitionÕ. 48 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation Managing risk throughout childhood Being born to a mother who has undergone FGM may mean a female child is at greater risk of FGM (see Annex B for risk factors). This risk can usually be identified at birth as, through ante-natal care and delivery of the child, NHS professionals can and should have identified that the mother has had FGM. Professionals should remember that FGM can be carried out at any age, so identifying that a girl is at risk of FGM at birth means that safeguarding measures adopted may need to remain in place for a number of years over the course of her childhood. This differs from other forms of harm, and this difference in approach should be recognised when putting in place policies and procedures to protect against FGM. Remember: If the only risk indicator is that a girlÕs mother has undergone FGM, referral to childrenÕs social care may not be appropriate, but other local multi- agency arrangements may be relevant. In such cases, monitoring is important to ensure that agencies respond appropriately if circumstances change and other risk factors arise. Where there is a specific risk, the case should be referred to social care. Guidance for healthcare professionals on FGM risk and safeguarding is available at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/safeguarding-women-and-girls-at-risk-of- fgm D.2. Safeguarding Effectively A girl at risk of FGM may need to be safeguarded over a significant proportion of her childhood, and it is therefore essential that agencies work together to determine the most appropriate safeguarding response. The importance of sharing information between practitioners and between agencies in relation to girls who may be at risk of FGM should not be underestimated (see Section 4.7). Potential signs of risk might be mentioned by a girl, her family or her friends to different professionals. For example, if a girl tells her teacher about an impending special ceremony, and in the following week the girl is taken to the GP surgery to receive travel vaccinations for