County Court should be made to the court hearing centre with jurisdiction over the area in which the respondent resides or where the gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing occurs.18 If the application is on notice and is made at a County Court hearing centre which does not serve the address where the respondent resides or the conduct complained of occurred, the application will be issued by the County Court hearing centre where the application is made and sent to the appropriate hearing centre. If the application is made without notice, it can be made to any County Court hearing centre. However, any hearing thereafter requiring the attendance of the respondent will be at one of the designated hearing centres. Applications may be made to the Youth Court in the area in which the respondent resides or where the gang-related violence or gang- related drug dealing occurs. When making an application for an injunction and unless the court to which an application has been made orders otherwise, a Ôwith noticeÕ application for an injunction or any other hearing requiring the respondentÕs attendance must be heard at one of the following court hearing centres: a) Birmingham b) Bradford c) Brighton d) Bristol e) Cardiff 18 CPR 65.43(2)(b). 30 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing f) Chelmsford g) Croydon h) Leicester i) Liverpool j) Luton k) Manchester l) Newcastle m) Norwich n) Nottingham o) Oxford p) Peterborough q) Portsmouth r) Preston s) Sheffield t) West London19 These court centres were identified by HM Courts and Tribunals Service (HMCTS) as offering some of the security facilities and special measures necessary to hear cases involving potentially violent individuals. Whilst Youth Courts offer security facilities and various special measures to hear cases, the court may not be suitable to hear all cases, particularly those where a security risk has been identified. Applicants will need to liaise closely with both the police and court staff at the earliest possible opportunity to ensure appropriate security facilities and special measures to hear cases are in place. Depending on the location of any particular court, a youth hearing centre might wish to consider whether there is a nearby combined court centre which would be better equipped to deal with the application. In all cases, applicants and police should be clear about which of the security measures listed above may be necessary as it is unlikely that a case will require all of the measures. Applicants will need to liaise closely with court staff at the earliest possible opportunity to establish which of the specified courts have the facilities most appropriate to their particular case and recommend these courts in their application. Applicants may also want to consider whether a local court hearing centre is appropriately equipped to deal with a particular case and could therefore order that it retains the matter. The decision to transfer proceedings rests with the court and the applicant must be prepared to assist the court in making this decision.