of the Director General. The persons within this sub-paragraph are— employee members of the Office; employees of the Office appointed under paragraph 6; seconded constables within the meaning of paragraph 8. The reference in sub-paragraph (1) to a function of the Director General is to any function that the Director General has under this Act or any other enactment. A person (“A”) who is authorised under sub-paragraph (1) to exercise a function may authorise another person within sub-paragraph (2) to exercise that function (but only so far as permitted to do so by the authorisation given to A). An authorisation under this paragraph may provide for a function to which it relates to be exercisable— either to its full extent or to the extent specified in the authorisation; either generally or in cases, circumstances or areas so specified; either unconditionally or subject to conditions so specified. Provision under sub-paragraph (5) may (in particular) include provision for restricted persons not to exercise designated functions. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (6)— “designated functions” are any functions of the Director General that are designated by the Director General for the purposes of this paragraph (and such functions may in particular be designated by reference to the position or seniority of members of staff); “restricted persons” are, subject to any determination made under sub- paragraph (8), persons who fall within section 9(3). Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 – The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 161 The Director General may, in such circumstances as the Director General considers appropriate, determine that persons are not to be treated as restricted persons so far as relating to the exercise of designated functions (whether generally or in respect of particular functions specified in the determination). The Director General must publish a statement of policy about how the Director General proposes to exercise the powers conferred by sub-paragraphs (7)(a) and (8). The statement must in particular draw attention to any restrictions on the carrying out of functions imposed by virtue of their designation under sub-paragraph (7)(a) and explain the reasons for imposing them. The exercise of the powers conferred by sub-paragraphs (7)(a) and (8) is subject to any regulations under section 23(1) of the kind mentioned in section 23(2)(g) (regulations limiting persons who may be appointed to carry out investigations etc). An authorisation under this paragraph does not prevent the Director General from exercising the function to which the authorisation relates. Anything done or omitted to be done by or in relation to a person authorised under this paragraph in, or