voluntary sector agencies and spontaneous volunteers facilities for waste disposal and facilitation of remediation and reoccupation of aﬀected sites or areas assistance in organising plant, demolition and site clearance facilities and emergency accommodation and care for the displaced or homeless Multi-agency partners Various agencies and organisations (private and voluntary) may be involved in the response to a mass fatality incident. Each agency’s level of involvement is determined by the incident’s scale and nature. Each local resilience forum (LRF) has plans and arrangements in place for dealing with mass fatality incidents. The multi-agency response will follow the Joint Emergency Services Interoperability Principles (JESIP). Co-location Communication Coordination Joint understanding of risk Shared situational awareness Further information can be found at JESIP . Agencies that may be involved in the response to a mass fatality incident in the UK and abroad include the following. Home Oﬃce and Cabinet Oﬃce LRFs Local authorities Fire and rescue services Department of Health and Social Care and the NHS Ministry of Defence Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Oﬃce (FCDO) UK National Disaster Victim Identification Unit (UK DVI) National Police Coordination Centre (NPoCC) Health and Safety Executive (HSE) Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) Maritime and Coastguard Agency INTERPOL Private sector organisations Voluntary sectors Fire and rescue services The role of fire and rescue services in an emergency or major incident is to rescue those trapped by fire, wreckage or debris. They may also support recovering deceased persons and human remains. Fire and rescue services have an urban search and rescue (USAR) capability. They can assist in recovering deceased and human remains from constricted sites, collapsed buildings or from the wreckage or transport incidents. USAR is a functional support sector for fire and rescue services. USAR respond to incidents involving unstable and collapsed structures resulting from deliberate or accidental causes. They search, detect, locate and rescue trapped casualties and support the recovery of the deceased. This includes working in environments that are difficult to access such as underground, in restricted spaces or at heights. They also respond to serious transportation incidents involving trains, trams and aircraft. In these challenging environments, USAR teams have various specialised methods and an array of equipment allowing them to conduct: technical searches breaking and breaching lifting and moving propping and shoring to stabilise structures and prevent further collapse The National Fire Chiefs Council and the National Police Chiefs’ Council have a memorandum of understanding to support policing in mass fatality incidents. See: Joint Working Principles for Urban Search and Rescue Support to Police in Disaster Victim Identification (NFCC, NPCC and College of Policing, 2017) Ambulance Hazardous Area Response Team (HART) Hazardous area response teams are specifically recruited and trained personnel, equipped to provide the ambulance response to high-risk environments and complex emergency situations. HARTs are based in each NHS Trust in England and Wales, providing cover across the whole of each country. In some cases, they may work together on specific, large scale or high-profile