Act requires Category 1 responders to maintain plans for preventing emergencies; reducing, controlling or mitigating the effects of emergencies; and taking other action in the event of emergencies. These should draw on risk assessments and should have regard for the arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public at the time of an emerg ency (https://www.gov.uk/preparation-and-planning-for-emerg encies-the-capabilities- programme#warning-and-informing-the-public). The Regulations require plans to contain a procedure for determining whether an emergency has occurred; provision for training key staff; and provision for exercising the plan to ensure it is effective. Procedures should also be put in place to ensure that the plan is reviewed periodically and kept up to date. Category 1 responders should involve Category 2 responders - and other organisations which are not subject to the ActÕs requirements - as appropriate throughout the planning process. Category 1 responders are specifically required to have regard to the activities of relevant voluntary organisations when developing plans. The Regulations permit Category 1 responders to collaborate with other organisations in delivering the emergency planning duty. Category 1 responders also have a statutory duty to publish their emergency plans, to the extent necessary or desirable for the purpose of dealing with an emergency. Emergency planning at the sub-national level Planning at a multi-LRF level is different from planning at the local level. For more information on the sub-national tier, see the Arrangements in England (https://www.gov.uk/preparation-and-planning-for-emerg encies-responsibilities-of-responder- agencies-and-others#arrangements-in-england) section. Emergency planning in the devolved administrations It is equally important that organisations within the devolved administrations conduct effective emergency planning. The devolved administrations section below provides more detail on the extent to which the Civil Contingencies Act duties apply and their individual emergency planning arrangements. The government works closely with the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Ireland governments to promote effective emergency planning that is, as far as possible, consistent with that of the rest of the UK. Emergency planning at the UK government level The UK government capabilities programme is the core framework through which the government is seeking to build resilience across all parts of the UK. The programme uses risk assessment over a 5-year period to identify the generic capabilities that underpin the UKÕs resilience to disruptive challenges, and ensures that each of these is developed. These capabilities include dealing with mass casualties and fatalities, response to chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear incidents, provision of essential services and warning and informing the public. A full list of the current capabilities can be found in this g uide to the capabilities programme (https://www.gov.uk/preparation-and-planning-for-emerg encies-the-capabilities- programme). The government has in place a coordinated cross-governmental exercise programme covering a comprehensive range of domestic disruptive challenges, including accidents, natural disasters and acts of terrorism. The programme is designed to test rigorously the concept of operations from the coordinated central response through the range of lead government department responsibilities and the involvement of the devolved administrations, to the sub-national tier and local responders. More information is provided in the g uide to emerg ency exercises and training (https://www.gov.uk/emerg ency-planning-and-preparedness-exercises-and-training).