firearm certificate or visitorÕs permit relates is lost (whether by theft or otherwise), the chief officer who granted the certificate or permit must be notified within seven days by recorded or special delivery. The actual methods of destruction of firearms are not covered by legislation but to provide adequate safeguards it is generally more appropriate for certificate holders to surrender it either to a registered firearms dealer or to the police rather than to destroy it themselves (see Chapter 24 for further information). 5.21 Section 35 of the 1997 Act requires that if a firearm or shot gun is sold or otherwise disposed of outside Great Britain by a person whose acquisition or purchase of the firearm or shot gun was authorised by a firearm certificate or shot gun certificate, the person holding the certificate must notify the chief officer of police within fourteen days by electronic notification (for example, by email or fax) or recorded or special delivery, or, if they are abroad, by the nearest available equivalent. The notification must contain a description of the firearm or shot gun (including any identification number) and the name and address of the person to whom the gun was sold or disposed of. 5.22 Section 35 of the 1997 Act requires that if a firearm to which a firearm or shot gun certificate relates is deactivated, destroyed or lost (whether by theft or otherwise) or if any ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies is lost outside Great Britain, the chief officer of police who issued the certificate must be notified within fourteen days. The notice must contain the same information as the notice of sale or disposal and be sent electronically (for example, by email or fax) or by recorded or special delivery. 5.23 A firearms dealer is also required to send a notification of a transaction involving a visitor under section 18(1) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 to the chief officer of police for the area in which they are registered. The notice must be sent within forty-eight hours of the transaction, electronically (for example, by email or fax) or by recorded or special delivery, and contain all the particulars entered in the register of transactions including the details of the purchaserÕs passport, if any. 5.24 Section 8(2)(a) of the 1968 Act also provides specifically that it is not an offence to part with possession, otherwise than by sale, hire, gift or loan, to a person who is entitled to possess the firearm or ammunition without a certificate. 5.25 Further exemptions from the need to produce a certificate are made for persons collecting a shot gun from a dealer who has had it for repair, test or proof (section 8(2)(b) of the 1968 Act). It would be good practice for the dealer and persons to whom carriers or warehousemen or their servants are delivering a firearm or ammunition in the ordinary course of business to ask to see a certificate (section 9(4) of the 1968