with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes if satisfied as to any of the matters mentioned in subsection (3), order the return of so much of the seized property as is property in relation to which the authority is so satisfied; and to the extent that that authority is not so satisfied, dismiss the application. The appropriate judicial authority— on an application under subsection (2), on an application made by the person for the time being having possession of anything in consequence of its seizure under a relevant power of seizure, or on an application made— by a person with a relevant interest in anything seized under section 50 or 51, and on the grounds that the requirements of section 53(2) have not been or are not being complied with, may give such directions as the authority thinks fit as to the examination, retention, separation or return of the whole or any part of the seized property. On any application under this section, the appropriate judicial authority may authorise the retention of any property which— has been seized in exercise, or purported exercise, of a relevant power of seizure, and would otherwise fall to be returned, if that authority is satisfied that the retention of the property is justified on grounds falling within subsection (7). Those grounds are that (if the property were returned) it would immediately become appropriate— to issue, on the application of the person who is in possession of the property at the time of the application under this section, a warrant in pursuance of which, or of the exercise of which, it would be lawful to seize the property; or to make an order under— paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the 1984 Act, paragraph 4 of Schedule 1 to the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989 1341 (N.I. 12)), section 20BA of the Taxes Management Act 1970 (c. 9), F123... paragraph 5 of Schedule 5 to the Terrorism Act 2000 (c. 11), [F124or paragraph 3 of Schedule 2 to the National Security Act 2023,] under which the property would fall to be delivered up or produced to the person mentioned in paragraph (a). Where any property which has been seized in exercise, or purported exercise, of a relevant power of seizure has parts (“part A” and “part B”) comprised in it such that— it would be inappropriate, if the property were returned, to take any action such as is mentioned in subsection (7) in relation to part A, it would (or would but for the facts mentioned in paragraph (a)) be appropriate, if the property were returned, to take such action in relation to part B, and in all the circumstances, it is not reasonably practicable to separate part A from part B without prejudicing the use of part B for purposes for which it is lawful to use property seized under the power in question, Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 51 Part 2