civil penalty notices for littering from vehicles 11P.1 If a penalty notice is not paid within 28 days (the fixed penalty payment period) the amount of the penalty doubles automatically, unless the recipient made representations against the penalty notice within that period. At this point, an enforcement notice may be issued to the recipient of the unpaid penalty notice notifying them of the increased penalty. 11P.2 If this increased amount remains unpaid after a further 14 days, the litter authority can recover it as a civil debt or seek an order from the county court for it to be recoverable as if payable under a county court order. Requests for these orders must be filed with the Traffic Enforcement Centre (TEC) at Northampton Crown Court. Existing TEC customers can do this using contravention 75 and their existing prefix Ð individual identifier. New TEC customers should contact TECInsight@hmcts.gsi.gov.uk for further assistance. The TEC will make the order by registering the request if the relevant requirements are satisfied. 11P.3 Once they have received the registered request the litter authority may draw up the order and serve it on the recipient of the unpaid penalty notice (the respondent). They must attach a witness statement1 for the respondent's use which sets out a limited number of grounds on which they can dispute the court order. The litter authority must serve the order (and the witness statement) on the respondent within 15 days of the date on which the request is registered by the TEC. 11P.4 The TECÕs procedure is set out in full in Part 75 of the Civil Procedure Rules and associated Practice Direction 75. A litter authority must follow these procedures when seeking to recover unpaid penalties through the TEC. 11Q.0 Reporting 11Q.1 Reporting is an important part of accountability. Enforcement authorities should report regularly and consistently to help the public understand and accept enforcement and council use of taxpayersÕ money. In addition it provides management information for internal performance evaluation and comparison with other councils. Monitoring also helps the authority to identify where it needs to improve. 11Q.2 The Government believes that in principle all data held and managed by local authorities should be made available to local people unless there are specific sensitivities to doing so (e.g. protecting vulnerable people or commercial and operational considerations). The Government also expects local authorities to be transparent about how they spend taxpayersÕ money and the services they deliver. It is a statutory requirement for local authorities covered by the Transparency Code to comply with Part 2 of the Local Government Transparency Code 2015 which sets out the minimum data that local authorities should be publishing. 1 Available at https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/traffic-enforcement-centre-forms 11Q.3 We consider that as good practice local authorities should publish the following information about their enforcement activity (for each of the environmental offences, including the new civil penalties for littering from vehicles): a. number of (a) fixed penalties notices and (b) civil penalty notices issued b. number of (a) fixed penalty notices and