devices in your premises, you should seek the advice of a competent person. Further guidance about automatic door hold open/release devices is given in BS EN 115570 or BS 5839-3.41 Door co-ordinators Where pairs of doors with rebated meeting stiles are installed it is critical that the correct closing order is maintained. Door coordinators to BS EN 115871 should be fitted and fully operational in all cases where the doors are self-closing. Installation and workmanship The reliability and performance of correctly specified fire-resisting doors can be undermined by inadequate installation. It is important that installers with the necessary level of skill and knowledge are used. Accreditation schemes for installers of fire-resisting doors are available. Fire-resisting doors and shutters will require routine maintenance, particularly to power operation and release and closing mechanisms. Further information is available on fire-resisting doors in BS 8214.42 If you are unsure about the quality, the effectiveness or the fitting of your fire-resisting doors consult a fire safety expert. For further guidance on the selection and maintenance of door furniture suitable for use on timber fire resisting and escape doors refer to The Building Hardware Industry Federation (BHIF) Code of Practice Ð Hardware for Timber Fire and Escape Doors.72 B3 Door-fastening devices The relationship between the securing of doors against unwanted entry and the ability to escape through them easily in an emergency has often proved problematical. Careful planning and the use of quality materials remain the most effective means of satisfying both of these objectives. Any device that impedes people making good their escape, either by being unnecessarily complicated to manipulate or not being readily openable, will not be acceptable. Guidance on fire exits starts from the position that doors on escape routes should not be fitted with any locking devices (electrically operated or otherwise). However, it is accepted that in many cases the need for security will require some form of device that prevents unlimited access, but still enables the occupants of a building or area to open the door easily if there is a fire. These devices can take many forms but, in the majority of cases, premises where there are members of the public present or others who are not familiar with the building should use panic exit bar devices (i.e. push bars or touch bars). See BS EN 112543 for further information. Premises that have limited numbers of staff or others who are familiar with the building and where panic is not likely may use alternative devices (i.e. push pads or lever handles). See BS EN 17944 for further information. In some larger premises, when only staff are on the premises and there is a security issue, it may be acceptable to restrict the number of emergency exits immediately available, e.g. when only security staff are present at night, or prior to opening the premises in the morning. Staff should be made fully aware of any restrictions and the number of exits not immediately available should be limited. Electrical locking devices Electrically