it in the second column, the earlier order or prohibition ceases to have effect (even though it was made or imposed by a court in England and Wales) unless the court orders otherwise. New order Earlier order or prohibition Sexual offences prevention order Ñ sexual harm prevention order not containing a prohibition on foreign travel; Ñ in the case of a sexual harm prevention order containing a prohibition on foreign travel, each of its other prohibitions. Foreign travel order Ñ prohibition on foreign travel contained in a sexual harm prevention order. Risk of sexual harm order Ñ sexual risk order not containing a prohibition on foreign travel; Ñ in the case of a sexual risk order containing a prohibition on foreign travel, each of its other prohibitions. (3) In this sectionÑ (a) ÒcourtÓ, in Scotland, includes sheriff; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 207 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) Òrisk of sexual harm orderÓ includes an order under section 2 of the Protection of Children and Prevention of Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2005. 136ZC Variation of sexual harm prevention order by court in Northern Ireland (1) This section applies where a sexual harm prevention order has been made in respect of a person who nowÑ (a) is residing in Northern Ireland, or (b) is in or is intending to come to Northern Ireland. (2) An application may be made to the appropriate court in Northern IrelandÑ (a) by the defendant, or (b) by the Chief Constable, for an order varying the sexual harm prevention order. (3) An application under subsection (2) may be madeÑ (a) where the appropriate court is the Crown Court, in accordance with rules of court; (b) in any other case, by complaint. (4) Subject to subsections (5) and (6), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and the other person mentioned in subsection (2) (if that person wishes to be heard), may make any order varying the sexual harm prevention order that the court considers appropriate. (5) An order may be varied so as to impose additional prohibitions on the defendant only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public in Northern Ireland, or any particular members of the public in Northern Ireland, from sexual harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside