of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (6) But subsection (4) does not requireÑ (a) the disclosure of patient information, (b) the disclosure of personal information by a specified authority which is a health or social care authority, (c) a disclosure of information that would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, the duty imposed by that subsection is to be taken into account), or (d) a disclosure of information that is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016. (7) Information supplied to a local policing body under this section may be used by the body only for the purpose of enabling or assisting it to exercise its functions under section 14. 18 Directions (1) Subsection (2) applies if the Secretary of State is satisfied thatÑ (a) a specified authority has failed to discharge a duty imposed on it by section 8, 14(6), 15(3) or 17(4), or (b) an educational authority, prison authority or youth custody authority has failed to discharge a duty imposed on it by section 15(3), (4) or (5)(b) or 17(4). (2) The Secretary of State may give directions to the authority for the purpose of securing compliance with the duty. (3) A direction under subsection (2) may be enforced, on an application made on behalf of the Secretary of State, by a mandatory order. (1) 24 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) The Secretary of State must obtain the consent of the Welsh Ministers before giving a direction under this section to a devolved Welsh authority within the meaning of the Government of Wales Act 2006 (see section 157A of that Act). (5) This section does not apply in relation toÑ (a) a provider of probation services if that provider is the Secretary of State, (b) the governor of a prison, young offender institution or secure training centre, or (c) the principal of a directly managed secure college as defined in paragraph 27 of Schedule 10 to the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015. 19 Guidance (1) A person listed in subsection (2) must have regard to guidance issued by the Secretary of StateÑ (a) in exercising any function conferred by or by virtue of this Chapter, or (b) in exercising any function