Against Violence and Abuse (AVA). Stella Project Toolkit: Domestic Abuse and Substance Use: 2007. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 4 – Impact of Domestic Abuse Impact on Victims Physical Domestic abuse can cause serious and devastating long and short term physical and mental, emotional, and psychological health impacts on adults and children. For victims who suffer physical health issues, injuries can include bruises and welts, lacerations and abrasions, abdominal or thoracic injuries; fractures and broken bones or teeth; sight and hearing damage and head injuries.63 Victims can be seriously physically injured as a result of domestic abuse and experience long-term injuries. Victims may suffer from functional disorders or stress-related conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome, gastrointestinal symptoms, fibromyalgia, chronic pain syndromes and exacerbation of asthma. Psychological harms can be associated with poorer physical health and this can include psychosomatic symptoms such as numbness and thrombosis, shaking and nervous twitching, cramps and paralysis.64 Psychological Not all domestic abuse begins with or results in physical abuse. Domestic abuse and associated trauma can have a significant impact on a victim’s emotional, psychological and mental wellbeing. This may involve feelings of isolation, worthlessness and dependency on the perpetrator. It can also include depression, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder65, and sleeping and eating disorders.66 63 World Health Organisation (WHO). Intimate Partner Violence: 2012; ONS. Partner abuse in detail – Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk); data year ending March 2018. 64 Stöckl, H., & Penhale, B. (2015). Intimate partner violence and its association with physical and mental health symptoms among older women in Germany. Journal of interpersonal violence, 30(17), 3089-3111. 65 Bacchus, L., Ranganathan, M., Watts, C., Devries, K. Recent intimate partner violence against women and health: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies. BMJ: 2018: 8. 66 Bundock, L., Howard, L. M., Trevillion, K., Malcolm, E., Feder, G., & Oram, S. Prevalence and risk of experiences of intimate partner violence among people with eating disorders: a systematic review. Journal of psychiatric research, 2013: 47(9), 1134–1142; McGarry, J., Simpson, C., Hinchliff-Smith, K. The impact of domestic abuse for older women: a review of the literature. Health & Social Care in the Community: 2010:19(1), pp.3-14; Wood, S., Sommers, M.. Consequences of Intimate Partner Violence on Child Witnesses: A Systematic Review of the Literature. Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychiatric Nursing: 2011 24(4), pp. 223-236. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance A victim’s day to day life can be affected by trying to manage the abuse, leading to increased anxiety and a focus on adapting their behaviour to appease the perpetrator. This can subsequently lead to a victim adopting the perspective of the perpetrator and starting to blame themselves for the abuse67 and may result in the victim questioning or doubting their own experiences and developing low self-esteem.68 See also the ‘Mental health’ section in ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’. Suicide The psychological impact of domestic abuse can be so severe that it leads to suicide ideation and attempt.