and effective plans on the use of volunteers, the decision-making process leading to their call-out and the method of call-out. Plans should determine who will organise, manage and brief volunteers. Debriefing should be included as part of plan maintenance procedures. Planners also need to establish that volunteers receive refreshment and are appropriately clothed, identified and equipped. 14.1. Training and exercising 14.24. When considering the particular contribution that the voluntary sector can make, it should be noted that established voluntary organisations and volunteer groups will usually have their own training arrangements. They should be able to demonstrate their effectiveness to the Category 1 responders. 14.25. Additionally, the Category 1 responders and voluntary agencies should aim for joint training and exercising (including involving the community/volunteers where possible). It is very important that voluntary organisations understand the management framework of the response and how they should be positioned and integrated into the response as a whole. There will be some overlap between the functions and capabilities of different voluntary organisations. Joint exercising will identify any problems, ensure plans and procedures are up to date and foster working relationships. 14.26. Effective communication, planning and training between responders and the voluntary sector should aim to identify opportunities for sharing heavy workloads and providing mutual support. General issues of training and exercising are further discussed in Chapters 5 and 6. The voluntary sector at national level 14.27. At the national level, the voluntary sector has developed a co-ordinated approach to planning its contribution to civil protection, and all responders should aim to fit into this framework. 14.1. 14.28. A Voluntary Sector Civil Protection Working Party and Forum have been convened by the Civil Contingencies Secretariat and the British Red Cross. The aim of the Working Party and Forum is to identify and maximise the voluntary sector contribution to UK civil protection arrangements. This includes informing and influencing policy, testing and challenging strategic and practical guidance and facilitating the exchange of information. There are currently 20 voluntary organisations with a national or UK-wide civil protection role that are members of the Forum. The Forum provides links between the voluntary sector, central government and statutory authorities. The Working Party supports the Forum. 14.29. There is a further national level standing committee, the National Voluntary Aid SocietiesÕ Emergency Committee (NVASEC). NVASEC may be used to co-ordinate the auxiliary role of the three Voluntary Aid Societies (VASs): the British Red Cross, St John Ambulance and St AndrewÕs First Aid, to support military medical services in times of conflict and war. 14.1. Annex 14A EXAMPLES OF VOLUNTARY SECTOR ACTIVITIES AND SERVICES IN SUPPORT OF RESPONDING ORGANISATIONS. The voluntary sector has the capacity and capability to undertake the following activities and services. The volunteers should receive appropriate training that is recognised by the responding organisation seeking their support for every stage of an emergency, from planning, through response and recovery, to resilience building. Welfare o Staffing rest centres, family and friends reception centres, survivor reception centres and humanitarian assistance centres o Feeding