specified police function is required to be exercised in relation to the specified police areas in accordance with police collaboration provision contained inÑ (a) a single collaboration agreement which relates to all of those police areas, or (b) a number of collaboration agreements which, between them, relate to all of those police areas. (3) Provision under subsection (2)(b) need not specify a particular number of collaboration agreements. (4) A statutory instrument containing an order under this section may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament. (5) If, but for this subsection, an instrument containing an order under this section would be treated for the purposes of the standing orders of either House of Parliament as a hybrid instrument, it is to proceed in that House as if it were not a hybrid instrument. (6) In this section ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in an order under this section.Ó. (4) Schedule 12 (collaboration agreements) has effect. 86 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 90 Police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements Schedule 13 (police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements) has effect. 91 Power to give directions (1) The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. (2) In section 40 (powers to give directions in relation to police force), for Òpolice authorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò local policing body Ó. (3) In section 40A (powers to give directions in relation to police authority)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ (in each place, including in the title) substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the local policing body Ó. (4) In section 40B (procedure for directions under section 40 or 40A)Ñ (a) for subsection (2)(a) substituteÑ Ò(a) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (aa) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (ab) the Common Council;Ó; (b) in subsection (5), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. 92 Provision of information by chief officers of police In the Police Act 1996, for section 44 (reports from chief constables) and section 45 (criminal statistics) substituteÑ Ò44 Provision of information by chief officers of police (1) The Secretary of State may require a chief officer of police of any police force to provide the Secretary of State with information on such matters as may be specified in the requirement, being matters connected withÑ (a) the policing of the police area for which that police force is maintained, or (b) the discharge of the national or international functions of that police force. (2)