OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. TRAINING REQUIREMENTS While there are no specific training requirements under this policy, it is referenced as part of the annual Integrity Health Check to be conducted by all supervisors with their staff. Therefore, all line managers should be familiar with the content of this policy and its relevance to the prevention of corruption and be prepared to provide members of their staff having issues such as this with support and signposting to enhanced support and advice. MONITORING AND REVIEW The Counter-Corruption Unit will maintain data in relation to members of Wiltshire Police and individualÕs subject of this policy. This will be treated confidentially and stored securely and will not be available on the Force wide system. This information, along with feedback on the content of the policy from policy users, will be used to monitor the efficiency and effectiveness of the policy. This Policy is owned by the Professional Standards Department. The Head of the Professional Standards Department will ensure that this policy is reviewed annually. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of Professional Standards is responsible for this policy. The DI CCU is responsible for all Unmanageable Debt reports into Professional Standards. Contact can be made with the department by the following means Ð Email: CCU@wiltshire.police.uk APPENDIX 1 Unmanageable Debt August 2021 * Unless there is a statutory requirement to disclose the information or if the risk of not disclosing the information (for example, from a Health and Wellbeing perspective or if there is a risk of non-compliance with Police Regulations / Standards of Professional Behaviour) outweighs the benefit of keeping the information confidential. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Professional Standards Department Policy Owner/Author: Supt Steve Cox / DS Troy SMITH Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Deputy Chief Constable Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 26.06.2018 2.0 Layout restructured and additional text added to provide more clarity in relation to individuals responsibilities, the importance of acknowledging a debt problem and the disclosure process. No substantive changes made. 15.03.2021 3.0 Restructured, greater clarity provided in line with 2020/2021 changes to both national policy, local policy and internal processes. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 22.03.2021 3.0 SCT/ACC/ACO* *(Delete as appropriate) N/A no substantial amendments made. JNCC (Not required for all policies) N/A no substantial amendments made. Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements See Training Requirements section above. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required.