such items, as set out in section 1 of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953 and sections 139 and 139A of the Criminal Justice Act 1988, are limited to possession within a public place or school. The purpose of the new offence is to address this disparity in the criminal law. 3. Assaults and violence are a longstanding problem within the prison environment. If left unchecked, such behaviour can quickly destabilise a prison and threaten prison safety. Whilst assaults without weapons are more common, assaults with weapons are not infrequent and can inflict life-changing injuries on both staff and other prisoners. Prisoners most frequently manufacture weapons to attack other prisoners and to defend themselves, and also on occasion use weapons stolen from workshops or smuggled into the prison. In 2013, there were 14,125 assaults within prisons and Young Offender Institutions in England and Wales and 2,278 (16%) involved use of a weapon with 828 (6%) involving use of a knife, blade or sharp/blunt instrument. 4. Weapon-enabled violence, including intimidation, is not acceptable in any environment and those who engage in this behaviour in prison should face a criminal charge, as appropriate. Control and order is a fundamental foundation of prison life; without it, staff, prisoner and visitor safety cannot be guaranteed and the rehabilitation of prisoners cannot take place. Current position 5. It is currently only a criminal offence under the Prison Act 1952 to convey explosives, firearms or ammunition and any other offensive weapon (amongst other items) into or out of prisons, or to pass them to prisoners, or leave them in a place where they could come into the possession of prisoners. The possession of a weapon is currently dealt with through the prison adjudication system or, for staff, as part of internal disciplinary procedures. 6. A prisoner who is found to be in possession of an unauthorised item in prison, including a knife, or bladed or pointed weapon or other offensive weapon, may be guilty of an offence against discipline within the prison 1. (Rule 51(12)(a) of the Prison Rules 1999). A governor who finds a prisoner guilty of an offence against discipline may impose a caution, forfeiture of privileges for a period not exceeding 42 days, exclusion from associated work for a period of not exceeding 84 days, cellular confinement for a period not exceeding 21 days, forfeiture of property or removal from a wing or living unit for 28 days (Rule 55(1) of the Prison Rules 1999). An adjudicator who finds a prisoner guilty of an offence against discipline may impose any of the punishments that a governor may impose or an award of added days not exceeding 42 days, compared to the four years maximum for the equivalent criminal offence in the community. Changes to the law 7. Section 78 of the Act creates a new offence1 where a person is in possession of a knife, or bladed or pointed weapon or other offensive weapon2 in prison without authorisation. The offence carries a four