carried out expeditiously, with the certificate holder informed of the progress. Should the enquiry have the result that there is no danger to the public safety, the firearms, ammunition and certificates should be returned as soon as practicable. Care should be taken in the transport and storage of guns concerned, which may have considerable monetary value in some cases. 10.40 When chief officers of police revoke certificates they must serve on the holder a written notice requiring them either to: a) surrender their certificate within 21 days of the date of the notice (or the date of the abandonment or dismissal of the appeal against revocation); or where the chief officer considers that the circumstances of the case justify it b) surrender forthwith their certificate and any firearms and ammunition in their possession by virtue of the certificate as set out in section 12 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. 10.41 Sections 42A, 42B and 56 of the 1968 Act reflect that any notice to be given under that Act to a person may be given by signed for and special delivery post or by electronic means such as email or fax. A certificate holder who fails to comply with such a notice is liable to a penalty. Where email is used as a means of notification, it is good practice to request acknowledgement of receipt in order to confirm safe receipt. Personal service of the notice to revoke, whenever practicable, gives the person an opportunity to discuss the matter and might help to reduce the number of appeals to the Crown Court. 10.42 When a certificate has been cancelled by a court order under section 52 of the 1968 Act, or revoked by the chief officer of police after the holder has failed to comply with a notice under section 29(1) of the 1968 Act (requiring them to deliver up the certificate for variation), the chief officer must send the holder a notice in writing (see above). Under section 12(1) of the 1988 Act, a chief officer may only send a notice which requires the recipient to comply with it immediately after the firearm certificate has been revoked on the grounds specified in section 30A(2)-(4) of the 1968 Act (as amended). Revocation on these grounds does not preclude the use of option (a), and it should only be necessary to use option (b) when a delay in the certificate holder relinquishing their certificate and firearms would pose a direct danger to themselves, public safety or to the peace. Section 12(1) should not be used where firearms and certificates are already in police possession. 10.43 Under section 30B of the 1968 Act, chief officers of police may partially revoke certificates, that is to say revoke those parts of certificates that relate to the possession or acquisition of particular firearms or ammunition, if they are satisfied that the holder no longer has a Ògood reasonÓ for having in his possession, or for purchasing or acquiring, the firearms or ammunition concerned to