PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Professional Standards Table of Contents GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATIONS 2018 Any information relating to identifiable individuals recorded as a consequence of this procedure is to be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018, Data Protection Act 2018 and/or the Police Reform Act 2002. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW This procedure will be reviewed every three years in the light of any national policy or procedural change or due to changes to law or Organisation strategy or at such other times as may become necessary. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE The Head of Human Resources, Operations is responsible for this procedure. All queries relating to this procedure should be directed to the HR Advisory team or the People Services Centre. Table of Contents 1. PURPOSE, PRINCIPLES & SCOPE OF THE DISCIPLINE PROCEDURE 1.1 Purpose & Scope Standards of conduct and performance are required in any organisation to ensure order, the effective operation of the business and a safe and healthy working environment. In the Police Service expectations of conduct and performance standards are high, and reasonably so as a consequence of the type of work we do, the access we have to privileged and often sensitive information, and the issues that we can be required to deal with, within our day to day business. Public confidence in all members of the Police Service is vital. Conduct that may damage this is a risk to the organisation. This discipline procedure is the means by which the standards of reasonable behaviour for police staff within the Organisation are communicated and maintained. The National Police Code of Ethics has been adopted by the Organisation to establish clear standards and expectations (see Appendix 2). Action under this procedure should not be seen solely as a means of applying sanctions but also as a means of encouraging learning and improvement in unacceptable behaviour and conduct. 1.2 Legislative Compliance This document has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act. Proportionality has been identified as the key to Human Rights compliance, this means striking a fair balance between the rights of the individual and those of the rest of the community. There must be a reasonable relationship between the aim to be achieved and the means used. Equality and Diversity issues have also been considered to ensure compliance with the Equality Act 2010 and meet the OrganisationÕs legal obligation in relation to the equality duty. In addition, Data Protection, Freedom of Information and Health and Safety Issues have been considered. Adherence to this procedure will therefore ensure compliance with all relevant legislation and internal policies. This procedure is published on the Human Resources Intranet site (on firstpoint) and it is the responsibility of all police staff and line managers to make themselves aware of its content and to ensure it is applied consistently. Where a matter arises that may require consideration under this