accordance with subsection (3). (5) Before calling upon the Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, to retire or resign, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime mustÑ (a) give the police officer a written explanation of the reasons why the Office is proposing to call for the retirement or resignation; (b) give the police officer the opportunity to make written representations about the proposal to call for the police officer's resignation or retirement; and (c) consider any written representations made by the police officer. (6) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must comply with subsection (5) before seeking the approval of the Secretary of State to call upon the Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, to retire or resign. (7) This section is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 45 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (8) This section is without prejudice toÑ (a) section 42(2); (b) section 43(3); or (c) regulations under the Police Pensions Act 1976. 49 Suspension and removal of other senior metropolitan police officers (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may suspend a senior metropolitan police officer from duty. (2) If the Commissioner suspends a senior metropolitan police officer from duty, the Commissioner must notify the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime of the suspension. (3) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may, subject to subsection (5), and after consulting the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, call upon a senior metropolitan police officer to resign or retire. (4) A senior metropolitan police officer must resign or retire if called upon to do so in accordance with subsection (3). (5) Before calling upon a senior metropolitan police officer to retire or resign, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis mustÑ (a) give the police officer a written explanation of the reasons why the Commissioner is proposing to call for the retirement or resignation; (b) give the police officer the opportunity to make written representations about the proposal to call for the police officer's resignation or retirement; and (c) consider any written representations made by the police officer. (6) This section is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (7) This section is without prejudice to regulations under the Police Pensions Act 1976. (8) In this section Òsenior metropolitan police officerÓ means any of the followingÑ (a) an Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis; (b) a Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis; (c) a Commander. 46 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This