or prevent the supply of relevant material to the investigator. Investigating officers should set objectives to ensure that the members of the enquiry team, and any other police staff who could have initial contact with witnesses, understand the action expected of them when they encounter a potential witness. Rewards If a reward for information has been made public, it should not be highlighted to any potential witness who comes forward. There is a risk that this could be considered an inducement to provide information. Where a witness asks an unsolicited question about a reward, a record should be made of it and the possibility of a subsequent challenge to the integrity of the witness taken into account as part of the overall investigative strategy. Witness as a scene In cases of physical or sexual assault, the investigator has an early opportunity to obtain forensic material from the victim or their clothing, and potentially other witnesses. This material may include body fluids or other cellular or fibre transfers. Early evidence kits ensure opportunities to capture forensic evidence are maximised in investigations into sexual offences. In such cases, the investigator must balance the victimÕs medical and welfare needs with the recovery of uncontaminated material for the investigation. The victim may not recognise or understand the significance of the requests for this material. Support for investigators Assistance from specially trained officers (STOs) and using specialist centres, where available, enable the investigator to recover material, while ensuring that victims receive appropriate support and counselling. If a specialist officer is deployed to assist an investigator, an accurate record must be maintained on the crime report, policy log or file outlining the specific role of the specialist officer. The investigator and the specialist officer need to maintain close contact. This can be achieved by regular meetings to brief and debrief each other. Initial accounts An initial account from a witness can provide material which is likely to progress the investigation and provide: the early identification or arrest of a suspect the recovery of material connected with the offence prevention of the imminent disposal or destruction of material connected with the investigation prevention of the commission of other offences. An initial account can also help with the development of an overall witness interview strategy in terms of categorising witnesses as vulnerable, intimidated or significant, and prioritising formal interviews. Approach By adopting a calm, reassuring interview style, investigators can establish the main points of what witnesses know about the incident. The witness may require medical attention or the presence of a suitable adult and the investigator needs to address this. Common sense has to be applied and the initial account should be limited to obtaining sufficient information to progress the enquiry. The circumstances surrounding the initial account should be recorded, and if the witness is receiving non urgent attention, permission should be obtained from medical staff. Suitable care and support can then be provided prior to an in-depth interview. For further information see also: Obtaining initial accounts Ministry