the Occupational Health Unit, at the time at which any self-declaration of a substance misuse problem is made. The need to make a declaration to CPS will not arise in every case; each should be considered on its own facts and merits. Any declaration to CPS should be properly managed, with appropriate support provided to the individual. Advice can be provided by contacting ProfStand@wiltshire.police.uk or CCU@wiltshire.police.uk 7.5 The Human Resources Department The Human Resources Department will support individuals in the practical application of this procedure by offering advice to managers who are dealing with work related performance problems, by advising on reasonable targets and timescales and by advising on other available processes e.g. referrals to the OHU, disciplinary/misconduct procedures etc. If approached by an individual declaring that they have, or may have, a substance or alcohol misuse problem, members of the HR Department are to offer the individual advice, support and guidance in a sympathetic and confidential manner. It may, however, be appropriate to disclose information as outlined in the confidentiality statement in this policy. They should also encourage the individual to seek specialist help, through the OHU, their General Practitioner or direct from a specialist agency. 7.6 Trade Unions and Staff Associations Trade Union/Staff Association representatives have agreed to encourage individuals to seek assistance in accordance with the provisions of this procedure. It may be appropriate to disclose information as outlined in the confidentiality statement in this policy or to consider and under referrals to the Occupational Health Unit. Should an individual request it, a representative may attend any discussions with a manager. 8. Substance Misuse Testing Ð Scope The testing regime will be conducted to a scale that is proportional to any identified issues surrounding drug misuse. Testing may be carried out in the following circumstances: • Testing of Police Officers during their probationary period, • Testing with cause (that is, where there is a reasonable suspicion of substance misuse) • As part of a random routine testing regime • Random screening of officers in posts identified by the Chief Officer as being Vulnerable, (safety critical) (vulnerable and security sensitive) The intention of a testing regime is preventive. The testing regime is designed to: • Minimise the chances of substance misusers entering the police service in the first place. • Deter officers from substance misuse through the application of a policy that makes detection a real possibility. • Encourage those with a substance misuse problem to identify them, so that they may be supported in seeking treatment. • Screen officers in vulnerable areas, so as to minimise any risk of operations being prejudiced by impaired judgement. • Protect officers in vulnerable areas in which they may be subject to malicious allegations of substance misuse. There is a power to test all Wiltshire Police staff if it is suspected that a police staff member is misusing controlled drugs. For ÒcauseÓ to be established, the test of Òreasonable suspicionÓ must be satisfied. It will be made clear to the staff