or the Director General of the National Crime Agency (Òthe Director GeneralÓ) may by complaint to a magistrates' court apply for a sexual harm prevention order in respect of a person if it appears to the chief officer or the Director General thatÑ (a) the person is a qualifying offender, and (b) the person has since the appropriate date acted in such a way as to give reasonable cause to believe that it is necessary for such an order to be made. (5) A chief officer of police may make an application under subsection (4) only in respect of a personÑ (a) who resides in the chief officer's police area, or (b) who the chief officer believes is in that area or is intending to come to it. (6) An application under subsection (4) may be made to any magistrates' court acting for a local justice area that includesÑ (a) any part of a relevant police area, or (b) any place where it is alleged that the person acted in a way mentioned in subsection (4)(b). (7) The Director General must as soon as practicable notify the chief officer of police for a relevant police area of any application that the Director has made under subsection (4). (2) 190 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (8) Where the defendant is a child, a reference in this section to a magistrates' court is to be taken as referring to a youth court (subject to any rules of court made under section 103K(1)). (9) In this section Òrelevant police areaÓ meansÑ (a) where the applicant is a chief officer of police, the officer's police area; (b) where the applicant is the Director GeneralÑ (i) the police area where the person in question resides, or (ii) a police area which the Director General believes the person is in or is intending to come to. 103B Section 103A: supplemental (1) In section 103AÑ Òappropriate dateÓ, in relation to a qualifying offender, means the date or (as the case may be) the first date on which the offender was convicted, found or cautioned as mentioned in subsection (2) or (3) below; ÒchildÓ means a person under 18; Òthe publicÓ means the public in the United Kingdom; Òsexual harmÓ from a person means physical or psychological harm causedÑ (a) by the person committing one or more offences listed in Schedule 3, or (b) (in the context of harm outside the