social justice issue; it is also an economic issue. Taxpayers spend $120.59 per day per inmate, amounting to over $60 billion total on prisons.8,16 • Prisoners who engage in rehabilitation programs are 43% less likely to re-offend after release.15 These programs directly reduce criminogenic behaviors and causes by providing social safety nets, ultimately fostering safer communities and breaking cycles of crime that burden individuals, families, and society as a whole. • Rehabilitation programs are also better economically: they cost around $1,400 per inmate to implement these programs, which is considerably cheaper than the annual cost of incarcerating one inmate.11 Implementation: The implementation of such criminal justice reform would require cooperation from all government levels. Currently, 91% of the nationÕs incarcerated population is in local and state prison systems.17 This points to the bulk of programs that need to be concentrated at the local and state level to target the largest incarcerated population. State legislatures can pass criminal reform legislation that focuses on rehabilitation rather than punishment within the state prison system, which states can determine individually either through reallocating budgets or raising taxes. States can also apply for federal funding programs that incentivize criminal justice reform. Federal legislation, such as grant programs through the Department of Justice, can provide financial resources to states implementing evidence-based rehabilitation programs. Federal incentives could also reward states for reducing recidivism rates and prison populations. Pilot programs and phased implementation of programs would also need to be implemented to identify key metrics, such as long-term effects on employment for incarcerated individuals, and issues to ensure efficiency and scalability. Local and state justice departments would run these programs. Policymakers should also leverage the various non-profits and social justice institutions that can be included in implementing rehabilitation programs. Community outreach groups can reduce criminogenic activity by providing social safety nets for adults and children.18 Additionally, higher education institutions such as community colleges and universities can be utilized to provide support through programs. Cornell UniversityÕs Cornell Prison Education Program (CPEP) is one example of how academic institutions can provide for their community.19 Meta-analysis of inmates who participated in CPEP found that individuals who participated in two or fewer courses have a seven percent recidivism rate, while individuals who complete an associateÕs degree have a zero percent recidivism rate.20 To gain support from conservative legislatures, reform advocates can frame rehabilitation programs as fiscally responsible measures that reduce the economic burden of incarceration. Highlighting the long-term cost savings associated with lower recidivism rates. Programs can also utilize volunteers and community spaces to offset costs. Ideological opposition may arise from those who view rehabilitation as lenient, but this concern can be addressed by phasing in programs gradually and initially targeting non-violent offenders. Works Cited [1] ÒRecidivism of Federal Offenders Released in 2010.Ó 2022. United States Sentencing Commission. May 9, 2022. https://www.ussc.gov/research/rese arch-reports/recidivism-federal- offenders-released-2010. [2] Robinson, Gerard. 2021. ÒPrison Education Can Help Rebuild the Economy.Ó American Enterprise Institute. July 21, 2021. Accessed November 6, 2024. https://www.aei.org/society-and- culture/prison-education-can-help- rebuild-the-economy/. [3] ÒA Second Chance: