local policing body for a police area, or (d) the police and crime panel for a police area, means the police force for that area. (2) References in this Part to a police and crime commissioner's area are references to the police area for which the commissioner is established. (3) References in this Part to a police and crime commissioner's staff are references to the following persons appointed under Schedule 1Ñ (a) the commissioner's chief executive; (b) the commissioner's chief finance officer; and (c) other staff; and to the person (if any) appointed as the deputy police and crime commissioner under section 18. (4) References in this Part to a police force's civilian staff are (except in the case of the metropolitan police force) references toÑ (a) the chief finance officer appointed by the chief constable of the force under paragraph 4 of Schedule 2, and (b) the other staff appointed by that chief constable under that Schedule. (5) References in this Part to the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime are references toÑ (a) the Office's chief finance officer appointed under section 127(2) of the Greater London Authority Act 1999; (b) the Office's chief executive appointed under Schedule 3; (c) other staff appointed under Schedule 3; and (d) the person (if any) appointed under section 19 as the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime (subject to paragraph 4(4) of Schedule 3 (Deputy Mayor an Assembly member)). (6) References in this Part to the metropolitan police force's civilian staff are references toÑ (a) the chief finance officer appointed by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis under paragraph 1 of Schedule 4, and (b) the other staff appointed by the Commissioner under that Schedule. 94 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) PART 2 LICENSING CHAPTER 1 AMENDMENTS OF THE LICENSING ACT 2003 Responsible authorities 103 Licensing authorities as responsible authorities (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as set out in subsections (2) and (3). (2) In section 13(4) (responsible authorities)Ñ (a) before paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(za) the relevant licensing authority and any other licensing authority in whose area part of the premises is situated,Ó, and (b) omit paragraph (g). (3) In section 69(4) (responsible authorities)Ñ (a) before paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(za) the relevant licensing authority and any other licensing authority in whose area part of the premises is situated,Ó, and (b) omit paragraph (g). (4) The amendments made by this section apply in relation toÑ (a) applications relating to premises licences or club premises certificates that are made on or after the commencement of this section, and (b) notices under section 165(4) of the Licensing Act 2003 (closure orders) that are