this federal policy, some states have implemented unique paid family leave policies. Thirteen states and Washington, D.C. have enacted mandatory paid family leave, and nine states have voluntary policies using private health insurance.3 In most states with mandatory leave laws, the policies are funded through social insurance payroll taxes levied on employees and employers.3 Furthermore, employees can buy paid family insurance in some states with voluntary policies.3 New York is an exception, where employees must purchase paid leave plans through private insurers.3 Parental leave laws across the U.S. are inconsistent, leaving many families without sufficient support. Policy Idea The U.S. should adopt a federal paid family leave policy with FMLAÕs eligibility standards. The funding model would align with President BidenÕs past proposals that use Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) as the administration tool, with the benefits funded through a payroll tax. The tax required would be a minimal 0.62% payroll tax split between employers and employees, according to Social Security actuaries.4 To ensure equitable access, benefits would be progressive, with low-income workers who earn minimum wage, receiving close to full wage replacement while on leave. Policy Analysis Paid family leave policies have positive economic, health, and equity implications. Economically, such policies stabilize incomes, reducing the need for employees to choose between job security and family needs.5 Paid leave improves employee retention, cutting turnover costs (estimated at 21% of an employeeÕs annual salary).5 90% of companies with paid leave report neutral to positive effects on productivity and morale.1 In the UK, companies with paid leave were 60% more likely to report better financial performance.1 Paid leave enhances womenÕs labor force participation, enabling them to remain in roles where they have built valuable skills, boosting productivity.5 It also correlates with improved maternal and child health. In low to middle- income countries, each month of paid maternity leave decreases infant mortality by approximately 13%.1 In Norway, children of parents with extended leave exhibit better cognitive development, and are likelier to attain university degrees and earn higher wages.1 The current FMLA disproportionately benefits wealthier workers because it guarantees only unpaid leave. Half of eligible workers cannot afford unpaid family leave, and two-thirds of those who take it, report subsequent financial strain.6 Paid leave improves access across socioeconomic groups. For example, CaliforniaÕs paid leave law has particularly benefited minority women, less-educated workers, and single mothers.5 Maternity leave usage doubled, and mothers with young children increased their work hours by 6Ð 9%, with corresponding wage gains.7 The equity implications are significant as paid family leave prevents bankruptcies for 25% of dual-income and 13% of single- parent families (predominantly single mothers) missing two or more weeks of work due to illness.5 It also reduces reliance on public assistance, as women returning from paid leave are 40% less likely to need welfare within a year of giving birth.5 Paid leave would provide underserved populations with essential support for their health and financial stability. Highlights • The U.S. is the only high- income country without a mandatory paid parental