of the 1968 Act. 2.10 For the purposes only of sections 3(1) and 45(2) of the 1968 Act, and in the definition of Ôfirearms dealerÕ in section 57(4), the term Ôshot gunÕ also includes any component part of a shot gun and any accessory to a shot gun designed or adapted to diminish the noise or flash caused by firing the gun. For the purposes of all other sections/Acts, the component parts of shot guns are not subject to control under the Firearms Acts. See section 57(4) of the 1968 Act. Definition of ÔammunitionÕ 2.11 ÔAmmunitionÕ means ammunition for any firearm and includes grenades, bombs and other like missiles, whether capable of use with a firearm or not; and also includes prohibited ammunition. It should be noted that the definition of ammunition does not include ingredients and components of ammunition; it is only assembled ammunition that is controlled under the Act, not component parts. Empty cartridge cases, for example, are not ÔammunitionÕ. There are two exceptions to this. The first is missiles for ammunition prohibited under section 5 of the 1968 Act, for example, expanding ammunition which can only be used in a pistol, or armour- piercing bullets. Such missiles are themselves defined as ÔammunitionÕ and are subject to control accordingly (see Chapter 3). The second is primers - section 35 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 introduced controls on the purchase and sale of a cap type primer designed for use in metallic ammunition (see Chapter 5). Proof House certification of adapted shot guns 2.12 Section 1(3A) of the 1968 Act as amended by section 2(3) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 requires that any smooth-bore gun adapted to have a non- detachable magazine incapable of holding more than two cartridges must bear a Proof House mark and have been certified to that effect. This requirement applies not only to those smooth-bore guns already in circulation which have been adapted, but also to those smooth-bore guns which are adapted by the maker subsequent to manufacture but prior to distribution or sale. In both cases such guns are regarded as having been ÔadaptedÕ within the meaning of section 1(3A) of the 1968 Act, which was inserted by 2(3) of the 1988 Act. 8 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 2.13 The marking and certification requirement does not, however, apply in the case of smoothbore guns, which are manufactured with a non-detachable magazine incapable of holding more than two cartridges. Such guns are not regarded as having been ÔadaptedÕ within the meaning of section 2(3) since the capacity of the magazine will be secured during the process of manufacture. Although the guns need not comply with the Secretary of StateÕs specifications, the magazine must meet the requirement in section 1(3)(a)(ii) of the 1968 Act; that is, the magazine must be incapable of holding more than two cartridges. 2.14 When assessing the magazine capacity of a firearm, consideration should be given to the number of cartridges that the firearm was designed or