the Note - 2.3 does not apply to 1.1 firearm, apply operations 2.1-2.3 as applicable. In addition, the barrels must be exchange barrels. Exchange barrels for revolvers may only permanently prevented from being a?xed to a be submitted as part of a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using factory set and not as individual appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 2.5 Cylinder: Remove all internal walls from cylinder for a minimum of 2/3 of its length by machining. Remove as much of the internal walls from the cylinder as possible, ideally to the case diameter without breaching the external wall. 2.6 Cylinder: Where possible, weld to prevent the removal of the cylinder from the frame, or take appropriate measures such as pinning, that render the removal impossible. 2.7 Cylinder: For spare cylinders not a?xed to a firearm, apply operation 2.5. In addition, the cylinder must be permanently prevented from being a?xed to a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 2.8 Frame/Receiver: Extend firing pin hole to three times of its original size. 2.9 Frame/Receiver: Remove or shorten firing pin. barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels submitted will be recorded on the deactivation certificate of the firearm they are submitted with. 2.10 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the As long as the physical link to 1.1 physical operating link between the trigger blade and the hammer, striker or sear. Fuse the trigger mechanism together with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not the firing mechanism is destroyed, it is acceptable for the trigger blade and any external hammer be left free to move. However, they must be possible, remove the trigger mechanism and independent of each other and fill the area with weld or epoxy resin. 2.11 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). 2.12 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 2.13 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove all the inner parts where possible and their attachment points of the moderator so that only a tube remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. not linked in any way. Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not apply to moderators where ba?es are welded in place at manufacture. Single shot long firearms 3 Single-shot long