categories of personal data concerned; o the recipients or categories of recipient the personal data has been disclosed to; o the retention period for storing the personal data or, where this is not possible, your criteria for determining how long it will be stored; o the existence of the data subjectÕs right to request rectification, erasure or restriction or to object to such processing; o the right of the data subject to lodge a complaint with the ICO or another supervisory authority; o information about the source of the data, where it was not obtained directly from the individual; o the existence of automated decision-making (including profiling); and o the safeguards provided if the personal data has been transferred to a third country or international organisation. The following supplementary information is contained in Enclosure 2 ÔData Subjects Information NoticeÕ, which should be sent with all RoAR disclosures 1.2 Rights of the Data Controller The Chief Constable (as Data Controller) may refuse or restrict access to information to: • avoid obstructing an official or legal inquiry, investigation or procedure; • avoid prejudicing the prevention, detection, investigation or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;(c) protect public security; • protect national security; • protect the rights and freedoms of others. The Chief Constable has the right to ask that the Data Subject to provide documentation to verify their identity. If the request is deemed Ômanifestly excessive or unfoundedÕ, the Chief Constable has the right to: • charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information; or • refuse to respond (Where a request is refused on the grounds of being manifestly excessive or unfounded the Data Subject will be advised of this). • 2 PROCEDURE 2.1 Receiving a Right of Access Request Any request from a member of the public which appears to be asking for information/records held by Wiltshire Police should be forwarded to the Force Disclosure Unit (FDU) via the Force Disclosure Unit inbox (if received via email/Social Media), through the internal mail (if received in the post) or to Ext 62005 (if received via telephone). If forwarding a hard copy paper request then the letter should be date stamped with the date the correspondence was received in Force prior to transfer. This will allow the FDU to accurately calculate the deadline for response to such requests which is 1 month (28 calendar days) from the date of receipt. If a request is received by an individual in person either at a Custody Suite or at an Enquiry office, staff can suggest that they complete a Form 135 - Right of Access Request, alternatively staff can follow the Verbal Right of Access Request process. Completed forms should be date stamped and forwarded to the FDU via internal mail as soon as possible. Although an individual does not have to make a written request under DPA 2018, Wiltshire Police are not obliged to supply any information to an individual until we: a. Have