relevant questions of the witnesses and to receive disclosure of documents and other evidence. Bereaved family members of a victim of crime who are involved in an inquest should instead consult the guidance on coronersÕ investigations for bereaved people which is available at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/guide-to-coroner-services-and- coroner-investigations-a-short-guide 13 www.nhs.uk/live-well/sexual-health/help-after-rape-and-sexual-assault/ 1 Who is responsible for meeting the Rights under this Code? The following organisations are required to deliver the Rights under this Code: ? Police and Crime Commissioners ? All police forces in England and Wales, the British Transport Police and the Ministry of Defence Police ? Police Witness Care Units14 ? The Crown Prosecution Service ? Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service ? Her MajestyÕs Prison and Probation Service ? The National Probation Service ? The Parole Board for England and Wales ? The Criminal Cases Review Commission ? The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority ? The UK Supreme Court ? Youth Offending Teams ? Under this Code some victims will receive their Rights through a combination of the service providers listed above and other service providers, including: ? The Competition and Markets Authority ? Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (Criminal Enforcement) ? The Environment Agency ? The Financial Conduct Authority ? The Gambling Commission ? The Health and Safety Executive ? Her MajestyÕs Revenue and Customs ? Home Office (Immigration Enforcement) ? The Information CommissionerÕs Office ? Independent Office for Police Conduct ? The National Crime Agency ? The National Health Service ? Natural Resources Wales ? The Office of Rail and Road ? The Serious Fraud Office ? Other service providers can also have a role in relation to the investigation and/or prosecution of crimes.15 However, unlike the police and the Crown Prosecution Service, who have a broad remit to investigate and prosecute crimes, these service providers are limited to investigating and prosecuting specific types of offences committed in certain circumstances. This will determine the way in which, and frequency with which, they come into contact with victims. The Rights in this Code only apply where other service providers (such as those listed above) accept formal responsibility for conducting a criminal investigation or making a decision to prosecute. However, not all functions undertaken by other service providers are identical to those carried out by the police and the Crown Prosecution Service. Where functions are equivalent to a service provider under this Code (for example the other service provider is investigating or prosecuting an alleged offence), they must deliver the same Rights without unjustified delay, regardless of whether the other service provider is listed above. 14 Witness Care Unit is the generic name to describe a police led function which provides information and support to victims and witnesses in cases progressing through the criminal justice system. This unit may be known by another name in your local area. The police will tell you the name of the unit who deliver the Rights assigned to the Witness Care Unit in this Code. 15 This only applies to the extent that the