Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) statutory framework. Early years providers must have regard to ‘Working Together to Safeguard Children’ which requires them to ensure that they are alert to any issues of concern in the child’s life and that they have, and implement, a policy and set of procedures to safeguard children. This must include an explanation of the action to be taken when there are safeguarding concerns about a child and in the event of an allegation being made against a member of staff. The policy must also cover the use of mobile phones and cameras in the setting, that staff complete safeguarding training that enables them to understand their safeguarding policy and procedures, have up-to-date knowledge of safeguarding issues, and recognise signs of potential abuse and neglect. Early years providers must ensure that they have a practitioner who is designated to take lead responsibility for safeguarding children within each early years setting and 148 Taggart, D. Trauma Informed Care for Young People, Research in Practice: Darlington: 2018. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance who must liaise with local statutory children’s services as appropriate. This lead must also complete child protection training. Schools and colleges School and college staff are particularly important as they are in a unique position to identify concerns early, provide help for children and prevent concerns from escalating. School settings can also increase opportunities for sexual abuse and other harmful relationships and behaviours to develop between peers.149 Schools and colleges must have regard to Keeping Children Safe in Education (KCSIE) statutory guidance.150 This guidance provides that if a child has been harmed or is at risk of harm, a referral should be made to children’s social care immediately, and, if appropriate, to the police. The guidance includes an annex providing additional information for staff on specific types of harm and abuse, including identifying and responding to domestic abuse. KCSIE is clear that schools and colleges should ensure that all staff receive regularly updated safeguarding training so they can take appropriate steps to identify, protect and support children. Training could include an exploration of domestic abuse, including the dynamics of inequality, power, and control, which underpin domestic abuse; the different forms domestic abuse may take and the impact of domestic abuse on children and young people. This could cover both domestic abuse within family settings as well as abuse perpetrated between children and young people either in their own intimate relationships or towards their family. Every school and college should have a designated safeguarding lead who provides support to staff members to carry out their safeguarding duties and who will liaise closely with other services, such as children’s social care and the police. The lead should be a senior member of staff, full details of the role is set out in Keeping Children Safe in Education. When considering the needs of children affected by domestic abuse, schools and colleges may also want to consider their duties in regard to children with special educational needs, including those with