and instead relies on academic support as a supplementary fix.5 Policy Idea The Department of Education (ED) should revamp federal TRIO programs in higher education to address challenges associated with the hidden curriculum. This revamped approach would introduce targeted initiatives focused on key aspects of hidden curricula, such as financial literacy, networking, career readiness, and academic navigation. These programs will enable students to learn practical strategies for interacting with professors, understanding syllabi, attending office hours, navigating campus resources, and more. Additionally, the revamped programs should incorporate specialized training for mentors to equip them with the tools needed to guide students effectively through the hidden expectations of higher education. The curriculum should be updated yearly to remain relevant and tailored to the norms of specific institutions, ensuring program effectiveness. The ED should also conduct annual reviews of the program content in collaboration with mentors and student representatives to take into account feedback from students about challenges and shifts in hidden curriculum. Policy Analysis Implementing a policy that addresses the knowledge gap between students of different socioeconomic backgrounds is essential to leveling the playing field in higher education.6 Without modifying federal mentorship programs to address hidden curricula, higher education opportunities for all Americans will continue to be limited by their financial constraints. The structure of federal TRIO programs makes them ideal for implementing modules that address hidden curricula, as they effectively reach students who would benefit from them the most. Congress mandates that two-thirds of TRIO participants come from families with incomes at or below 150% of the federal poverty level and where neither parent has graduated from college. As a result, TRIO programs currently serve more than 880,000 first-generation and low-income students. Additionally, with $48.8 million in annual funding, including 114 program grants and sponsorships from 50 historically Black colleges and universities coupled with funds from ED’s Higher Education Act, these programs have a proven track record of having the financial means to support underrepresented student populations and dismantle these hidden education barriers.7 In addition, research has shown that a simple, cost-effective intervention, such as a workshop, can effectively assess and address hidden curricula. The standardized workshop used in the study significantly improved students' understanding of hidden curricula and successfully improved their academic performance.8 Making hidden curricula explicit also helps build cultural capital, which is proven to boost academic success in higher education.9 Given these successful results, implementing similar workshops administered by existing federal mentorship programs should expect to yield similar results. By focusing on hidden curricula, TRIO can enhance its existing initiatives, ensuring that students not only gain access to educational opportunities but also develop the skills and knowledge needed to navigate the complexities and expectations of higher education. Highlights Students from minority and low-income backgrounds face unequal learning opportunities and limited exposure to “hidden curricula” compared to their more affluent peers, perpetuating inequality in higher education. Federal government mentorship programs such as TRIO, which are designed to help students overcome economic, social, academic, and cultural barriers in education do