you must stop using your PC or laptop immediately and contact the ICT Helpdesk; • If you receive a suspicious e-mail, you should not open it or the attachment or any hypertext link, as this may well activate a virus or other form of malicious code. Wiltshire Police and OPCC use an enhanced filtering system which will identify and tag Ôsuspect spamÕ emails with either SPAM or CAUTION. If you receive an email tagged with ÔCAUTIONÕ it may well be a valid email. If you feel that it is not or the email is tagged with ÔSPAMÕ forward it to spam@wiltshire.police.uk for evaluation / confirmation. There may also be ÔhoaxÕ virus messages in circulation which are not actually viruses at all, but plain e-mail messages asking you to take some sort of action, such as deleting files on your computer and forwarding the message. These messages themselves are not infected with a virus, and are spread by playing on peopleÕs fears, and fooling them into following the instructions. If you receive a message warning you of a virus, you must immediately contact the ICT Service Desk. 19. SECURITY EDUCATION AWARENESS & TRAINING All personnel will receive appropriate instruction with regard to information security. At present this is covered by a mandatory NCALT MLE IM - IS training course. 20. SECURITY OPERATING PROCEDURES (SYOPS) SyOPs, designed to assist in the efficient operation of Information Security detail the security standard against which all Information Security will be operated, define roles and responsibilities and notify users what they can and cannot do. All Users of Information Systems are required to comply with SyOPs at all times. 21. INCIDENT REPORTING If you believe that you have accessed any record incorrectly it is your responsibility to report this to your supervisor and to make a note of the access and time it was reported. At this point, any further access of the relevant record(s) must cease. Supervisors must then determine whether the access was necessary for Law Enforcement Purposes. If you, as a supervisor, receive a report that any record has been accessed incorrectly (i.e. not for Law Enforcement Purposes) it is your responsibility to assess whether you believe the record was accessed incorrectly and if so, to report this to PSD or CCU. If you believe that a colleague has accessed any record without a legitimate purpose it is your responsibility to report this to either your supervisor, PSD or CCU. 22. USE OF SPECIFIC SYSTEMS AND EQUIPMENT 22.1 Law Enforcement Applications (PNC, NICHE, Storm etc.) The following conditions apply to the use of the Police National Computer (PNC), Police National Database (PND), NICHE, STORM, Tasking & Briefing Portal (TAB) and Force Data Search (FDS) but also applies to any other Wiltshire Police database or system. • Any search or enquiry of PNC, NICHE, STORM, TAB or FDS must be justified as being for Law Enforcement Purposes; namely the investigation, prevention and detection of crime. This includes the legitimate accessing of information to supply