uncertain of how to proceed they must seek advice from HR regarding the interpretation of the procedure and matters therein. • Work constructively with the individual and OHU around reasonable adjustments in the workplace. • Ensure that the member of staff has access to, and is aware of, the relevant STAFF SUPPORT NETWORKS. • • Ensure that the member of staff is aware of, and has access to, the EAP (Employee Assistance Programme), should they find it of benefit. • Consider an OHU referral where reasonable adjustments are not effective. • Ensure all details are recorded confidentially in line with GDPR. THE INDIVIDUAL It is the personal responsibility of the individual to look after oneÕs own health. They should: • Seek professional medical advice from oneÕs own GP if necessary. • Be open and honest around communication about menopause topics with Line Managers, HR and the OHU at the earliest opportunity. This helps to avoid any misunderstandings in the workplace, and ensures suitable support can be offered. • Be open and honest around communication about menopause topics with Unison / Fed where applicable. • Fully support a respectful and dignified working environment Ð partaking in an environment free of stigma, and support colleagues who may be suffering from menopausal symptoms. SIGNPOSTING Within the Force we are lucky enough to have our Staff Support Networks who are accessible by any employee of Wiltshire Police or the OPCC. One of these is the MENOPAUSE SUPPORT GROUP. This group meets regularly and is an excellent resource for those wanting to learn more about the Menopause, talk about their experiences, and access support. For Line Managers who are approached by staff around Menopause topics, referring them to the Menopause Support Group would be recommended. In addition to the Menopause Support Group, there is the CONNECT womenÕs network. Their page contains contact information as well as joining information. They have regular meetings and you can access their ÔPlan on a PageÕ. Staff can also access the Occupational Health Unit by self-referral, or by management referral. If a member of staff is having issues with menopause related matters pertaining to their work or welfare, then a referral to the Occupational Health Unit could be beneficial. In addition to the OHU, staff can access the EAP (Employee Assistance Programme). This programme is accessible online, through an app and also via the telephone. This programme gives employees access to counselling services, as well as support services around stress, anxiety, and other mental health matters. Some who go through the Menopause experience mental health difficulties and the resources available through the EAP could be beneficial for those individuals. Staff are also able to access the Force CHAPLAINCY for pastoral needs. The Chaplains are impartial and able to provide counsel and support to those in need. Oskar Kilo and Police Mutual both offer advice via their websites. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Human Resources, Wellbeing Procedure Owner/Author: SLT Suzie THOMPSON Technical Author: Daniel Phillimore Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Director of People