high risk. For multi-agency working to be effective it is vital that the state works closely with the voluntary sector to ensure full and proper combination of expertise to provide holistic support. For instance, specialist domestic abuse support workers are highly trained to support families affected by domestic abuse and contribute valuably to discussions and risk assessments involved in Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hubs (MASHs) or Child in Need and Child Protection plans, including attendance at Initial Child Protection Conferences. Further details about multi-agency working are provided in ‘Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. 204 SafeLives. National Definition for IDVA work: 2014. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency Response to Domestic Abuse Multi-agency working The response to domestic abuse is a complex one that spans several statutory and non-statutory agencies, including but not limited to, local authorities, community-based agencies, children’s services, schools, housing, health (including mental health), drug and alcohol services, specialist domestic abuse agencies, the police and the criminal justice system. Wider organisations, such as employers and financial services institutions also have a role to play. Agencies have a responsibility to work together effectively to provide support and protection to victims of domestic abuse. This can be through strategic planning, co-commissioning and creating joined-up services. Working together is essential to help with identifying domestic abuse at an early stage and with responding to domestic abuse in a manner that can reduce the risk of escalation. It is vital to appropriately safeguard victims, including children, regardless of the level of risk. An effective multi-agency response means that all frontline agencies consider domestic abuse and are trained to understand both the complex dynamics and the signs of domestic abuse. Specialist domestic abuse organisations offer a range of training for professionals working in multi-agency safeguarding contexts. This training should take into account a victim’s protected characteristics, individual circumstances and recognise that intersecting forms of abuse may be at play. These factors can prevent victims from accessing support and services and highlight the need for specialist 'by and for' services to form part of all multi-agency working practices. In Wales, there is a statutory duty placed on Relevant Authorities to train their staff to appropriate levels in line with the National Training Framework on violence against women, domestic abuse and sexual violence statutory guidance issued under section 15 of the Violence against Women, Domestic Abuse and Sexual Violence (Wales) Act 2015 and section 60 of the Government of Wales Act 2006. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Agencies must work together and share information to ensure they are able to draw on all the available information held within each agency to build a full picture of the victims, including children, and perpetrators. This includes looking holistically at an individual’s case and circumstances to identify appropriate multi-agency support. All agencies have a duty to assess whether a safeguarding response is required before referring an incident to a multi-agency partnership. Co-locating specialist domestic abuse services or providers can be an effective