available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/strengthening-the-law-on-domestic? abuse. On 18 December the Home Secretary announced in a written ministerial statement that we would be tabling amendments to the Bill to strengthen the protection afforded to the victims of domestic abuse. New clause "Controlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or family relationship" accordingly provides for a new domestic abuse offence. The new offence will provide an additional charging option where there is continuous or repeated coercive or controlling conduct, the cumulative impact of which can be no less traumatic for the victim than physical violence. The new offence carries a maximum penalty of five years' imprisonment and would extend to England and Wales. The new offence would not apply where the behaviour in question is perpetrated by a parent, or a person who has parental responsibility, against a child under 16 (see subsection (3)). This is because the criminal law, in particular the child cruelty offence in section 1 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 as amended by clause 65 of the Bill, already covers such behaviour. Subsections (8) to (10) of the new clause provides for a limited defence where the accused believes he or she was acting in the best interests of the victim and can show that in the particular circumstances their behaviour was objectively reasonable. The defence will not be available where a victim has been caused to fear violence (as opposed to being seriously alarmed or distressed). This defence is intended to cover, for example, circumstances where a husband was a carer for a mentally ill wife (or vice versa), and by virtue of her medical condition, she had to be kept in her home or compelled to take medication, for her own protection or in her own best interests. In this context, the husband's behaviour might be considered controlling, but would be reasonable under the circumstances. New clause "Guidance" confers a power on the Home Secretary to issue guidance about the investigation of the new offence. An impact assessment is available on the Bill page of the Government website. New offence of sexual communication with a child (new clause "Sexual communication with a child'' and amendments to clauses 75 and 76, Schedule 4 and the long title) At Lords Third Reading, Lord Bates undertook to consider further an amendment tabled by Lord Harris of Haringey which sought to enhance the protection of children by creating a new offence to criminalise adults who communicate sexually with children (Hansard, 5 November 2014, columns 1621-1633). Lord Harris's amendment was prompted by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) which has argued that a new offence is needed to capture those who communicate sexually with a child or who invite a child to communicate sexually with them. The sexual abuse and exploitation of children is a very real danger in today's society. We already have a robust body of criminal law in England and Wales to tackle predatory sexual behaviour by adults against vulnerable children. This