that school or site. (14) In this section references to a ÒschoolÓ are to be read as including a 16 to 19 Academy. (15) In this section Òtest and trace servicesÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, services of the programme known as NHS Test and Trace; (b) in relation to Wales, services of the programme known as Test, Trace, Protect.] 60 Duration of [F10public spaces protection] orders (1) A public spaces protection order may not have effect for a period of more than 3 years, unless extended under this section. (2) Before the time when a public spaces protection order is due to expire, the local authority that made the order may extend the period for which it has effect if satisfied on reasonable grounds that doing so is necessary to preventÑ (a) occurrence or recurrence after that time of the activities identified in the order, or (b) an increase in the frequency or seriousness of those activities after that time. (3) An extension under this sectionÑ (a) may not be for a period of more than 3 years; (b) must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. (4) A public spaces protection order may be extended under this section more than once. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 37 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F1160A Duration of expedited orders (1) An expedited order may not have effect for a period of more than 6 months. (2) Subject to subsection (1), the local authority that made an expedited order may, before the time when the order is due to expire, extend the period for which the order has effect if satisfied on reasonable grounds that doing so is necessary to preventÑ (a) occurrence or recurrence after that time of the activities identified in the order, or (b) an increase in the frequency or seriousness of those activities after that time. (3) Where a local authority has made an expedited order, the authority may, at any time before the order is due to expire, reduce the period for which the order is to have effect if satisfied on reasonable grounds that the reduced period will be sufficient having regard to the degree of risk of an occurrence, recurrence or increase such as is mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b). (4) An extension or reduction under this section of the period for which an order has effect must be published in accordance with regulations made