can be made under the arrangements for persons to participate in those activities which exist in the area of the youth offending team that is to be, or is, specified in the order, and (d) in a case where the requirement, or the requirement as varied, would involve the co-operation of a person other than the defaulter and the responsible officer, that person consents to its inclusion or variation. (14) In sub-paragraph (10) ÒguardianÓ has the same meaning as in the Children and Young Persons Act 1933. But where a local authority has parental responsibility (within the meaning given by section 3 of the Children Act 1989) for a defaulter whoÑ (a) is in the authority's care, or (b) is provided with accommodation by the authority in the exercise of social services functions (within the meaning given by section 1A of the Local Authority Social Services Act 1970 [F78in relation to a local authority in England or for the purposes of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 in relation to a local authority in Wales]), the reference to ÒguardianÓ in sub-paragraph (10) is to be read as a reference to that authority. Curfew requirements 5 (1) In this Schedule Òcurfew requirementÓ, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter remain at a place specified in the order for the periods specified in it. 1 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 175 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) A supervision order imposing a curfew requirement may specify different places or different periods for different days. (3) The periods specified under sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) must be within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5); (b) may not amount to less than 2 or more than 8 hours in any day. (4) Before specifying a place under sub-paragraph (1), the court making the order must obtain and consider information about the place proposed to be specified (including information as to the attitude of persons likely to be affected by the enforced presence there of the defaulter). (5) Where a supervision order contains a curfew requirement, the court may, on the application of the original applicant or the defaulter, amend the order byÑ (a) substituting new periods for the periods specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (3)); (b) substituting a new place for the place specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (4)). Electronic monitoring requirements