proactive community policing (Worrall and Kovandzic, 2010), doing so also requires additional police resources at a greater cost (College of Policing, 2015Vinod Kumar, 2014). Repeat and/or demanding callers The Ôiron law of troublesome placesÕ claims that a small proportion of locations are likely to account for the majority of reported incidents of crime and disorder (Bichler et al., 2013; Wilcox and Eck, 2011). For instance, a minority of patients have been found to account for the majority of calls for the ambulance service (Edwards et al., 2014). Similarly, some Ôtroubled familiesÕ who often have many generations displaying the same problems, may require more resources than others (Home Office, n.d). Repeat and/or demanding callers can place a significant burden on emergency services in general; both in terms of time and financial resources, and many factors can influence how people interact with the police in particular. For example, community differences can strongly impact police resource requirements with urban settings associated with more public demand that rural policing (Johnson and Rhodes, 2009; Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014), with this further linked to social deprivation, low collective efficacy and cohesion (Sampson et al., 1997) Personal characteristics may also influence whether a person is likely to be a repeat caller. Key areas have been found to be those associated with alcohol/drugs and those with mental health issues. A recent UK report made by the College of Policing (2015) estimates that that mental health issues account for at least 20% of police time. This pattern suggests that dealing with individuals with mental health issues could be posing a considerable and increasing demand on police resources internationally (College of Policing, 2015; Health and Social Care Information Centre, 2014). Demand Management As the police strive to meet the demands of their expanding roles and an increasingly expectant public (Fleming and Grabosky, 2009), there are a few ways in which the police aim to manage the demand on their service, including grading incidents appropriately to prioritise tasks, and using reviews to identify high demand areas in order to implement preventative measures to reduce reoccurring problems. The Ôtroubled familiesÕ programme, which involves intensive work with particularly resource demanding families, is a prime example of this. The governmentÕs Ôtroubled familiesÕ programme has been found to reduce offending and antisocial behaviour and thus, reduce the demand on the police (Home Office, n.d). Targeted policing can be seen as an effective tool for curbing demand by concentrating resources on specific crimes, criminals, victims and areas that are prone to cause high demand before calls for assistance occur (Karn, 2013). ÔHot spotÕ policing involves deploying more patrol resources at Ôhot spotsÕ defined as Òsmall clusters of addresses with frequent hard crime calls as well as substantial soft crime calls for serviceÓ (Sherman and Weisburd, 1995, p. 630;). Similarly, problem orientated policing focusses on targeting strategies to specifically identified problems (Weisburd and Eck, 2004). Generally, studies show that increases of police presence in places where crime is more concentrated results in significant reductions in crime