(i) in paragraph (a), after Ò258Ó insert Òor 258AÓ; (ii) in paragraph (b), for Òor 274Ó substitute Ò, 274 or 274AÓ; (iii) in paragraph (c), for Òor 285Ó substitute Ò, 285 or 285AÓ. Special constables and Police Federations 4 Special constables and Police Federations: amendments to the Police Act 1996 (1) The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. (2) In section 51 (regulations for special constables), in subsection (2), after paragraph (c) insertÑ Ò(ca) the treatment as occasions of police duty of attendance at meetings of the Police Federations and of any body recognised by the Secretary of State for the purposes of section 64;Ó. (3) Section 59 (Police Federations) is amended as set out in subsections (4) to (7). (4) For subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) There shall continue to be a Police Federation for England and Wales for the purpose of representing members of the police forces in England and Wales, and special constables appointed for a police area in England and Wales, in all matters affecting their welfare and efficiency, except forÑ (a) questions of promotion affecting individuals, and (b) (subject to subsection (2)) questions of discipline affecting individuals.Ó (5) After subsection (1A) insertÑ Ò(1B) There shall continue to be a Police Federation for Scotland for the purpose of representing constables of the Police Service of Scotland in all matters affecting their welfare and efficiency, except forÑ (a) questions of promotion affecting individuals, and (b) (subject to subsection (2A)) questions of discipline affecting individuals.Ó (6) For subsection (2) substituteÑ Ò(2) The Police Federation for England and Wales mayÑ (a) represent a member of a police force at any proceedings brought under regulations made in accordance with section 50(3) above, or on an appeal from any such proceedings; (b) represent a special constable at any proceedings brought under regulations made in accordance with section 51(2A) above, or on an appeal from any such proceedings. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 9 PART 1 Ð Protection of the police etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2A) The Police Federation for Scotland may represent a constable of the Police Service of Scotland at any proceedings brought under regulations made in accordance with section 48 of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012 (asp 8) in so far as relating to the matters described in section 52 of that Act, or on an appeal from any such proceedings.Ó (7) For subsection (3) substituteÑ Ò(3) Except on an appeal to a police appeals tribunal or as provided in regulations made in accordance with section