activity across the UK. Consistency is sought too in the way the function is carried out between the local Category 1 and 2 responders as partners covered by the Act, and in different parts of the country. 12.2. The Act provides a basic framework defining what tasks should be performed and how co-operation should be conducted. 12.3. Local responders work to a common framework, and make their own decisions in the light of local circumstances and priorities about what planning arrangements are appropriate in their areas. Purpose 12.4. The purpose of Emergency Preparedness is to accompany Part 1 of the Act, and its supporting Regulations (The Civil Contingencies Act 2004 (Contingency Planning) Regulations 2012) (the Regulations). Integrated emergency management (IEM) comprises six related activities: anticipation, assessment, prevention, preparation, response and recovery. A volume of non-statutory guidance Emergency Response and Recovery http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/content/emergency-response-and-recovery, describes the multi-agency framework for responding to, and recovering from, civil emergencies in the UK. This non-statutory guidance is targeted at all personnel who may become involved in emergencies. It aims to develop a shared understanding of multi-agency response and recovery arrangements across responding agencies. 12.5. Emergency Preparedness supports those individuals and organisations which have a role to play in the civil protection framework and, in particular, those organisations subject to duties under the Act. 1.1. 12.6. This guidance sets out how the civil protection duties should be carried out in England and Wales. Other available guidance is referenced within the Further Reading Chapter that accompanies the Emergency Preparedness guidance. 12.7. This guidance also sets out how the civil protection duties should be carried out by certain bodies in Scotland, namely the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, the Health and Safety Executive and the British Transport Police. These bodies exercise functions which are largely reserved on a UK-wide basis and it is appropriate for them to be subject to guidance made by a Minister of the Crown. ÔMinister of the CrownÕ or ÔMinisterÕ refers to the most appropriate minister in the given situation. The Scottish Ministers make separate regulations and guidance which apply to other Scottish Category 1 and 2 responders which fall within devolved competence. For more information, see Chapter 10: Scotland. 12.8. This guidance also applies to certain bodies in Northern Ireland, namely the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and telecommunications operators. The guidance applies to the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) only in relation to emergencies arising from war or terrorism threatening serious damage to the United Kingdom. The Department of Justice in Northern Ireland may make appropriate guidance for the PSNI in respect of other emergencies to which the Act applies. Neither this guidance nor the Act applies to other bodies in Northern Ireland. Arrangements similar to those established under the Act, the Regulations, and this guidance have been set up in Northern Ireland on a non-statutory basis. For further information, please refer to Chapter 12: Northern Ireland. 1.1. 12.9. The guidance in this volume is divided into chapters. Each chapter deals with a specific aspect