to those established under the Act, the Regulations, and this guidance have been set up in Northern Ireland on a non-statutory basis. For further information, please refer to Chapter 12: Northern Ireland. 1.1. 12.9. The guidance in this volume is divided into chapters. Each chapter deals with a specific aspect of preparedness within the civil protection framework. The main chapters (Chapters 2-8) describe the chief obligations imposed by the Act on Category 1 responders. Others (for example, Chapters 10-12, and 16) provide guidance which sets the work undertaken at the local level in the context of broader arrangements, including variations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. It is hoped that Category 1 and 2 responders will find these chapters helpful in understanding and delivering the wider civil protection framework.1 12.10. Each chapter in this volume has a broadly similar format: o summary; o guidance on what the Act and the Regulations require of Category 1 and 2 responders; o guidance on how to carry out the requirements of the legislation; and o other information which may be helpful (much of which is contained in lined text boxes). Supporting the chapters are: annexes, a glossary and a bibliography (collected at the end of this volume). 12.11. This guidance includes a number of boxes setting out additional information. The type of box used indicates the type of information contained within it: o lined text boxes - these unshaded boxes contain advice and information that may be useful to local responders, but are not directly supported by the Act. o figures - these diagrams illustrate aspects of the good practice guidance. 1 Throughout the footnotes of this document the Regulations are referred to as regulation(s) with the appropriate number. Reference to the sections of the Civil Contingencies Act are referred to as e.g. s.2(1)(c). WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 12.12. While the civil protection duties are detailed on the face of the Act, the detail of what those duties mean, and how they should be performed, is delivered through the Regulations.2 The Act and Regulations are supported too by this guidance document, which includes guidance to which the organisations covered by the Act must have regard. 3 12.13. However, all the duties specified in Part 1 of the Act are contingent on the definition of ÒemergencyÓ. The definition of ÒEmergencyÓ 12.14. ÒEmergencyÓ is defined in Part 1 of the Act as: an event or situation which threatens serious damage to human welfare in a place in the UK, the environment of a place in the UK, or war or terrorism which threatens serious damage to the security of the UK. 4 12.15. The definition of ÒemergencyÓ is concerned with consequences, rather than with cause or source. Therefore, an emergency inside or outside the UK is covered by the definition, provided it has consequences inside the UK. 5 12.16. An emergency is considered to have consequences inside the UK if the serious damage is within the territorial sea of the UK.6 The