they have exercised the powers given by section 47(1) of the 1968 Act and examined the firearm. If the person refuses to hand over a firearm or ammunition when required to do so, they commit an offence and a power of arrest arises, as explained below. 22.8 The powers to detain, search and enter in section 47 of the 1968 Act are similarly intended to enable a police officer to determine whether an offence has been committed and to take immediate and effective action. Section 47 also confers the power to require the person in question to hand over any firearms or ammunition for examination. The powers are, however, limited to the offences under the Act which are listed above, and any officer using them may have to satisfy a court as to the grounds upon which they were exercised. Chief officers of police should keep careful watch on the use of these powers and satisfy themselves that they are used properly and with discretion. Require production of Certificates 22.9 Section 48 of the 1968 Act provides that a constable may demand from any person believed to be in possession of a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or of a shot gun the production of their firearm certificate, or, in the case of a shot gun, their shot gun certificate. 22.10 Section 48(2) of the 1968 Act provides a constable the power to seize weapons and ammunition in cases of non-compliance, the constable may also require the person to immediately declare his full name and address. 182 Arrest Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 22.11 Section 24 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 applies to England and Wales with regards to arrest without warrant powers for constables. In England and Wales a constable may arrest anyone without warrant who is, or he suspects is, about to, or in the act of, committing an offence. In Scotland, section 1 of the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 2016 provides a general power of arrest without warrant. 22.12 If an offence has been committed the constable may arrest anyone without a warrant who is either guilty or whom he has reasonable grounds for suspecting them to be guilty. 22.13 The constable in question must have reasonable grounds for believing it is necessary to arrest the person in question. The reasons are: (a) to enable the name or address of the person in question to be ascertained (b) to prevent the person in questionÑ (i) causing physical injury to himself or any other person; (ii) suffering physical injury; (iii) causing loss of or damage to property; (iv) committing an offence against public decency; (v) causing an unlawful obstruction of the highway; (c) to protect a child or other vulnerable person from the person in question; (d) to allow the prompt and effective investigation of the offence or of the conduct of the person in question; (e) to prevent any prosecution for the offence from being hindered by