a senior member of staff, full details of the role is set out in Keeping Children Safe in Education. When considering the needs of children affected by domestic abuse, schools and colleges may also want to consider their duties in regard to children with special educational needs, including those with behavioural problems, and refer to the SEND Code of Practice. There is also guidance available on child-on-child sexual violence and sexual harassment in schools and colleges in England. The organisation Operation Encompass has created an information sharing protocol between police forces and schools so that police can alert designated safeguarding leads of domestic abuse incidents involving a child. Police notify schools about all domestic abuse incidents before the start of the next school day so that appropriate 149 Brown, S., Redmond, T., Rees, D., Ford, S. & King, S. (2020). Truth Project Thematic Report: Child sexual abuse in the context of schools. London: Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse. [Online]. Available at: https://www.iicsa.org.uk/publications/research/csa-schools. 150 In Wales, guidance for local authorities and governing bodies on arrangements for safeguarding children is under Keeping Learners Safe. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance and trained school staff are made aware of incidents and can support the child accordingly when they come into school. Whereas children’s social services only intervene in the most serious cases, Operation Encompass enables every child to receive support, regardless of whether the incident has been recorded as a crime. It does not replace statutory safeguarding procedures. Where appropriate, the police and/or schools should make a referral to children’s social care if they are concerned about a child’s welfare. The Keeping Children Safe in Education statutory guidance makes it clear that where there are safeguarding concerns about a child or young person, the designated safeguarding lead and any deputies should liaise with the three safeguarding partners and work with other agencies, in line with ‘Working Together to Safeguard Children’. More information on Operation Encompass is provided through the case study at Box 6.1. All police forces in England and Wales now use Operation Encompass and all schools are encouraged to sign up to the scheme. Concerns about obtaining a school placement for their children may be a barrier to victims escaping domestic abuse mid-way through the school year and seeking refuge or safe accommodation, particularly if it means leaving the area or creating difficulty for children to continue to attend a faith school. However, parents can apply for a place for their child at any school at any time; and where there are places available, the child must be admitted. In 2020, the Department for Education consulted on a package of changes to the School Admissions Code to improve the in-year admissions process and to minimise gaps in children’s education. This included specific proposals to support the in-year admission of children of victims of domestic abuse. The new School Admissions Code containing these provisions came into force in September 2021. The changes introduced new categories of children who must be placed