and safe home. They support thriving neighbourhoods and communities. They are open with their residents, listen to them and treat them with respect. 1 ÔLive Table 104Õ https://www.gov.uk/government/statistical-data-sets/live-tables-on-dwelling-stock-including-vacants 8 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper But this is not true of all landlords. The tragedy at Grenfell Tower in June 2017 raised critical questions for everyone involved in social housing, including residents, landlords, developers, and local and national government. We are committed to learning the lessons of the Grenfell tragedy and have already taken significant action. We have supported the bereaved and survivors, established an independent public inquiry and started implementing the recommendations of its Phase 1 findings. And through the Building Safety Bill we are undertaking the biggest change in building safety for a generation. We have also been listening intensely to social housing residents across the country about the change that they want to see. The social housing Green Paper in 2018 sought views on a wide range of potential changes, and alongside it we launched a Call for Evidence about how social housing is regulated. We received over 1,000 responses to the social housing Green Paper and over 100 to the Call for Evidence. Many residents reported positive experiences, but others did not. We heard concerns about safety and quality; of complaints being handled slowly or poorly; and about residents feeling they were not listened to, or not treated with respect. The COVID-19 pandemic has reinforced the importance of peopleÕs homes, communities and neighbourhoods Ð including access to green spaces. Good landlords have ensured that their vulnerable residents have not been left alone, and have gone the extra mile to support them. It remains important for people to have access to open green spaces and playgrounds to promote exercise and mental wellbeing. And it is critical that those in social housing, as elsewhere, can live free from the blight of crime, drugs and anti-social behaviour, in developments well designed to protect them and with law enforcement there to take decisive action where necessary. Alongside the challenges posed by COVID-19, social landlords are seeking to increase energy efficiency, and are working to improve the safety of their buildings. We recognise that these pose very significant challenges and are assisting through targeted grants and support. Many landlords have made positive changes since the publication of the social housing Green Paper. And there have been welcome initiatives to support sector- wide culture change, such as the National Housing FederationÕs Together with Tenants2 programme and the resident-led guide on how to engage with residents by See the Person and the Chartered Institute of Housing.3 But there is more to do to ensure that all social housing residents have the experience we expect for them. This White Paper sets out how we will achieve this, through our new Charter for social housing residents. Building on the commitments we have already made on building safety, to the highest single funding commitment to affordable housing in a decade, and