18. The convictions will be recorded formally on national crime statistics. This will ensure that this type of crime is reflected in available national statistics and taken into account in any decision making on crime management. 19. The proposed measure is associated with a wider package of measures being implemented in prisons aimed at reducing violence and making prisons safer. The impact of introducing this offence may or may not serve as a deterrent for some prisoners but it will help to emphasise the message sent to prisons that violence in prison will not be tolerated. This in turn will be re-enforced by a range of other measures (as outlined in paragraph 12). Rationale for intervention 20. In this case, the Government is intervening to address the anomalies in current legislation in dealing with more serious offences as outlined above. Proposed reforms 21. A new clause will be tabled at LordÕs Report of the Serious Crime Bill which will create a new criminal offence where a person possesses, without authorisation, a bladed or sharply pointed article (such as a knife) or other offensive weapon (as defined in section 1(9) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984). The clause will amend the Prison Act 1952 so that the maximum sentence available for commission of the offence in a prison mirrors the maximum sentence in the community. 1. 22. It will be a triable either way offence with a maximum penalty of four yearsÕ imprisonment on conviction on indictment, or a fine, or both, or on summary conviction a maximum penalty of six monthsÕ imprisonment, or a fine, or both. 23. There are circumstances where it is necessary for persons in prison (including prisoners) to have possession of bladed or sharply pointed articles, particularly knives and other tools which may constitute offensive weapons in another context. Knives and bladed items are necessary in a limited range of circumstances such as in workshops and for preparing food. Security and risk-based assessments must be undertaken by prisons before anyone is permitted to work or have access to an environment where such articles are available. 24. Section 39 to 42 of the Prison Act 1999 set out existing that are specific to prison criminal offences, including offences around conveying certain articles into or out of prison, without authorisation. ÒAuthorisationÓ in relation to all prisons may be given by the Secretary of State or by the Prison Rules 1999 and in relation to a particular prison by the Secretary of State, the Governor or the Director or by an authorised staff member. The powers around authorisation will be applied to the new offence. Main affected groups 25. The following groups would be affected by this policy: * Police * Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) * Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals service (HMCTS) * Legal Aid Agency (LAA) * Lawyers * National Offender Management Services (NOMS) * Victims and potential victims Costs and Benefits 26. This Impact Assessment identifies both monetised and non-monetised impacts from societyÕs perspective,