Boards (in Wales) and relevant professionals are encouraged to actively consider how best this could be done as part of existing work and engagement with practising communities, and how new initiatives could be established. Maintaining a continued dialogue with affected communities may help to ensure that prevention and support interventions are accepted. 46 www.nspcc.org.uk/preventing-abuse/child-abuse-and-neglect/female-genital-mutilation-fgm/ 47 www.gov.uk/government/publications/female-genital-mutilation-resource-pack/female-genital-mutilation- resource-pack 48 www.gov.uk/government/publications/female-genital-mutilation-resource-pack/female-genital-mutilation- resource-pack Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 33 4.6.2 Community Groups Community groups have a valuable role to play in responding to FGM. This may include: • supporting womenÕs access to specialist care; • disseminating information in schools; and • supporting and supplementing professional training programmes. When developing services and projects, organisations should consider working with appropriate community groups and survivors to help make sure the services provided both meet the needs of service users, and that their staff understand the issues related to FGM. Appropriately trained professionals can help to address fears and misconceptions that may deter those affected by FGM from engaging with statutory services. Professionals with specialist knowledge of FGM may also wish to consider how they can assist community groups, for example, by speaking at community-based events. Information on local and national voluntary sector organisations working with communities on FGM, including a postcode search function which signposts local support services, is available at: www.gov.uk/female-genital-mutilation-help-advice. 4.6.3 Working with Survivors It is important, where possible and with appropriate support provided, to involve survivors of FGM when developing services or policies that will affect them. In doing so, organisations should recognise that each individual survivor will have their own experiences and needs and should not be expected to represent all women and girls who have undergone FGM. Survivors may also wish to act as change advocates to encourage communities to abandon FGM. Community groups working with those affected by FGM can help to facilitate engagement with survivors and can advise on the support they may need to speak out about their experience of FGM. 34 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation CASE STUDY: Working with community groups - North East FGM Forum Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) North East wanted to improve criminal justice agenciesÕ understanding of the issues faced by communities affected by FGM in the area, help communities to understand the criminal justice process and address any concerns there may be about engaging with criminal justice agencies. CPS North East decided to set up a regional forum. Members of the forum included representatives of: • the three Police and Crime Commissioners in the North East; • the three police forces; • community support services working with victims of FGM; and • health services. The aim of the forum was to provide opportunities for networking and dialogue between criminal justice agencies and organisations offering support to women affected by FGM to share information and best practice, and to identify areas for joint working. The forum resulted in the development of good practice in investigation of reports of FGM. Ongoing dialogue between the agencies, and their communities,