and a process to manage high-volume data, to identify key or critical information at the earliest opportunity. The CB Incident Room also provides a telephone line for the public to report people involved in an incident, as well as an online reporting facility, Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). This website can be used by the public to directly report information. It can also be used by police and other partner agencies to report people involved using the Investigative Triage Form (ITF), which is password- protected and predefined by the CB Manager. A CB Incident Room is likely to be activated when there is a significant demand from the public for information that exceeds normal force call-handling capabilities. It may also be activated by the SIM to receive a significant volume of information from the public (using the ITF). All police regions are required to have a CB Incident Room capability. All police forces can provide additional CB call-handling resources to support any other CB Incident Room upon a mutual aid request. All information received via the CB Incident Room telephone numbers and online via MIPP is recorded into a secure incident cloud-based account. This ensures that all information is collated in the same place. When the CB Incident Room is activated for a mass fatality incident, it manages all information in relation to the recovery, reconciliation, identification and repatriation of victims, as well as criminal investigation. For further information see Casualty Bureau Manager Suggested Initial Actions. For more information see the command, control and coordination section of the APP. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Emergency Powers Act 1964. (See end of Document for details) Emergency Powers Act 1964 1964 CHAPTER 38 An Act to amend the Emergency Powers Act 1920 and make permanent the Defence (Armed Forces) Regulations 1939. [10th June 1964] Amendment of s. 1(1) of Emergency Powers Act 1920. F1. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Defence (Armed Forces) Regulations 1939 made permanent. The Defence (Armed Forces) Regulations 1939 in the form set out in Part C of Schedule 2 to the M1Emergency Laws (Repeal) Act 1959 (which regulations enable the temporary employment in agricultural work or in other work, being urgent work of national importance, of members of the armed forces of the Crown to be authorised) shall become permanent. Short title and extent. This Act may be cited as the Emergency Powers Act 1964. Section 1 of this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland. 2 Emergency Powers Act 1964 (c. 38) Document Generated: 2025-03-21 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006 2006 CHAPTER 39 An Act to make it an offence to obstruct