amend section 11 for the purpose of altering the descriptions of service to which subsection (1) applies. An order under this section may make transitional, consequential, incidental and supplemental provision or savings. The provision that may be made under subsection (2) includes provision amending any enactment. An order under this section shall be made by statutory instrument. A statutory instrument containing an order under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” In section 63(3) of the Police Act 1996 (consultation of Police Advisory Board for England and Wales)— after paragraph (c) insert “or an order under section 97A, or an order under section 11A of the Police Pensions Act 1976 (power to amend kinds of service),”, and for “draft of the regulations or rules” substitute “ draft of the regulations, rules or order ”. Police equipment Section 53 of the Police Act 1996 (regulations as to standard of equipment) is amended as follows. In subsection (1A)— in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (e) for “all police forces in England and Wales” substitute “ one or more police forces ”, and in paragraph (d) for “police forces in England and Wales” substitute “ one or more police forces ”. In subsection (1B) for “generally of the police forces maintained for police areas in England and Wales” substitute “ of one or more police forces ”. In subsection (2C) before paragraph (a) insert— “(za) software;”. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 15 Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Police procedures and practices Section 53A of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) (regulation of procedures and practices) is amended as follows. In subsection (1) for “all police forces in England and Wales” substitute “ one or more police forces ”. In subsection (7)(a) after “in order to” insert “— (i) promote the efficiency and effectiveness of a police force, or (ii)”. Police facilities and services In section 57(3) of the Police Act 1996 (regulations requiring police forces to use specified facilities or services) for “all police forces in England and Wales” substitute “ one or more police forces ”. Part 2 Sexual offences and sex establishments Prostitution Paying for sexual services of a prostitute subjected to force etc: England and Wales After section 53 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c. 42) insert— “53A Paying for sexual services of a prostitute subjected to force etc. A person (A) commits an offence if— A makes or promises payment for the sexual services of a prostitute