that it can sometimes take months for the complaint to be resolved, or for the resident to be able to access the Housing Ombudsman. This chapter sets out how we will fix that. We have already: • Set out in the Building Safety Bill how we will speed up access to the Housing Ombudsman by removing the need for residents to go to a designated person or wait eight weeks before approaching them Ð removing the Ôdemocratic filterÕ. • Expanded the Housing Ombudsman service which is aiming to halve its decision times by March 2022. • Increased the Housing OmbudsmanÕs powers to take action against landlords where needed. The Housing Ombudsman has published a new Complaint Handling Code and guidance on new orders that will be implemented from 1 January 2021. We will: • Support improved complaint handling by landlords and hold them to account through stronger action by the Housing Ombudsman. • Keep the Housing OmbudsmanÕs powers, and compliance with them, under review and consider ways to strengthen them, including the option of legislation to put the Complaint Handling Code on a statutory footing. • Run an awareness campaign so social housing residents know their rights, are confident in navigating their routes to complain, and are aware of how to escalate to get redress where needed. • Ensure lessons are learned and maintain residentsÕ confidence in the Housing Ombudsman Service through the appointment by the Ombudsman of an independent reviewer by March 2021 to examine any complaints made about the service that the Housing Ombudsman provides. • Formalise and strengthen the relationship between the Regulator of Social Housing and the Housing Ombudsman by introducing a statutory requirement for both bodies to co-operate with each other in undertaking their responsibilities in holding landlords to account. • Make the Housing Ombudsman a statutory consultee for any proposal concerning changes to the Regulator of Social HousingÕs economic and consumer standards. • Make the Regulator of Social Housing a statutory consultee for any changes to the Housing Ombudsman Scheme. • 26 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper • From March 2021, publish on the Housing OmbudsmanÕs website, reports on the complaints the Housing Ombudsman has handled for individual landlords, as well as the determinations on individual cases. Standards that ensure residents get effective resolution and redress 27. Landlords have a key role to play in ensuring their residents know how to make complaints and can do so confidently. They must do this as one of the conditions of membership of the Housing Ombudsman Scheme. The Scheme sets out how residentsÕ complaints about landlords are investigated by the Housing Ombudsman. 28. To ensure that complaints handling is taken as seriously as it should be, the Housing Ombudsman has published a new Complaint Handling Code. This promotes consistency across landlordsÕ complaints procedures and learning from complaints to drive service improvements. The new Code sets out what residents can expect from their landlord when they complain, how to make a complaint