local authorities can use receipts from Right to Buy sales. A consultation exploring the possibility of this was published alongside the social housing Green Paper and we are considering the policy response. 1. 40 Affordable Housing Supply open data: https://www.gov.uk/government/statistical-data-sets/live-tables-on-affordable-housing-supply#open-data 41 https://www.gov.uk/guidance/housing-revenue-account 66 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Community Led Housing 149. Housing built by community-led groups, including community land trusts and housing co-operatives, can deliver high quality affordable housing that cannot be delivered by the mainstream market. Particularly in urban areas, community-led housing can be delivered through the conversion and refurbishment of existing buildings. Because the management bodies of community-led housing are typically drawn from the local and residential community, they are uniquely well placed to respond to the needs and aspirations of residents. 150. An important feature of community-led housing developments is the strong sense of pride and belonging that they engender among their residents, and the associated benefits in terms of health and wellbeing. We have supported community-led housebuilding through the Community Housing Fund42 and we will consider how best to maintain that support going forward. 42 https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/community-housing-fund The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 67 Building beautiful 151. We are committed to developing more beautiful homes and communities. It should be an aspiration for all new developments. It helps to create a sense of place and foster a sense of community. The ÔBuilding Better, Building BeautifulÕ Commission was established in November 2018, to advise the Government on how to promote high quality design for new build homes and neighbourhoods, making them more likely to be welcomed by existing communities. The recommendations apply to all new homes, regardless of tenure. The final report of the ÔBuilding Better, Building BeautifulÕ Commission was published on 30 January 2020. We welcome the report and will provide a formal response in due course. 152. In the meantime, in 2019, we amended the National Planning Policy Framework and published a new National Design Guide to emphasise the importance of beauty and good design. Helping people into home ownership 153. We are committed to supporting people that want to own a home to do so. We are delivering more new homes of all types, delivering 241,000 in the last year alone, the highest in over 30 years; and we have committed to delivering at least a million more over this parliament. Approximately 50% of the homes delivered through the new Affordable Homes Programme will be for affordable home ownership, supporting aspiring homeowners to take their first step on to the housing ladder. Over 649,000 households43 have been helped to purchase a home since spring 2010 through Government backed schemes including ÔHelp to BuyÕ and ÔRight to BuyÕ, and we have cut stamp-duty for the majority of first-time buyers, helping over 540,000 people.44 These schemes are working and in 2018/19 the number of first-time buyers reached a 12-year annual high, and increased by over 87% since 2010/1145. However, we need to do more to