meetings. In some circumstances it may be necessary to meet very frequently, but much will depend on the size of the club and the nature of the activities undertaken by it. The liaison officer and the local police should, therefore, agree between themselves how information is to be supplied and with what frequency and how often they should meet, but this must not be less than once each year. 3. Behaviour that might give rise to wellbeing concerns might include, but is not restricted to: erratic or unusual behaviour domestic abuse (concerns that the member has been a victim or perpetrator) divorce/separation/relationship difficulties known financial pressures alcohol and/or drug abuse medical/ill health concerns such as: severe stress caused by trauma suicidal thoughts or self-harm to self or others depression or anxiety dementia any other medical or physical condition which may affect safe use of firearms All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018. (See end of Document for details) Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018 2018 CHAPTER 23 An Act to make provision about offences when perpetrated against emergency workers, and persons assisting such workers; to make certain offences aggravated when perpetrated against such workers in the exercise of their duty; and for connected purposes. [13th September 2018] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:Ñ Aggravation 1 Common assault and battery (1) The section applies to an offence of common assault, or battery, that is committed against an emergency worker acting in the exercise of functions as such a worker. (2) A person guilty of an offence to which this section applies is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F1the general limit in a magistratesÕ court], or to a fine, or to both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F22 years], or to a fine, or to both. (3) For the purposes of subsection (1), the circumstances in which an offence is to be taken as committed against a person acting in the exercise of functions as an emergency worker include circumstances where the offence takes place at a time when the person is not at work but is carrying out functions which, if done in work time, would have been in the exercise of functions as an emergency worker. (1) (4) In relation to an offence committed before [F32 May 2022], the reference in subsection (2)(a) to [F4the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] is to be read as a reference to 6 months. (5) In consequence of subsections (1) to (3), in section 39 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 (which provides for common assault and