done is done in the presence of the victim; 30 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes whether that act is done to the victim himself or to another person; and whether or not the intention to cause the course of justice to be obstructed, perverted or interfered with is the predominating intention of the person doing the act in question. If, in proceedings against a person for an offence under this section, it is proved— that he did any act that intimidated, and was intended to intimidate, another person, and that he did that act knowing or believing that that other person was or might be a witness in any relevant proceedings that had already commenced, he shall be presumed, unless the contrary is shown, to have done the act with the intention of causing the course of justice to be obstructed, perverted or interfered with. A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable— on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or to both; on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum, or to both. References in this section to a witness, in relation to any proceedings, include references to a person who provides, or is able to provide, any information or any document or other thing which might be used as evidence in those proceedings or which (whether or not admissible as evidence in those proceedings)— might tend to confirm evidence which will be or might be admitted in those proceedings; might be referred to in evidence given in those proceedings by another witness; or might be used as the basis for any cross examination in the course of those proceedings. References in this section to doing an act include references to issuing any threat (whether against a person or his finances or property or otherwise), or making any other statement. This section is in addition to, and not in derogation of, any offence subsisting at common law. Harming witnesses etc. A person commits an offence if, in circumstances falling within subsection (2)— he does an act which harms, and is intended to harm, another person; or intending to cause another person to fear harm, he threatens to do an act which would harm that other person. The circumstances fall within this subsection if— the person doing or threatening to do the act does so