and other staff concerned and their families where appropriate. ? 7.3 Role of Independent Investigatory Authority 7.3.1 In the case of death or serious injury, and in other cases to be defined by regulations made by the Secretary of State, referral to the IIA is mandatory. But chief officers should also consult the IIA: ? where required to do so by any guidance issued by the IIA ? in any case where the weapon used was under trial or evaluation as provided for at paragraph 5.3.3 ? in any other case on a voluntary basis where the gravity of the incident or its special circumstances, including the reaction of the local community, requires consideration of a formal investigation. 7.3.2 When considering an investigation connected with police use of weapons covered by this code, chief officers should consult the IIA to enable the IIA to determine, in accordance with Part 3 of Schedule 3 to the Police Reform Act 2002, whether such investigation is necessary and, if so, the form which the investigation will take. 7.4 Community impact 7.4.1 Chief officers should ensure that the need for community impact assessment is considered where weapons covered by this code are deployed (See paragraph 3.4.6). In a post-incident context the community impact assessment should take particular account of affected families, relatives or close friends of any persons who may be involved. It should also take account of the potential to compromise the investigation. 7.4.2 There should be early consideration of the involvement of family liaison officers, and of the need to keep relevant individuals informed. 7.4.3 The chief officer should consider the involvement of community representatives as part of post-incident procedures or any subsequent investigation or review. 1.1.1 8 Promulgation of learning 8.1 Promulgation of good practice 8.1.1 The police service should seek continuous development through the assessment of police practices relating to armed policing and less lethal weapons. Such developments should be made available throughout the police service, including to those responsible at national level for evaluation and approval of weapons, tactics and training procedures. 8.1.2 For that purpose, chief officers must arrange a review or debrief following any operation where there is any reason to believe that such a review might identify improvements in procedures within the same force or in other forces. 8.1.3 Chief officers must ensure that the College of Policing and NPCC are informed where issues are identified that may have implications for: ? other forces ? Authorised Professional Practice ? the NPFTC. This is particularly important for safety critical issues. 8.1.4 The police service should ensure that arrangements are in place to capture learning and recommendations relevant to armed policing (including relevant learning from the military and other countries). This should include a mechanism to ensure central coordination of learning, consideration of recommendations and maintaining an audit of the police serviceÕs response. 8.1.5 Operational learning and debriefing should inform the APSTRA process. 8.2 Safety critical incidents in training 8.2.1 Where an incident occurs in training that that