it. Access to any document, other than the Òstatement of caseÓ requires the permission of the court. Permission must be applied for, by way of a Part 23 application.25 Where a case is transferred to the County Court or High Court on the respondentÕs reaching the age of 18, anything done in or in relation to the case in the Youth Court will have effect as if it had been done in the County or the High Court.26 The originating process in the Youth Court (the application) would fall to be treated as if it had been the originating process (the claim form) in the County or High Court. That is, the Youth Court application is therefore considered to be a Òstatement of caseÓ. Anything else in the file would fall outside the general rule and would require permission of the court for a non-party to have access to it. 9.7.2. Reporting restrictions Gang injunction proceedings in the Youth Court are subject to automatic reporting restrictions by virtue of section 49 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (CYPA). However, section 49 does allow certain matters to be reported in relation to a child or young person so long as this is not likely to lead members of the public to identify them as someone concerned in proceedings.27 24 Paragraph (1) of rule 5.4C 25 Rule 5.4D 26 Paragraph 1A of Practice Direction 65 27 Available at https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/421538/moj- circular-youth-reporting-restrictions.pdf 34 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 9.7.3. Public Interest Immunity applications All evidence which is to be relied upon during an application must be disclosed to the other side. The only exception to this is in cases where a Public Interest Immunity (ÔPIIÕ) application has been made and granted. A PII application must be made in accordance with Rule 31.19 of the Civil Procedure Rules, which enables an application to be made, Ôwithout noticeÕ, for an order permitting the applicant to withhold disclosure of a document on the ground that disclosure would damage the public interest. PII applications must present a considered case as to why disclosure of the particular document would damage the public interest. Where possible, injunction applicants should consider whether a PII application is appropriate well in advance of court hearings. 9.8. Legal aid for respondents Legally aided representation for respondents is available as part of the civil legal aid scheme, subject to means and merits tests. A solicitor, or a member of a law centre or Citizens Advice Bureau, will be able to advise respondents whether they are eligible for legal aid funding. Applicants can also check their financial eligibility for legal aid by using the online eligibility calculator, which is available at www.justice.gov.uk/legal-aid. If a solicitor is willing to act for the respondent, they will be able to apply for funding on their behalf. The civil legal aid scheme is administered by the Legal Aid Agency. Information about which solicitors undertake legally aided work can be found via the