tested with explicit guidance for the user on its composite construction and wear instructions; • re-submitted for certification when any modification is made to the certified scalable solution. 3.3. Sizing, coverage, covers and carriers 3.3.1. Sizing The armour shall be available in a range of sizes to ensure a close fit to the userÕs body and allow for variation in size and build of the end-user population. It shall also be adjustable to ensure fit against body and accommodate a modest variation in the size of the end-user. Feathering at the sides of the protective panels may be adopted to enhance the comfort of the body armour. 3.3.2. Coverage Body armour should provide protection to the vital organs. A formal coverage assessment is not included in this standard; however, this should be addressed as part of any police procurement. Guidelines on coverage requirements are presented in the 2017 Home Office Body Armour Standard (2017) Ð Guidance (Publication No. 039/17). CAST reserves the right to evaluate and review certification of any armour based on its coverage against these guidelines. 3.3.3. Armour covers Covers enclosing the protective panels shall be waterproof to a hydrostatic head of 5,000 mm in accordance with ISO 811:1981 and fully sealed unless the manufacturer can provide evidence to CAST that adequately demonstrates the protective materials are not affected by moisture.3 Where the body armour contains plates with affixed protective elements or backing materials, these shall be securely adhered to the plate such that they could not be inconspicuously removed. The armour covers provided for certification shall be identical to those sold. If, post certification, a manufacturer wishes to add any additional covers to the panels, they shall inform CAST. Such covers shall conform to the labelling requirements of Section 3.4. Any subsequent batch or PQT shall be performed without this additional cover. 3 This evidence is not the same as the optional pre-conditioning wet testing specified in certification. 3.3.4. Armour carriers If the protective panels are to be inserted into a carrier, it may be of overt or covert design. The design of the carrier may differ according to the requirements of the end-user; however, it shall ensure that the panels are held securely against the body over the intended part of the torso. Where possible, the protective panels should be removable from the armour carrier to permit laundering. Assessment of the operational armour carrier is not always required as part of certification testing. Where a carrier is required for testing (e.g. plates in conjunction with unformed armour), it shall be specified explicitly in the relevant sections. In these instances, protective panels submitted for testing shall be provided in a plain, single-layer armour carrier of areal density not exceeding 220 g.m-2. All zips on the armour carrier shall be covered to reduce the risk of fragmentation injury from bullet impacts. CAST reserve the right to specify additional assessments of the operational carrier if deemed necessary. 3.4. Labelling 3.4.1. General requirements A label shall be securely fixed to