and Social Care Department provides health emergency planning policy guidance to the NHS and works with the Department of Health in reviewing and developing health resilience. 11.1. Information sharing 11.18. Where appropriate, the WRF will play a part, in co-ordinating the request for information between Category 1 and 2 responders in Wales. In this way, the WRF can be used as a vehicle for consideration of information sharing issues which affect a range of responders across Wales. Business continuity management 11.19. As in England, Category 1 responders in Wales will maintain plans to ensure that they can continue to exercise their functions in the event of an emergency, so far as is reasonably practicable. Welsh civil contingencies framework Pan-Wales planning 11.20. Two discrete types of planning are undertaken at the pan-Wales level. The first type of planning supports emergency preparedness through capability development; the second supports response arrangements at the Wales level. Wales Resilience Forum (WRF) 11.21. The principal mechanism for multi-agency co-operation at the Wales level is the WRF. 11.22. The WRF has senior representation from the Welsh Government, Cabinet Office, local authorities, the emergency services, the armed forces, the Environment Agency Wales, NHS Wales, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and the Health and Safety Executive. The forum considers planning and preparation matters and it functions in 11.1. a similar way to multi - LRF groupings in England but with a higher level of political involvement as a consequence of devolved responsibilities. 11.23. The WRF works alongside other elements of the multi-agency civil protection framework at the local and UK government levels. However, this framework is not a hierarchy. LRFs in Wales are not subordinate to the WRF. Communication and co-ordination flow in both directions. The LRFs operate in a similar way to their counterparts in England. Wales Resilience Forum business plan 11.24. The strategic framework for capability development in Wales is set out in the Wales Resilience Forum Business Plan which is produced on an annual basis. The primary objective of the Business Plan is to clearly identify the relationship between planning for emergencies at the local, Wales and UK levels and to co-ordinate this work. The Business Plan ensures that co-ordination work at the pan-Wales level adds value to work being undertaken at other levels. At the core of the plan is a Wales Resilience Partnership Team, established to co-ordinate civil protection work in Wales. Local Resilience Forums 11.25. As in England, the Act necessitated a restructuring of joint-agency planning in Wales resulting in the creation of LRFs in South Wales, Gwent, North Wales and Dyfed-Powys Police Force areas. The LRFs are supported by co-ordinating groups, sub-groups or task and finish groups established to develop various capabilities or set specific targets in strengthening local resilience through multi-agency collaboration. 11.1. Joint Emergency Services Group 11.26. The Joint Emergency Services Group brings together all the emergency services and armed forces in Wales to consider how to meet their duties collectively under the Act, and how to take forward their