weapons to be sold or transferred to other firearm holders. They may, however, be deactivated. o SCGC weapon owners wishing to surrender their weapons can do so to the police or a Registered Firearm Dealer (RFD) in possession of a Home Office approval for section 5(1)(af) weapons. Those RFDs with the relevant Home Office approval may also repair or deactivate such firearms. viii) any rifle with a chamber from which empty cartridge cases are extracted using: (i) energy from propellant gas, or (ii) energy imparted to a spring or other energy storage device by propellant gas, other than a rifle which is chambered for .22 rim-fire cartridges (section 5(1)(ag)); o Section 5(1)(ag) applies to rifles such as the VZ 58 Manually Actuated Release System (MARS) rifle and the Southern Gun Company SGC lever release rifle. These rifles are considered more dangerous than other firearms because they can discharge rounds at a much faster rate than conventional bolt-action rifles which may be held on a firearm certificate. ix) any weapon of whatever description designed or adapted for the discharge of any noxious liquid, gas or other thing (section 5(1)(b)); o The courts have held that stun guns are prohibited weapons under the terms of section 5(1)(b) of the 1968 Act (Flack v Baldry (1988) 1 All.ER 673). Anyone wishing to possess, purchase, acquire, manufacture, sell or transfer these and similar weapons, which give off an electrical discharge, must apply for the Secretary of StateÕs authority. o Cattle prods are not considered to be within this category because they are not designed or adapted as weapons. This section not only includes flamethrowers and poison gas projectors, but also personal protection sprays using CS, Mace or OC pepper. 22 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law o Additionally, it covers dart guns and blowpipes for shooting drugged or poisoned darts (but see section 8 of the 1997 Act which provides an exemption from the need for authority to possess such weapons provided they are held on a firearm certificate conditioned to allow their use for the tranquilising or otherwise treating of any animal). x) any device (commonly known as a bump stock) which is designed or adapted so that: (i) it is capable of forming part of or being added to a self-loading lethal barrelled weapon (as defined in section 57(1B) and (2A)), and (ii) if it forms part of or is added to such a weapon, it increases the rate of fire of the weapon by using the recoil from the weapon to generate repeated pressure on the trigger (section 5(1)(ba)); o Section 5(1)(ba) covers bump stocks, which significantly increase the rate of fire of self-loading rifles. xi) any cartridge with a bullet designed to explode on or immediately before impact, any ammunition containing or designed or adapted to contain any such noxious thing as is mentioned in (ix) above and, if capable of being used with a firearm of any description, any grenade, bomb or other like missile, or rocket or shell designed