the outcome of any criminal investigation. If a member of the public is not satisfied with the manner in which their complaint has been dealt with they may appeal to the relevant appeal body (Chief Constable) or the IOPC. The complainant cannot appeal where there has been a finding of case to answer and action has been taken as a result of this finding. Should there be a finding of no case to answer following an investigation and they are not happy with this finding, they may appeal this decision and have a period of 28 days to do this on notification of the decision. The IOPC can direct the organisation to take further action, including disciplinary action, against an employee. This is however a direction (recommendation), and therefore any such action will be taken in accordance with this procedure. When arranging disciplinary hearings and providing notice of such, special arrangements may have to be made where employees work in isolated locations or on shifts extending beyond the normal office hours. The welfare of the employee will always be given primary consideration. Whilst the presumption will be that any warning or dismissal issued in accordance with this procedure will be confidential, disclosure may be necessary in accordance with the policies of the organisation, statutory or court requirements. Investigations against police staff and management intervention can be carried out simultaneously. Table of Contents 6 INVESTIGATION PRINCIPLES No disciplinary action will be taken against an employee until the case has been investigated and all relevant facts have been considered. An appropriate Manager or Investigating Officer from Professional Standards will be appointed to investigate the allegation. Suspension from duty on full pay, or transfer to another role or department may be considered as a precautionary measure during the investigation (see section 11). The investigation should aim to be completed at the earliest opportunity. The investigation into a public complaint should if reasonably practicable, be completed within 90 days and be subject to regular reviews within that time frame in accordance with IOPC guidelines. In the event of a perceived breach of the Standards of Professional Behaviour, it may be necessary to seek specialist advice which should be sought at the earliest opportunity. This is to ensure that appropriate advice is provided regarding the nature and seriousness of the breach, and to consider if any criminal investigation is necessary. The investigator will give the member of staff a Ôwritten noticeÕ informing them of the investigation. This will be supplied at the earliest opportunity and no later than 4 weeks except in exceptional circumstances, such as where disclosure may prejudice an on- going criminal investigation. Within 10 working days of receipt of the Ôwritten noticeÕ (unless the period is extended by mutual agreement), the staff member (or representative) may provide an explanation or a written report and or any relevant documents. This will be supplied to the investigator. At all stages of disciplinary hearings and interviews, the employee will have the right to be accompanied