attend (Firearms; CSI; CID; SOLO etc.) • Issues that might affect the safety of staff deployed to the scene. • 4.4 Call centre staff will be in a position to provide immediate safety advice to the victim to minimise any immediate threat and explain what the police response will be and what happens next. 4.5 All storm logs will be closed to Niche as either a crime (in the event of a Hate Crime being identified) or as a Crime Related Incident (in the event of a Hate Incident but not a Hate Crime being identified). Full details of the incident or crime will be recorded on Niche. The M.O. field must reflect the type of hatred or prejudice reported. The ethnicity, religion, disability and sexual orientation of the victim should be recorded within Niche, according to the type of hate crime or hate incident being reported. Tasks created should be recorded as a ÔhighÕ priority where there is a high threat/harm/risk. Note: where an individual has full recognition under the Gender Recognition Act 2004, the act of disclosure may itself be a criminal offence. Full details of the prohibition on disclosure of information can be found in section 22 of the Gender Recognition Act 2004. These same principles should be applied to all victims and any disclosure should be discussed with the victim in advance. SUPERVISION 5.1 Incidents where a Hate Crime is identified will be attended by a Police Officer or Police staff dependant on the THRIVE+ assessment made by the call taker, there will be incidents where attendance will be agreed in the form of an appointment or similar. 5.2 An officer of at least the rank of Sergeant must be informed that there has been a report of a Hate Crime or a Hate incident where there is an element of threat, harm or risk. This should in practice be a uniform Sergeant responsible for the resources in the area where the incident has occurred. 5.3 Where a report of Hate Crime is of a serious or complex nature, CID will be informed and unless exceptional circumstances prevail, they will attend the scene to direct resources and commence a thorough investigation. A crime will be a serious or complex one if, aside from the hate element, this type of crime would be investigated by the CID. If there is any doubt the duty Detective Sergeant at the investigative hub in question should be consulted. 5.4 The CCC will seek to identify if the caller is a repeat victim by conducting research on Wiltshire Police databases. This includes assessing if the family of the victim or their community (both geographic and cultural) have previously been subject to similar crimes or incidents. This information must be passed onto the attending officers so that they can properly assess the situation. 5.5 Staff attending the scene should seek to identify the victim and provide immediate reassurance by demonstrating how seriously Wiltshire Police take these incidents. Staff should obtain as much