Commanders in the metropolitan police force), there shall be inserted— “9FA Appointment and removal of Deputy Assistant Commissioners The ranks that may be held in the metropolitan police force shall include that of Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (“Deputy Assistant Commissioner”). Any appointment of a Deputy Assistant Commissioner shall be made by the Metropolitan Police Authority, but subject to the approval of the Secretary of State and to regulations under section 50. Subsections (1) to (3) of section 9E shall apply in relation to a Deputy Assistant Commissioner as they apply in relation to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. Subsection (3) of this section is without prejudice to— any regulations under section 50, or 94 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes any regulations under the Police Pensions Act 1976 (c. 35).” In section 9H(2) of that Act (ranks that may be held in the metropolitan police force), for “and” at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be substituted— “(ca) Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, and”. F247. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Appointment and removal of deputy chief constables After section 11 of the 1996 Act (appointment and removal of chief constables), there shall be inserted— “11A Appointment and removal of deputy chief constables Every police force maintained under section 2 shall have a deputy chief constable. The appointment of a person to be the deputy chief constable of a police force shall be made, in accordance with regulations under section 50, by the police authority responsible for maintaining that force, but only after consultation with the chief constable and subject to the approval of the Secretary of State. Subsections (2) to (4) of section 11 shall apply in relation to a deputy chief constable as they apply in relation to a chief constable.” In section 13 of that Act (ranks that may be held in police forces)— in subsection (1), after “chief constable” there shall be inserted “ , deputy chief constable ”; and subsection (2) shall be omitted. F248. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Power of deputy to exercise functions of chief constable In section 12 of the 1996 Act (assistant chief constable), subsections (4)