Perpetrators can try to exploit a victim’s addictions. With drugs or alcohol, a perpetrator may try to sustain a victim’s dependency or threaten to expose this to professionals. This can be particularly threatening to victims with children, or those from cultural backgrounds where drinking alcohol or misusing substances may be particularly condemned. Case research on perpetrators has shown that first responders can find it difficult to correctly identify perpetrators of abuse due to a tendency to see the perpetrator as the individual who is abusing alcohol.72 Alcohol use by women has in other studies been found to be a response to experience of abuse from partners. Alcohol is also used by male victims as a coping mechanism.73 See also the section on 'Alcohol and substance misuse'. Offending There are links between women’s experience of domestic abuse and offending and reoffending. Data from the Ministry of Justice suggests that 57% of female offenders and 6% of male offenders have suffered domestic violence.74 Women can be coerced or pressured into criminal activity by perpetrators, increasing their vulnerability and the risk of further abuse. This situation is often worsened by poverty, substance dependency or poor mental health. Women in prison are more than twice as likely as men to say they have committed offences to support someone else’s drug use as well as their own.75 More than half (53%) of female and a quarter (27%) of male prisoners responding to the Surveying Prisoner Crime Reduction Survey (SPCR) reported experiencing emotional, physical, or sexual abuse during childhood.76 Some victims may come into contact with the criminal justice system where they have used violent resistance in self- defence. Data has shown that many women who kill their partners were themselves victims of often sustained and violent, domestic abuse by those partners.77 Consideration of what age-appropriate, gender and trauma-informed responses to girls and young women at risk of domestic abuse whilst in contact with the criminal justice system entails (including examples of good practice) is included in the Young Women’s Justice Project Literature Review. The link between domestic abuse and a woman’s offending should be recognised at the earliest opportunity to divert women from the criminal justice system, where this is appropriate. 72 Hester, M. Who Does What to Whom? Gender and Domestic Violence Perpetrators, Bristol: University of Bristol in association with the Northern Rock Foundation: 2009. 73 Humphreys, C, Regan, L, River, D, & Thiara RK. Domestic Violence and Substance Use: Tackling Complexity, British Journal of Social Work: 2005: 35, 1303-1320. 74 Ministry of Justice. Supporting data tables: Female Offender Strategy: Data from 2013 to 2018. 2018. 75 Light, M., Grant, E., & Hopkins, K. Gender differences in substance misuse and mental health amongst prisoners: Results from the Surveying Prisoner Crime Reduction (SPCR) longitudinal cohort study of prisoners. Ministry of Justice. 76 Williams, K, Papadopoulou, V, Booth, N. Prisoners’ childhood and family backgrounds: Results from the Surveying Prisoner Crime Reduction (SPCR) longitudinal cohort study of prisoners: Ministry of Justice: 2012. 77 Centre for Women’s Justice.