this shaped backing, the backing material in its mould shall be positioned with the rear face facing upwards in the mould support container (drawing ref. M100879/M100884) (Figure 14). It is recommended that the mould is lined with plastic wrap film during this process to allow ease of removal after calibration. The calibration consists of a free fall drop of the sphere onto the rear of the shaped backing material either using a guidance system (e.g. tube of length no greater than 200 mm) or a remote drop mechanism (e.g. electromagnet). One drop shall be performed on the back of each bust cup (the most built up areas). The arithmetic mean of the two depressions shall be 7 ± 2 mm measured from the top edges of the mould with no single measurement less than 5 mm or greater than 9 mm. If the backing material response is not within these limits, it should be re-conditioned and re- calibrated prior to use. Figure 14: Shaped torso backing material calibration configuration Cavities in the Plastiline¨ 40 caused by calibration shall be filled with Plastiline¨ 40 that has been kept in the same heated enclosure as the shaped backing. It shall be pressed firmly into the cavities and smoothed manually before the rear surface of the form is scraped flat. The form may be used immediately following calibration and repair. Any testing using the calibrated backing material shall be conducted within 1 hour of calibration. 6.6.3. Test methods 6.6.3.1. Mounting of formed armour The moulded Plastiline¨ 40 female form shall be mounted vertically in the appropriate bust holders (drawing ref. M100831/M100832) against a rigid, upright support, such that the line of flight of the bullet is perpendicular to the flat rear face of the holder (Figure 15). Figure 15: Plastiline¨ 40 female busts in wooden bust holders Unformed armour intended for use by female end-users shall be fitted to the female-shaped backing material and tested in accordance with Section 6.6.3.2. The protective panel, in its carrier, shall be mounted onto the form using its own straps ensuring proper fit over the busts, lining the centremost point of the neck line up with the corresponding position on the form centrally between the busts. Additional strapping may be used where deemed necessary to achieve proper fitting, though care should be taken to ensure the panel is not unnaturally constrained; this shall be noted in the test report provided to CAST. Note that air gaps are likely to be present between the protective panel and the female form; this is acceptable. 6.6.3.2. Test shots For each test series on formed armour, a standard shot pattern shall be adopted. The standard shot pattern has four shots at the following locations: the left bust tip, right bust tip, top and bottom (in this shot order). Prior to testing, shot locations shall be marked on the formed armour surface (Figure 16) in accordance with the following procedure: a) Bust tips (most pronounced positions) and the horizontal midpoint between them