of Policing, 2015). Therefore, in order to strike an appropriate balance between competing priorities and tight budget constraints, police forces are seeking to identify major resource consumers in order to understand how they can be addressed to reduce the strain on the service. Traditionally, reported crime statistics have served as a basis for police resource management analyses as a measure of workload (Wilson, 2012). However recently, the College of Policing (2015) have reported that forces feel that the use of reported crime statistics in this way is inadequate: such statistics only reflect what is commonly referred to as Ôtraditional police businessÕ (typically associated with criminal offences and could rarely be solved by other agencies) and fail to consider that the ever increasing level of Ônon-traditional police businessÕ being dealt with by officers on a daily basis is also likely affect demand (Wilson, 2012). Despite evidence to suggest that crime has been decreasing since 1995 and that calls for police service received through the emergency Ô999Õ number has decreased by 23% since their peak in 2006/7, there is a widespread perception across UK forces that the demand on officers and staff has been, at least, maintained (College of Policing, 2015). This effect may reflect a combination of the increase in certain serious and complex crime types (i.e. violence against the person, shoplifting, sexual offense, fraud and public order), the high number of convictions (nearly 1 million) and penalty notices (34,000) issued for non-notifiable offences, and the 14% (35,000) reduction in Police officers and staff in 2014 (College of Policing, 2015). Nonetheless, there have been few empirical studies that can fully account for and describe the current public demand profile on the UK police service. Previous research that has examined citizen demand for police services has typically found that the majority of police calls (between 80% - 90%) were not directly related to crime prevention or control, but instead involved resolving disputes, noncriminal behaviour complaints and requesting public service assistance (Hill and Paynich, 2014; Johnson and Rhodes, 2009). However, whilst this statistic is strongly supported, it is important to consider the context of these calls. Her MajestyÕs Inspectorate of the Constabulary (2012) state that despite not currently being classed as crime fighting activity, at least 80% of the officers time is spent dealing with incidents that involve protecting people from becoming victims of crime or to prevent crimes occurring. Supporting this, the College of Policing (2015) have recently reported that the demand generated by public safety and welfare incidents is increasing, and within some forces represents the largest number of reported incidents. This suggests that there have been significant changes in the basic focus of policing from conventional reactive policing (i.e. crime detection and control, order maintenance, registering and investigating crime, patrolling and responding to emergency calls) to proactive community policing (HMIC, 2012; Vinod Kumar, 2014). Based on the theoretical framework of the Broken Windows theory (Wilson and Kelling, 1982), community policing seeks to address minor offences in order to prevent more