offences one and two from 2013, we estimate that approximately 80% of all cases will be tried in the magistratesÕ court and 20% in the Crown Court where the CPS, HMCTS and LAA costs tend to be higher. Proxy offences one and two were used because experience suggests that the nature of the item possessed is likely to impact of the perceived seriousness of the offence, and will therefore have a greater on impact on where the defendant is tried than where the offence was committed. 37. Using data from proxy offence three, we estimate that approximately 80% of defendants will be found guilty. Offence three was used because experience suggested that where the alleged offence was committed would have a greater impact on the likelihood of conviction than the nature of the article possessed. 38. As the offence is committed whilst in custody, we assume that all convicted offenders will be given immediate custody and that custodial sentences are served consecutively. Using data from 2013 for proxy offences one and two, we assume that offenders will be given average custodial sentence length (ACSL) of approximately six months. We use proxy offences one and two because they have the same maximum penalty (four years imprisonment) as the proposed offence (offence threeÕs maximum penalty is two years imprisonment). 39. Based on the above assumptions we estimate total yearly costs to the wider CJS (including the CPS, HMCTS, LAA and NOMS) of between £200,000 and £600,000,.7 40. The estimated volumes include referrals and prosecutions for both adult and juveniles found to possess offensive weapons. We have not independently assessed the costs of additional proceedings and convictions in the youth estate as the proportion of under 18Õs in the estate is very small. It is worth noting that the cost of detaining an under 18 is likely to be substantially higher than the costs for an adult. However, given the relatively small number of under 18s in the estate, the additional costs of the new offence to the youth estate is expected to be minimal. 41. Further information on all cost estimates above can be found in the assumptions and risks section below. 5 In section 139 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988. Triable either way offence with a maximum penalty of four yearsÕ imprisonment. 6 In section 1 of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953. Triable either way offence with a maximum penalty of four yearsÕ imprisonment. 7 In 2013/14 prices and rounded to the nearest £50k. 1 42. There may also be some minimal one-off costs associated with training and familiarisation for the police, the judiciary and NOMs (i.e. prison staff), it has not been possible to quantify these. Benefits 43. The main benefit of creating the proposed offence is that it will bring possession of knife and other offensive weapons in prison in line with possession in a public place. 44. Aligning the maximum penalties will allow longer custodial sentences to be given in more serious cases and in such