force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 273 (a) securing, or assisting an officer or another designated person to secure, the detention of a person detained at a police station in the relevant police area, or (b) escorting within a police station in the relevant police area, or assisting an officer or another designated person to escort within such a police station, a person detained there.] [F100033D Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he is authorised to carry out the duty underÑ (a) section 55 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 of informing a person who is to be subject to an intimate search under that section of the matters of which he is required to be informed in pursuance of subsection (3B) of that section; (b) section 55A of that Act of informing a person who is to be subject to x-ray or ultrasound (as the case may be) under that section of the matters of which he is required to be informed in pursuance of subsection (3) of that section.] PART 4 ESCORT OFFICERS Power to take an arrested person to a police station 34 (1) Where a designation applies this paragraph to any personÑ (a) the persons who, in the case of a person arrested by a constable in the relevant police area, are authorised for the purposes of [F1001subsection (1A) of section 30] of the 1984 Act (procedure on arrest of person elsewhere than at a police station) to take the person arrested to a police station in that area shall include that person; (b) that section shall have effect in relation to the exercise by that person of the power conferred by virtue of paragraph (a) as if the references to a constable in subsections (3), (4)(a) and (10) (but not the references in subsections (5) to (9)) included references to that person; and (c) a person who is taking another person to a police station in exercise of the power conferred by virtue of paragraph (a)Ñ (i) shall be treated for all purposes as having that person in his lawful custody; (ii) shall be under a duty [F1002to keep the person under control and] to prevent his escape; and (i) 274 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (iii) shall be