on a case-by-case basis. The DVDS includes two routes for disclosing information: “Right to Ask” is triggered by a member of the public (“A” or someone acting on behalf of “A”) applying to the police for a disclosure; and “Right to Know” is triggered by the police making a proactive decision to disclose information to protect a potential victim (“A or someone acting on behalf of A”). The DVDS was implemented across all police forces in England and Wales in March 2014. Once brought into force, section 77(1) of the 2021 Act will place a duty on the Secretary of State to issue guidance to chief officers of police about DVDS. Section 77(2) imposes a duty on chief officers of police to have regard to guidance issued under section 77(1). Placing a statutory duty on the police to have regard to the guidance, which means they must have a good, clear reason to depart from it, will help raise awareness of the scheme, increase the number of disclosures made to prevent harm and ensure that the scheme is used and applied consistently across all police forces. There is existing non-statutory guidance on the DVDS scheme, this guidance will be updated and re-issued as statutory guidance later in 2022. Bail Bail conditions are an important means of supporting the positive action of arrest. They offer protection for the alleged victim and witnesses while criminal offences are investigated or during criminal proceedings. If a suspect breaches bail conditions, they should be swiftly held to account. Bail can be applied for both pre-charge and post- charge: Pre-charge bail: Perpetrators may be released from police custody and subject to pre-charge bail before being charged, if it is necessary and proportionate to do so. If it is not necessary and proportionate to release on bail and there are no grounds for Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance further detention of the suspect, the suspect must either be ‘Released Under Investigation’ or released with ‘No Further Action’ taken. If released on bail, appropriate bail conditions can be applied if it is necessary in the circumstances, for instance to protect the suspect interfering with witnesses.189 In domestic abuse cases, police should consider that a suspect Released Under Investigation will not be subject to any conditions. This can lead the alleged victim to feel unprotected, particularly if they live with the suspect and the suspect is able to return home. Such circumstances can increase the likelihood of victims fleeing their homes or withdrawing their support for investigations. These potential outcomes should be balanced against the impact of release on bail with conditions on the suspect. A suspect who breaches pre-charge bail conditions can be arrested and released again on the same bail conditions. Protective Notices and Orders can also be used where not already in place, further detail is provided at Annex D, which summarises different protective orders that can be issued.190 The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill will reform the law around pre-charge bail and includes