to request an advisory opinion of the Court shall require a majority vote of the representatives entitled to sit on the committee. ARTICLE 48 Advisory jurisdiction of the Court The Court shall decide whether a request for an advisory opinion submitted by the Committee of Ministers is within its competence as defined in Article 47. ARTICLE 49 Reasons for advisory opinions 1. Reasons shall be given for advisory opinions of the Court. 2. If the advisory opinion does not represent, in whole or in part, the unanimous opinion of the judges, any judge shall be entitled to deliver a separate opinion. 3. Advisory opinions of the Court shall be communicated to the Committee of Ministers. ARTICLE 50 Expenditure on the Court The expenditure on the Court shall be borne by the Council of Europe. ARTICLE 51 Privileges and immunities of judges The judges shall be entitled, during the exercise of their functions, to the privileges and immunities provided for in Article 40 of the Statute of the Council of Europe and in the agreements made thereunder. SECTION III MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS ARTICLE 52 Inquiries by the Secretary General On receipt of a request from the Secretary General of the Council of Europe any High Contracting Party shall furnish an explanation of the manner in which its internal law ensures the effective implementation of any of the provisions of the Convention. ARTICLE 53 Safeguard for existing human rights Nothing in this Convention shall be construed as limiting or derogating from any of the human rights and fundamental freedoms which may be ensured under the laws of any High Contracting Party or under any other agreement to which it is a party. ARTICLE 54 Powers of the Committee of Ministers Nothing in this Convention shall prejudice the powers conferred on the Committee of Ministers by the Statute of the Council of Europe. ARTICLE 55 Exclusion of other means of dispute settlement The High Contracting Parties agree that, except by special agreement, they will not avail themselves of treaties, conventions or declarations in force between them for the purpose of submitting, by way of petition, a dispute arising out of the interpretation or application of this Convention to a means of settlement other than ARTICLE 56 Territorial application 1. Any State may at the time of its ratification or at any time thereafter declare by notification addressed to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe that the present Convention shall, subject to paragraph 4 of this Article, extend to all or any of the territories for whose international relations it is responsible. 2. The Convention shall extend to the territory or territories named in the notification as from the thirtieth day after the receipt of this notification by the Secretary General of the Council of Europe. 3. The provisions of this Convention shall be applied in such territories with due regard, however, to local requirements. 4. Any State which has made a declaration in accordance with paragraph 1 of this Article may at