the Convention and its Protocols as well as the complete list of declarations and reservations are available at www.conventions.coe.int. Only the English and French versions of the Convention are authentic. European Court of Human Rights Council of Europe 67075 Strasbourg cedex France Contents Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms 5 Protocol 33 Protocol No. 4 36 Protocol No. 6 40 Protocol No. 7 44 Protocol No. 12 50 Protocol No. 13 54 Protocol No. 16 58 Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms Rome, 4.XI.1950 The GovernmenTs siGnaTory hereTo, being members of the Council of Europe, Considering the Universal Declaration of Human Rights proclaimed by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 10th December 1948; Considering that this Declaration aims at securing the universal and effective recognition and observance of the Rights therein declared; Considering that the aim of the Council of Europe is the achievement of greater unity between its members and that one of the methods by which that aim is to be pursued is the maintenance and further realisation of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms; Reaffirming their profound belief in those fundamental freedoms which are the foundation of justice and peace in the world and are best maintained on the one hand by an effective political democracy and on the other by a common understanding and observance of the Human Rights upon which they depend; Being resolved, as the governments of European countries which are like-minded and have a common heritage of political traditions, ideals, freedom and the rule of law, to take the first steps for the collective enforcement of certain of the rights stated in the Universal Declaration, Affirming that the High Contracting Parties, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, have the primary responsibility to secure the rights and freedoms defined in this Convention and the Protocols thereto, and that in doing so they enjoy a margin of appreciation, subject to the supervisory jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights established by this Convention, Have agreed as follows: ARTICLE 1 Obligation to respect Human Rights The High Contracting Parties shall secure to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights and freedoms defined in Section I of this Convention. SECTION I RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS ARTICLE 2 Right to life 1. EveryoneÕs right to life shall be protected by law. No one shall be deprived of his life intentionally save in the execution of a sentence of a court following his conviction of a crime for which this penalty is provided by law. 2. Deprivation of life shall not be regarded as inflicted in contravention of this Article when it results from the use of force which is no more than absolutely necessary: (a) in defence of any person from unlawful violence; (b) in order to effect a lawful arrest or to prevent the escape (c) in action lawfully taken for the purpose of quelling a riot or insurrection. ARTICLE 3 Prohibition of torture No one shall be