and adaptive to the needs of communities whilst protecting our staff who serve them. With a dynamic ever changing staff base it is recognised that some people already in the Force or joining the Force may come with extended skill sets e.g. Doctors and Paramedics joining as Special Constables or Transferees from other force areas with additional extended skills e.g. PSU Medics. This procedure provides a framework to ensure: • Staff are supported in utilising their additional qualifications if required. • A consistent approach and appropriate equipment is available to staff through Consultation with Wiltshire Police First Aid Working Group. 2. Scope This procedure applies to all members of Wiltshire Police staff who are public facing and have an additional clinical/medical skill set. 3. Definitions Scope of practice Scope of practice describes the procedures, actions, and processes that a healthcare practitioner is permitted to undertake in keeping with the terms of their professional license. The scope of practice is limited to that which the law allows for specific education and experience, and specific demonstrated competency. Each jurisdiction has laws, licensing bodies, and regulations that describe requirements for education and training, and define scope of practice. Doctor Doctors are responsible for leading the care of patients. They evaluate symptoms, consider possible diagnoses, undertake examinations and tests, advise patients on treatment options and monitor the progress of treatment. If necessary, they will refer patients onwards to a specialist doctor or other health professional for further opinion. All doctors that work with patients in the UK must be registered with the GMC to undertake clinical practice. Since 2009, they are also required to have a medical licence to practice that gives a doctor the legal authority to undertake certain activities in the UK, for example prescribing medication. Doctors are described by the specialist area that they practice in, for example Emergency Medicine, and by the level of training and experience they have, which is called their grade e.g. Consultant. Paramedic A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance. The scope of practice of a paramedic will vary between countries, but generally includes autonomous decision making around the emergency care of patients. In some countries 'Paramedic' is a protected title and accountable to a professional regulatory body. In the United Kingdom Paramedics must be registered with the Health Care Professionals Council Clinical Governance This is defined as a system through which organisations such as Wiltshire Police are accountable for continuously improving the quality of their services and safeguarding high standards of care by creating an environment in which excellence in care delivered by officers will flourish. Clinical Governance Lead is Dr Rachel Oaten FRCEM BSc (Hons) Consultant in Emergency Medicine at Salisbury District Hospital. Other members of the governance group include members of staff from People Development, Operations, Health and Safety and a Paramedic who works locally with South Western Ambulance Service First Aid