Northern Ireland Act 1998, and (b) the provision does not affect, other than incidentally, a transferred matter (within the meaning of that Act). (10) Nothing in this paragraph prevents or restricts the holding of interviews to which regulations under this paragraph do not apply during the course of any investigation under this Schedule.Ó F1(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4) In section 108(7) (provisions of Act which extend to the United Kingdom) before paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(za) the provision contained in paragraph 19F of Schedule 3 (and any interpretative or other supplementary provision as it has effect for the purposes of that provision);Ó. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police (Complaints and Conduct) Act 2012. (See end of Document for details) 2 Application of Part 2 of the Police Reform Act 2002 to old cases (1) The Police Reform Act 2002 is amended as follows. (2) After section 28 insertÑ Ò28A Application of Part 2 to old cases (1) The Commission may, if it considers that there are exceptional circumstancesÑ (a) direct that a relevant transitional provision does not apply in relation to a pre-commencement matter, and (b) direct the appropriate authority to record the matter under this Part. (2) A Òpre-commencement matterÓ means a matter whichÑ (a) is a complaint or a conduct matter, (b) relates to conduct which took place, or circumstances which occurred, before 1 April 2004, and (c) (apart from this section) is prevented by a relevant transitional provision from being recorded under this Part as a complaint or a conduct matter. (3) ÒRelevant transitional provisionÓ means article 2, 3 or 4 of the Independent Police Complaints Commission (Transitional Provisions) Order 2004 (S.I. 2004/671). (4) The Commission may, if it considers that there are exceptional circumstances, direct that a matter to which subsection (5) applies should be treated as a conduct matter or a DSI matter. (5) This subsection applies to a matter whichÑ (a) relates to conduct which took place, or circumstances which occurred, before 1 April 2004, (b) has been the subject of a relevant complaint, and (c) would be a conduct matter or a DSI matter if it had not been the subject of a relevant complaint. (6) ÒRelevant complaintÓ meansÑ (a) a complaint made before 1 April 2004, or (b) a complaint made on or after that date to which a relevant transitional provision applied. (7) Where under subsection (1)(a) the Commission directs that a relevant transitional provision does not apply in relation to a pre-commencement matter, that provision does not apply in relation to that matter. (1) (8) The appropriate authority must comply with a direction under subsection (1) (b). (9) Where under subsection (4) the Commission directs that a matter should be treated as a conduct matter or a DSI matter, the matter is (subject to any