reimagining of data availability and governance will be required across disciplines to transform traditional practices and public acceptability. As for other infrastructure assets of national importance, the government has a key role in funding and providing data infrastructure. An important component to this should be in creating a cross- sectoral Information Management Framework that is AI-friendly and designed for clean, codified, real-time data so that it forms the best possible basis for private and public sector innovation. Trustworthy and accessible data AI thrives on data, and makes new demands on data collection, curation and use. The government should focus its plans to make more public sector data safely and securely available, being clear about which data will be increasingly available, under what conditions and on what timescale. In the private sector, while regulators have begun good work to audit AI for personal data protection compliance21, more work is needed to help businesses seeking to use data for AI by creating the conditions for the 21 deployment of suitable privacy enhancing technologies.22 This should be furthered by accelerating work on translating the intent of a data sharing agreement into an actionable legal framework, and establishing guidelines for legal frameworks around different data sharing structures such as trusts, cooperatives and contracts. It will be important to note that while some AI systems will continue to rely on access to the largest possible data sets, volume should not be the only priority for schemes to promote access: some of the next generation of AI technologies will be designed to work with much smaller data sets. This illustrates a more general principle which is that the detailed infrastructure needed to make AI work in different markets is often very context- specific, and the UK will need a National AI Strategy that links general principles to industry-specific arrangements of governance to enable innovation and growth. One need shared by many markets, however, is in establishing data infrastructure to permit companies to safely share and access data to develop common AI-related products. The public sector should lead the way with examples of good data sharing practices. Good AI research, development and innovation relies on a bedrock of good data practices and there is much to do to improve the current position. This includes embedding data principles such as FAIR (Findable, Accessible Interoperable, Reusable), adopting open licences where possible, working better with multi-modal data (big data, small data, noisy data, unstructured data) and enforcing an agreed supporting framework on what it means ethically and for society to share data for research purposes, and who owns it. Ultimately, developers of AI applications ought to consider the opening and sharing of research, analytics and data at the fundamental design stage. This should include encouraging digital research, development and innovation infrastructure, software and tools to be open and standardised; providing access to large-scale compute and data resources tuned to AI applications; and supporting the development and deployment of Trusted Research Environments, which enables collaboration and data access across several organisations.