2.1.1 Person Records Ð Detailed Data Standards Ð Entity Person Standard Ownership Notes No person should be created if another person record exists with the same: • Forename • Surname • DOB Plus either address, phone number, email, PNC ID etc Creator/ Linker If a duplicate record is created before an existing record is found please contact the DQT for review and possible merging Every personÕs filename must contain a forename and a surname. The surname must be greater than 1 character in length Creator/ Linker Every persons filename must contain a DOB (this must not be a future date) Creator A DOB can be added to a record at a later date (contact the DQT for advice on this). DOB must follow the correct date format of dd/mm/yyyy Every Persons filename must contain a Gender/Title Creator Height when known All Height must either follow the correct format of feet and inches separated with Ó (5Ó3) or be added in total centimetres (160). Adding a height without Ó automatically reverts the format to centimetres All people linked to an occurrence should have an appropriate classification. All suspects must have a finalising classification charged/NFA/eliminated etc) Creator Please refer to the drop down menu and list of available involvement options when linking A person record can be created using only a description only when it relates to an Unknown Suspect or Missing Person Ð see below Creator In deviation from the APP IM Ð WP will create person records based on the minimum of 4 of the following descriptive: height, build, ethnicity, hair and clothing. May also include identifying features such as accent, eye colour, scars or birthmarks, tattoos etc. Table of Contents 2.1.2 Person - Other Classification Required Information (in addition to above minimum standards) Known Victim (Aggrieved) Address, telephone number, ethnicity Known Suspect Address, ethnicity, description Unknown Suspect Detailed description (minimum of four including: height (correct format), build, ethnicity, hair and clothing). May also include identifying features such as accent, eye colour, scars or birthmarks etc) Suspect/Offender Address, ethnicity, place of birth, PNC ID & CRO (if appropriate) Witness Address, telephone number Vulnerable Child or Adult Address, linked associate (e.g. NOK or Parent/Guardian) Missing Person Address, detailed description (at time of disappearance) photograph Deceased Person Sudden death/ victim/suspicious/No Crime/Non-suspicious Verification of death (including date and time) Unknown Victim To record a crime with an unknown victim (as per NCRS 3.6i) approval should be sought from a supervisor and have the oversight of the Force Crime Registrar. Victim Ð State based Use only ÔThe StateÕ and no variant of Known person of interest Nickname or alias if applicable Unknown person of interest Physical description Unborn No record to be created. Information for an unborn child to be linked via the motherÕs record and in the body of the OEL/report only. This is Wiltshire Police local practice and deviates from the National Standard. Involved Party Follow guidelines for Person record (section 2.1.1) Associations Follow guidelines for Person record (section 2.1.1) Officer or