gifts & hospitality 8 5. ACCEPTING GIFTS & HOSPITALITY WITHOUT AUTHORISATION 9 5.1 Storage of unauthorised items 9 5.2 Consumption of perishable Items prior to obtaining authorisation 9 DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION 10 POLICY STATEMENT On occasion members of Wiltshire Police may be offered gifts and hospitality by members of the public. Wiltshire Police recognises the fact that the majority of such offers will be made for a genuine reason, for instance a small, inexpensive item such as a card, flowers or chocolates to express gratitude to an individual or team, or an item of food or drink offered through kindness and to show support for the Police Service. It is not anticipated that inexpensive gifts would compromise the integrity of individuals within Wiltshire Police, such as discounts aimed at all members of the wider police service (e.g. advertised discounts through police publications). However, all gifts and gratuities must be declared in accordance with force policy where approval will be required from the Head of the Professional Standards Department (or delegated representative) to accept a gift or hospitality. It is therefore important for Wiltshire Police staff and volunteers to understand when it is appropriate to accept such offers and when it is not. All Officers and staff must be aware that not all offers of gifts and hospitality will be appropriate. The motivations of the donor need not necessarily be criminal or corrupt for the integrity of the individual employee or the service as a whole to be damaged. The NPCC 'Abuse of Position for a Sexual Purpose' strategy sites Gifts and Hospitality as an area of risk/vulnerability with regards to this form of serious corruption. As such the matter is to be considered in annual Integrity Health Checks, conducted as part of the PDR. Any gift or hospitality that is or could be reasonably seen as an attempt by a member of public to initiate or pursue a sexual or inappropriate relationship with a member of Wiltshire Police must be refused and steps taken to alert line management and CCU (see procedure section below). It is vital that all officers, staff and volunteers understand the reporting procedures when they are offered a gift or hospitality to ensure transparency, prevent manipulation and corruption and the opportunities for corruption. Wiltshire Police expects all personnel to abide by the Standards of Professional Behaviour for Police Officers and the Code of Conduct for Police Staff, as well as the College of Policing Code of Ethics and maintain the highest standards of professional conduct. Public confidence relies on the integrity of the Force and is linked directly to one of our organisational principles that we will build upon public approval and confidence in Wiltshire Police, as well as our Force values of impartiality, integrity and transparency. Acceptance of an inappropriate gift if the provision is because the donor is aware of the recipientÕs role, whether on or off duty, which could compromise the organisation may lead to disciplinary action being instigated It is therefore the responsibility