of Schedule 1 to the Freedom of Information Act 2000 (c. 36) (public authorities) insert at the appropriate place— “The Police Senior Appointments Panel”. Regulations about senior officers In section 50 of the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) (regulations for police forces) after subsection (6) insert— “(6A) Without prejudice to the powers conferred by this section, regulations under this section may make provision with respect to— steps to be taken in connection with the appointment of senior officers; payments to senior officers who cease to hold office before the end of a fixed term appointment. (6B) In subsection (6A) “senior officer” means— a member of a police force holding a rank above that of chief superintendent; the Commissioner of Police for the City of London.” Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 3 Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Metropolitan police force appointments The Police Act 1996 is amended as follows. In section 9F (Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis) for subsection (2) substitute— “(2) Any appointment of an Assistant Commissioner shall be made, in accordance with regulations under section 50, by the Metropolitan Police Authority. (2A) Before appointing an Assistant Commissioner the Metropolitan Police Authority shall— consult the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, and obtain the approval of the Secretary of State.” In section 9FA (Deputy Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis) for subsection (2) substitute— “(2) Any appointment of a Deputy Assistant Commissioner shall be made, in accordance with regulations under section 50, by the Metropolitan Police Authority. (2A) Before appointing a Deputy Assistant Commissioner the Metropolitan Police Authority shall— consult the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, and obtain the approval of the Secretary of State.” In section 9G (Commanders in the metropolitan police force) for subsection (2) substitute— “(2) Any appointment of a Commander in the metropolitan police force shall be made, in accordance with regulations under section 50, by the Metropolitan Police Authority. (2A) Before appointing a Commander in the metropolitan police force the Metropolitan Police Authority shall— consult the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, and obtain the approval of the Secretary of State.” Police co-operation Police collaboration For section 23 of the Police Act 1996 substitute— 4 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be