following identification procedures should be used where the suspect is not known: street identification Ð when a witness can be taken to the particular location to see whether an identification of a suspect can be made showing photographs to a witness showing video footage or photographs of an incident to a witness using facial imaging techniques, which may include artistsÕ impressions, composites and electronic facial imaging technique (E-FITª) For further information see ACPO (2009) Facial Identification Guidance. Suspect known In this sense ÔknownÕ means that the police have sufficient information to justify the arrest of a particular person as a suspect for an offence. Where the suspect is known and the witness is available to take part in an identification parade, the identification procedures should be used in the following sequence: formal identification parade or one of the approved video ID techniques group identification a videofilm a confrontation Failure to ensure that the procedures set out in PACE Code D are followed can seriously undermine the strength of the prosecution case or give the defendant grounds for appeal against a conviction. However, there may be circumstances where, following the judgment in the case of R v Long [1991] Crim LR 453, the court will accept identification evidence that has not been gathered in accordance with PACE Code D, for example, where the witness recognises the suspect when they meet accidentally in the street. Video identification techniques Using video identification procedures means that the suspect does not need to attend. This reduces the time required to arrange formal identification procedures and gives witnesses an early opportunity to view the parade. Witnesses may also feel less intimidated when picking out an image from a computer screen than by attending a formal identification parade at a police station. However, video identification procedures preclude the witness from seeing the suspect walk, move or use a particular phrase or words. Voice identification In some cases this can be used to support other identification evidence, for example, where the suspectÕs facial features are obscured, but they speak clearly to the victim or witness. It should not, however, be regarded as proof of identity in its own right. Categories of voice identification: where the witness identifies the voice of someone they know recognition where the witness does not know the voice of the suspect, but would be able to pick out the voice as being distinct from other voices Back to Investigation overview Tags Investigation 24/03/2025 Working with victims and witnesses https://www.college.police.uk/app/investigation/working-victims-and-witnesses Page Working with victims and witnesses This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 16 February 2023 Written by College of Policing Investigation 30 mins read A witness is a person, other than a defendant, who is likely to give evidence in court. All victims are also witnesses and should be treated as such. All victims have ÔRightsÕ set out in the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime. The success of any investigation