multi- agency way to a multi-agency problem. Conclusions This research has joined together existing research, media articles and government documents along with new empirical data to o#er new knowledge about needle spiking. In paying attention to the new form of spiking using needles, debates about how we respond to drink spiking have also been reignited. To date, spiking has not been given the priority it deserves in terms of policing, healthcare, or academic research Ð in part because it has too often been approached only through the lens of drug facilitated sexual assault. This research is the "rst to have included detail about needle spikings reported to the police for example where on the body the victim suspected they were spiked, the suspected location that the incident took place, and the sex of the victim and also the "rst to include victimÕs voices directly. However, the qualitative sample size is small ("ve victims) and the police data was extracted soon after the problem emerged Ð policing recording and responses are likely to have improved after this initial period. It is hoped that this exploratory research can be built upon to support greater multi-agency working, including improved victim care pathways within and between the police and health services. Multi-disciplinary research is needed to improve responses to victims and understand more about o#ender motives Ð although the latter will require some methodological innovation. There will be new research opportunities when the planned introduction of spiking as a standalone criminal o#ence in England and Wales comes into force, as it will make the identi"cation and tracking of cases through the criminal justice system more straightforward. However, the voices of victims who do not report to the police must also continue to be heard and future research should not be limited to new criminal justice responses. Needle spiking, as with other forms of spiking, is a life-changing crime that can have profound short and long term physical and mental health impacts. Poor criminal justice and health responses can exacerbate these harms. By integrating existing research on drink spiking with new empirical research on needle spiking, set against the backdrop of media and government reactions, this article contributes towards a renewed academic, policy and practice focus on all forms of spiking. While much attention is being placed on the promised legislative reform, this article has highlighted other, non-legislative problems that that persist. The introduction of a new criminal o#ence should be the beginning Ð not the conclusion Ð of renewed e#orts to prevent spiking. Acknowledgements Sincere thanks to the "ve people that trusted us with their experiences. We are grateful to [colleagues, anonymised for peer review] for useful suggestions in the development of this paper. We are also grateful for the time and attention given to this paper by two anonymous reviewers whose feedback was extremely useful. Disclosure statement No potential con$ict of interest was reported by the author(s). References 1. Allen, F. 2021. Police Scotland investigate reports of spiking by injection. BBC Scotland News,