and / or violent or traumatic incidents officers will be concerned for their own liability, safety and well-being. Likewise, the public also for their safety and that the appropriate lawful procedures have been undertaken. The following sections will now consist of procedural guidance with associated information. It must be kept in mind the College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice contains infinitely more detailed information from which these procedures are designed. The importance of disclosure must be borne in mind at all times. Cadre maintenance and training The Superintendent Force Operations will be responsible for: o Ensuring that a register for the various cadre roles is kept up to date; o Ensuring that officers have received appropriate training and accreditation, and this is supported by the documentation referring to course content and accreditation process; o Ensuring that the SOPs are yearly (also when any amendments to College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice are issued) compared with College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice, taking account of any legal changes, and good practice to ensure they accurately reflect the most appropriate procedures to deal with our lawful and welfare obligations; o Appointment of a lead PIM who will co-ordinate the training and accreditation; o Ensuring the appropriate support material used by staff (i.e. PIM) is kept up to date; o Ensuring old policy and procedures, documentation or accreditation is dated and stored to meet future allegations or claims. o Post Incident Management - Roles In the event that PIP is activated, there are a number of functions that particular roles must perform: • FIM • Chief Officer (or designated senior officer) • PIM • SFC Ð in the event of a discharge • ITFC/TFC Ð in the event of a discharge • OFC Ð in the event of a discharge • Initial Investigating Authority • Initial Investigating Officer The functions for each of these roles are contained within the relevant APP, the links for which are at the start of this document. Post incident - procedures for return to work See Appendix 2 which deals with the return to work procedures for KPWs who have been involved in an incident to which PIP applies. Effectively it seeks to introduce them back to the workplace in a supported and managed way and only when they are in a position to do so. Special Leave or Suspension from Duty Special or Administrative leave may be granted to a KPW when appropriate. There may, however, be circumstances where such leave is not in an officerÕs best interest. The officer and staff associations should be consulted. Suspension from duty should only be necessary in exceptional cases, and in accordance with force policy. APPENDIX 1 Ð PIP Designated Venue Plans Ð Primary suite L&D Force HQ Equality and Diversity Considerations An equality Impact Assessment has identified 2 areas of risk relating to protected Characteristics. The mitigations for each are listed after each area of risk: • Disability - there is no wheelchair access to the upper floors of