carry out lawful orders and instructions. Police Officers abide by Police Regulations, Force policies and lawful orders. Duties and Responsibilities Police Officers are diligent in the exercise of their duties and responsibilities. Confidentiality Police Officers treat information with respect and access or disclose it only in the proper course of Police duties. Fitness for Duty Police Officers when on duty or presenting themselves for duty are fit to carry out their responsibilities. Discreditable Conduct Police Officers behave in a manner which does not discredit the Police service or undermine public confidence in it, whether on or off duty. Police Officers report any action taken against them for a criminal offence, any conditions imposed on them by a court or the receipt of any penalty notice. Challenging and Reporting Improper Conduct Police Officers report, challenge or act against the conduct of colleagues which has fallen below the Standards of Professional Behaviour. 6.13.2 Any potential breach of the Police Conduct Regulations 2020 / Standards of Professional Behaviour by a Student Officer at any time during their probation should be dealt with in accordance with the Police Conduct Regulations 2020, the procedures as set out Home Office Guidance and reported to the Professional Standards Department for an assessment. The General Training Manager and Apprenticeship Consultant should also be informed. 6.14. Academic Terms and Conditions 6.14.1 Students enrolled on a university course (such as PCDA\DHEP) will be subject to the UniversityÕs terms and conditions, the Student Charter and rules around academic misconduct. 6.14.2 In some cases, concerns may be raised with or by the contracted HEI partner that there may be academic misconduct relating to their studies. The HEI will notify the force as soon as possible. The SO will be referred to the HEI student services for advice and guidance. The HEI will create an academic Individual Student Plan (ISP) and consider further academic and study skills coaching and mentoring sessions, which may include after-hours advisory and upskill sessions. Clinic style tutorial opportunities may also be offered. If the misconduct is deemed as a serious breach of professional standards then dismissal under the Police Conduct Regulations must be considered (See section 11) and the Apprenticeship Consultant should be informed. 7. Reasonable Adjustments 7.1 Throughout, the SOAT, HEI and supervisors will need to bear in mind both the HEI and the ForceÕs obligations under the Equality Act 2010, in particular to make reasonable adjustments when dealing any level of disability. 7.2 It is important to note that the duty to make reasonable adjustments places the responsibility firmly on Wiltshire Police as the ÒemployerÓ to identify and initiate any adjustments. The HEI provider, SOAT and line managers with the support and guidance of Human Resources and Occupational Health, should work with the Student Officer in regards to what these adjustments could look like. 8. Student Officer Unsatisfactory/Unacceptable Performance 8.1 Once on independent patrol, if a Student Officer is failing to meet the required levels of performance at set reviews, or serious under performance is evidenced