not, whether there is any proposal to establish such a scheme for that area during the period to which the plan relates; (c) particulars of any such proposal or of any proposal to modify during that period any community safety accreditation scheme that is already maintained for that area; (d) the extent (if any) of any arrangements for provisions specified in Schedule 4 to be applied to designated persons employed by the [F428local policing body]; and (e) the respects in which any community safety accreditation scheme that is maintained or proposed will be supplementing those arrangements during the period to which the plan relates. (8) A community safety accreditation scheme must contain provision for the making of arrangements with employers whoÑ (a) are carrying on business in the police area in question, or (b) are carrying on business in relation to the whole or any part of that area or in relation to places situated within it, for those employers to supervise the carrying out by their employees of the community safety functions for the purposes of which powers are conferred on those employees by means of accreditations under section 41. (9) It shall be the duty of a chief officer of police who establishes and maintains a community safety accreditation scheme to ensure that the employers of the persons on whom powers are conferred by the grant of accreditations under section 41 have established and maintain satisfactory arrangements for handling complaints relating (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 97 Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes to the carrying out by those persons of the functions for the purposes of which the powers are conferred. 41 Accreditation under community safety accreditation schemes (1) This section applies where a chief officer of police has, for the purposes of a community safety accreditation scheme, entered into any arrangements with any employer for or with respect to the carrying out of community safety functions by employees of that employer. (2) The chief officer of police may, on the making of an application for the purpose by such person and in such manner as he may require, grant accreditation under this section to any employee of the employer. (3) Schedule 5 (which sets out the powers that may be conferred on accredited persons) shall have effect. (4) A chief officer of police shall not grant accreditation to a person under this section unless he is satisfiedÑ (a) that that personÕs employer is a fit and proper person to