Act 2007 (implementation of Boundary Committee for England review of local government areas) which alters the boundary of any police area in England; (c) [F66an order under section 45 of the [F67Democracy and Boundary Commission Cymru etc. Act 2013] (recommendations for changes to police areas) which alters the boundary of any police area in Wales;] (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 71 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Òresulting police areaÓ, in relation to a police area alteration order, means a police area existing immediately after the order comes into forceÑ (a) which is created by the order, or (b) any part of whose boundary results from the order. (4) References in this section to the coming into force of a police area alteration order are references to the changes in police areas made by the order taking effect. 73 Computation of time and timing of elections etc (1) Subsection (2) applies where the day, or the last day, on which anything is required or permitted to be done by or under section 50, 51 or 70 is not a business day. (2) The requirement or permission is deemed to relate instead to the first business day after that day. (3) Where under subsection (2) the day of an election is postponed, the day to which it is postponed is to be treated as the day of election for the purpose ofÑ (a) any provision of, or made under, this Act, or (b) any relevant provision (within the meaning of section 58). (4) Any day which is not a business day is to be disregarded in computing any period of time for the purpose of section 51. (5) In this section, Òbusiness dayÓ means a day other thanÑ a Saturday, a Sunday, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, Good Friday, a bank holiday, or a day appointed for public thanksgiving or mourning. 72 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 74 Elections: consequential amendments Schedule 10 (consequential amendments relating to elections of persons as police and crime commissioners) has effect. 75 The appropriate officer (1) For each police area, other than the metropolitan police district, the Secretary of State F68... must by order designate a local authority. (2) In this Chapter, the Òappropriate officerÓ, [F69meansÑ (a) in relation to a police area in England, the head of paid service of the local authority designated