debate on security and help organisations, communities and individuals to prepare better for emergencies, the document is also important to LRFs in informing the local assessment of risks, particularly threat related risks. Indeed, the LRAG makes explicit reference to the NRR as an important tool in the risk assessment process. The National Risk Assessment (NRA) The National Risk Assessment (NRA) is the classified and detailed cross- government assessment of the risks facing the UK and is the basis of the public National Risk Register (NRR). It uses historical and scientific data and the professional judgments of experts to identify risks, assess the likelihood of the risk occurring and the impact if they do. The NRA is shared with all UK police forces. As well as informing police work, this will also give LRFs, the majority of which are chaired by the police, more direct access to the full assessment. The National Resilience Planning Assumptions (NRPAs) and Local Planning Assumption Guidance The National Resilience Planning Assumptions (NRPAs) provide information on the generic consequences of risks without disclosing the sensitive information on the causes of these consequences. Although the document gives only national and sometimes multi-LRF planning figures, it is issued in tandem with the Local Planning Assumption Guidance which explains how the NRPAs should be interpreted and tailored to inform local planning assumptions. The guidance also explains how the Community Risk Register (CRR) rating matrix can be used to identify and define generic planning assumptions, providing a mechanism by which LRFs can use the output from the local risk assessment process better, to inform local planning. Counter Terrorism Security Advisors (CTSAs) CTSAs are embedded in all UK police forces. Their core role is to identify and assess local critical sites within their force area that might be vulnerable to terrorist or extremist attack; then devise and develop appropriate protective security plans to minimise impact on that site and the surrounding community. Additionally, the CTSA will promote awareness of the terrorist threat and develop positive ongoing relationships by appropriate discussion of changes in the prevailing terrorist threat and commensurate responses. 4.45. The outcome of a hazard is not the same as its (wider) impact, which is considered later in the process, although there will usually be a close relationship between the two. For example, in the case of flooding, two flood events could have the same outcome (e.g. 100 square miles flooded) but very different impacts, depending on the precise location of the flooding. 4.46. Where there is a considerable range in the foreseeable outcomes of a potential hazard, it may be necessary to assess the likelihood (and subsequently impact) of the hazard at multiple outcomes. Consequently, the individual risk assessment example at Annex 4C allows the lead assessors to record multiple outcomes for each hazard. Although a variety of outcomes may be considered for a particular type of risk, the LRF may decide that only a small number need to be captured in the CRR. 4.47. Each assessment should be carried