to which it relates; (c) may impose requirements as to the time by which the person must leave the area and the manner in which the person must do so (including the route). (6) The constable must (unless it is not reasonably practicable) tell the person to whom the direction is given that failing without reasonable excuse to comply with the direction is an offence. (7) If the constable reasonably believes that the person to whom the direction is given is under the age of 16, the constable may remove the person to a place where the person lives or a place of safety. (8) Any constable may withdraw or vary a direction under this section; but a variation must not extend the duration of a direction beyond 48 hours from when it was first given. (9) Notice of a withdrawal or variation of a directionÑ (a) must be given to the person to whom the direction was given, unless that is not reasonably practicable, and (b) if given, must be given in writing unless that is not reasonably practicable. (10) In this section Òpublic placeÓ means a place to which at the material time the public or a section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission. (11) In this Part Òexclusion periodÓ has the meaning given by subsection (1)(b). (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 19 PART 3 Ð Dispersal powers Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 36 Restrictions (1) A constable may not give a direction under section 35 to a person who appears to the constable to be under the age of 10. (2) A constable may not give a direction under section 35 that prevents the person to whom it is given having access to a place where the person lives. (3) A constable may not give a direction under section 35 that prevents the person to whom it is given attending at a place which the person isÑ (a) required to attend for the purposes of the person's employment, or a contract of services to which the person is a party, (b) required to attend by an obligation imposed by or under an enactment or by the order of a court or tribunal, or (c) expected to attend for the purposes of education or training or for the purposes of receiving medical treatment, at a time when the person is required or expected (as the case may be) to attend there. (4) A constable may not