2002) Manual Handling Operations Regulations (MHO, 1992 as amended in 2002) Provision and Use of Work Equipment Regulations (PUWER, 1998 as amended in 2002) Lifting Operations and Lifting Equipment Regulations (LOLER, 1998 as amended in 2002) Personal Protective Equipment at Work Regulations (PPE, 1992 as amended in 2002) Workplace Health, Safety and Welfare Regulations (WHSW, 1992 as amended in 2002) Safety Representatives and Safety Committee Regulations (1977) Ionising Radiations Regulations (IRR, 1999) Control of Asbestos at Work Regulations (2012) Construction (Design and Management) Regulations (CDM, 1994 and Amendment 2000) 3. Procedure Overview and Strategic Aims The following health and safety policy document aims to set out Wiltshire & Swindon Office of Police and Crime CommissionerÕs (OPCC) commitment and procedures for effectively managing health and safety. The Wiltshire and Swindon OPCCÕs Strategic aims in respect of health and safety are: To support and improve organisational performance through the provision of effective health and safety management and To eliminate or minimise risks to OPCC employees and volunteers, all others affected by our business through the provision of a safe and healthy workplace and culture. In addition, Wiltshire & Swindon OPCC is additionally responsible for; Holding Chief Constable and Chief Officer Group to account for the safety of employees of the Force. The OPCCÕs ÔundertakingÕ for the purposes of section 3 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974, includes monitoring the effectiveness and efficiency of the police forceÕs health and safety management system. Ensuring that the force is discharging its health and safety responsibilities efficiently and effectively, through its safety management system, by way of corporate governance and scrutiny through the Occupational Health and Safety Committee. 4. Wiltshire & Swindon OPCC Health and Safety Policy Statement In accordance with Section 2(3) of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974, Wiltshire & Swindon OPCC has issued for the attention of all its employees and others affected by our undertakings a joint written Statement of Safety Policy (see below) in association with Wiltshire Police. The joint Safety Policy is prepared by the Occupational Health and Safety Committee in consultation with staff nominated by the Chief Constable and Police and Crime Commissioner who have designated health and safety responsibilities. The Safety Policy is authorised, supported and jointly signed by the Chief Constable for Wiltshire Police and the Wiltshire and Swindon Police and Crime Commissioner. The joint Policy statement will be brought to the attention of all employees via health and safety notice boards in all police premises, is readily accessible on the Health and Safety pages within SharePoint and displayed on the Wiltshire Police and Wiltshire & Swindon OPCCÕs external web sites. STATEMENT OF SAFETY POLICY Wiltshire Police and the Office of the Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire and Swindon attach great importance to safeguarding the health and safety of our employees, others working on or visiting our premises and members of the public to whom we provide a service. We are fully committed to the management and discharge of our responsibilities