record or entry on another type of database is to be authorised by the Senior Investigating Officer (Inspector / Police Staff equivalent or above). Such authorisation will only be given when certain circumstances apply. These will be as follows: • A record relating to a matter which is currently subject of a covert policing operation; • A record relating to a criminal offence where a member of a UK police force, (officer or staff) are implicated as a suspect and are currently subject of a criminal investigation; • Exceptional circumstances Ð What constitutes an exceptional circumstance will be judged on a case by case basis by the SIO considering authorisation of ACL, but would need to be more serious and sensitive than the above. • 23.2 ACL Reviews It is the responsibility of the supervisor responsible for an investigation to review the decision and rationale for the ACL in line with the Hierarchical Crime Review Procedure. If the ACL is still required the rationale for continuing the ACL must be recorded on the Occurrence Enquiry Log (investigation log). If the ACL is no longer required the supervisor must notify CCU who will inform the Data Quality Team (DQT) accordingly. On closing an occurrence the supervisor must ensure that the ACL is removed by notifying CCU who will inform DQT accordingly (See Access Control Lists (ACL) in Niche RMS Procedural Guide). 23.3 ACL For Intelligence For information on authorizing the use of intelligence ACLs, understanding the hierarchy of access to intelligence between departments, auditing access to ensure information security and the process for review and removal of intelligence ACLs please refer to the Access Control Lists (ACL) for Intelligence Policy. 24. MONITORING, INTERCEPTION AND AUDIT Wiltshire Police and OPCC reserves the right to monitor all communications (including telecommunications) using Force communications systems and where appropriate inspect the content of Email transmissions, text messages, Internet browsing sessions and smartphone application use. Such activity is considered necessary for the purposes of: • Protecting the network from malicious software, denial of service attacks and other external threats; • To investigate or detect use of computers contrary to legislation, policy or procedure; • Investigating and detecting improper use - preventing and detecting crime; • Monitoring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements - ensuring that Staff comply with rules governing the use of communications systems; • Quality control and training; • Monitoring load level activity to ensure adequate technical provision of the service; • In the interests of national security. AS SERVICES ARE PRIMARILY FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES, USERS MUST UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS NO EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY. The Investigatory Powers Act 2016 (IPA) establishes a basic principle that communications may not be intercepted without consent and ensures compliance with ECHR and fundamental freedoms. The Investigatory Powers (Interception by Businesses etc. for Monitoring and Record-keeping Purposes) Regulations 2018 make an exception to IPA and allow businesses (including public authorities) to intercept communications transmitted across their systems without consent for certain purposes. The monitoring and recording of communications