is a productive space in which to further the reflection on the potentialities of the concept of agency. Agency here is never understood as free will and not necessarily viewed as resistance, but rather "in an anthropological sense, as the socially and culturally mediated capacity for action" (Piscitelli, 2013, p. 22). What is noticeable is that alleged "trafficked persons", based on the relative authority they are given as privi- leged "witnesses" in these police inquiries, manipulate information according to their own interests. Thereby, they usually resist the criminalizing/victimizing process, since they rarely report on, or contribute to establishing the ve- racity of the offense of which they are, in theory, "victims". Based on the premise that writing is one of the most important state activities and government technologies (Gup- ta, 2012; Das, 2007), the ethnography of police documentation practices aims to observe how these persons' state- ments are "reduced to writing"7 in police inquiries, as well as to render clear the regulating structures that govern these discursive formations and deformations. The so-called "Term of statements" is the main type of bureaucratic writing that guarantees that discourses of alleged victims (converted into "witnesses") "subsist and, at the same time, regularly change" (Foucault, 2014, p.159) throughout processes of document production and superposition. Statements "reduced to a term", which are enunciated amidst the embarrassment of police "interviews", are regis- tered in a formally rigorous document, marked by repeated narrative conventions and a legal form of its own. Con- verting oral speech into writing, in this case, means reducing and substituting answers given by questioned per- sons with the interrogator's indirect discourse. The questions are silenced and only signaled through the generic formulation "when inquired about the facts, ANSWERED: THAT...", situated at the beginning of the document, after the date, place, deponent's complete "qualification"8 and the name of the police officer who presided over the inter- view. At the end, the term must be read and signed by all (deponent, police commissioner and registrar), attesting its trustworthiness and making it official. Reading "Terms of statements" and their ramifications along the grain of "human trafficking" inquiries showed how the margin of agency of witnesses and suspects is only reduced in documentation procedures when their versions are confronted with the "social force" of other documents (Ferreira, 2013), such as transcripts of phone taps. Ob- serving a police interview in person, in turn, enabled the researcher to follow the police art of "reducing to term"9 in action and, thus, to understand and subvert the discursive formations and deformations that this type of bureau- cratic writing produces. Furthermore, observing police interviews in persons also enabled the researcher to comprehend the micro-politics of interactions between documenting agents and documented persons. To present these micro-politics, we will now describe the production and the uses of some documents, part of one of the few inquiries included in the research that did establish that the "human trafficking" crime took place and who its authors were10. This inquiry was initiat- ed based on