State shall consult with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and such other persons as he thinks fit.” In section 54 of the 1996 Act (appointment and functions of inspectors of constabulary), before subsection (3) there shall be inserted— “(2D) It shall be the duty of the chief inspector of constabulary— to enter into arrangements with the Independent Police Complaints Commission for the purpose of securing cooperation, in the carrying out of their respective functions, between the inspectors of constabulary and that Commission; and to ensure that inspectors of constabulary provide that Commission with all such assistance and co-operation as may be required by those arrangements or as otherwise appears to the chief inspector to be appropriate for facilitating the carrying out by that Commission of its functions.” F1057. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F1058. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In section 87 of that Act (guidance concerning disciplinary proceedings), for subsection (2) there shall be substituted— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 7 – Minor and Consequential Amendments Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 293 “(1A) The Secretary of State may also issue guidance to the Independent Police Complaints Commission concerning the discharge of its functions under any regulations under section 50 in relation to disciplinary proceedings. Nothing in this section shall authorise the issuing of any guidance about a particular case. It shall be the duty of every person to whom any guidance under this section is issued to have regard to that guidance in discharging the functions to which the guidance relates. A failure by a person to whom guidance under this section is issued to have regard to the guidance shall be admissible in evidence in any disciplinary proceedings or on any appeal from a decision taken in any such proceedings. In this section “disciplinary proceedings” means any proceedings under any regulations under section 50 that are identified as disciplinary proceedings by those regulations.” (1) In subsection (1) of section 97 of that Act (police officers engaged on service outside their force), after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted— “(aa) temporary service on which a person is engaged in accordance with arrangements made under paragraph 6(2)