is important that there are multiple channels of engagement to challenge perpetrators to identify, understand and change behaviour. This should not sit solely within the criminal justice system.154 Social workers should also be aware of the ways in which perpetrators may attempt to use the relationship between the non-abusive parent and child as a tool of coercive control. They may also seek to manipulate the relationship between the child and the non-abusive parent. If children and families are to receive help at the right time, practitioners who come into contact with them have a role to play in identifying concerns, sharing information and taking prompt action. Detail on multi-agency working to safeguard children is included in ‘Chapter 7 - Multi-Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. 154 Department for Education. Children’s Social Care Innovation Programme, Whole Family Approaches to Tackling Domestic Abuse: 2017. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance The local authority and its social workers have specific roles and responsibilities to lead the statutory assessment of children in need and to lead child protection enquiries, including for children in families with no recourse to public funds. Within one working day of a referral being received, a local authority social worker should acknowledge receipt to the referrer and make a decision about next steps and the type of response required. This will include determining whether: the child requires immediate protection and urgent action is required; the child is in need and should be accessed under section 17 of the Children Act 1989; there is reasonable cause to suspect the child is suffering or likely to suffer significant harm, and whether enquiries should be made and the child assessed under section 47 of the Children Act 1989; any services are required by the child and family and what type of services; further specialist assessments are required to help the local authority to decide what further action to take; to see the child as soon as possible, if the decision is taken that the referral requires further assessment. Every assessment should draw relevant information gathered from the child and their family and for relevant practitioners including teachers, school staff, early years workers, health practitioners, the police, and adult social care. The 2017 joint targeted area inspection (JTAI) on The multi-agency response to children living with domestic abuse-agency response to children living with domestic abuse, conducted by Ofsted, Care Quality Commission (CQC), Her Majesty’s Inspectorate Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS), and Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Probation (HMIP), advises on good practice in this area. The report highlights to the importance of striking a balance between responding to immediate individual crises, and developing long-term solutions for the family, including attending to the overall needs of children. Understanding the emotional and psychological impact of domestic abuse is extremely challenging, and social workers will draw on a wide range of skills in assessing and responding effectively. The JTAI also highlighted the need to: develop age-appropriate tools to understand the range of risks that children face; adopt