pensions and allowances in respect of times during a period of suspension, the police and crime commissioner is to be treated as not holding that office during that suspension. (4) In this section references to an offence which carries a maximum term of imprisonment exceeding two years are referencesÑ (a) to an offence which carries such a maximum term in the case of a person who has attained the age of 18 years, or (b) to an offence for which, in the case of such a person, the sentence is fixed by law as life imprisonment. Conduct 31 Conduct (1) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision aboutÑ (a) the making and handling of complaints about the conduct of relevant office holders (Òqualifying complaintsÓ); (b) the recording of matters in the case of which there is an indication (whether from the circumstances or otherwise) that a relevant office holder may have committed a criminal offence (Òconduct mattersÓ); (c) the manner in which qualifying complaints and conduct matters are investigated or otherwise dealt with. (2) Schedule 7 (regulations about complaints and conduct matters) has effect. (3) In this section and that Schedule Òrelevant officer holderÓ means the holder of any of the following officesÑ (a) police and crime commissioner; (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 33 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 4 Ð Accountability of elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) deputy police and crime commissioner; (c) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (d) Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. Scrutiny of Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime 32 London Assembly police and crime panel (1) The London Assembly must arrange for the functions referred to in subsection (2) to be discharged on its behalf by a particular committee of the Assembly (the Òpolice and crime panelÓ). (2) Those functions (Òthe police and crime panel functionsÓ) areÑ (a) the functions conferred on the Assembly by section 33; (b) the functions conferred on the Assembly by section 60A of, and Schedule 4A to, the 1999 Act in relation to the appointment of the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (3) The London Assembly may not arrange for the police and crime panel functions to be discharged on its behalf otherwise than in accordance with subsection (1). (4) The London Assembly may not arrange for any of its other functions to be discharged by the police and crime panel. (5) The special scrutiny functions may only be exercised at a meeting of the whole panel; but that is without prejudice to rules of procedure about the quorum of a meeting of the whole panel. (6) The enactments applying to committees of the London Assembly, apart from the excluded provisions,