erosion of the fixings or the cabinet material, thus reducing its security. 2.11 When security devices are being fitted, consideration should be given to varying the method of fixing. For example, in buildings with only partition internal walls and modern insulation block lining or random stone walls, it can be perfectly acceptable to fix cabinets horizontally, as long as appropriate fixing devices are used. This will also assist when fastening into suspended wooden flooring, as it spreads the load more evenly. In this case, coach screws of at least 3/8" (8mm) diameter and not less than 2.5" (63mm) long will provide a suitable anchorage. Such fixings must of course be made into joists and not simply to the floor boarding. Another consideration should be the size and weight of the larger form of gun cabinet or commercial safe. Due to their very weight or size, fixing may be unnecessary in these cases, but they should be located in such a position that would further frustrate removal. Layers and Levels of Security 2.12 As with any other valuable article, the security of firearms should be considered in layers: • Perimeter - The protection of the surroundings etc. which are necessary for particular situations or risks. Exterior lighting, approaches overlooked etc; • Shell - The protection of the surrounding structure (the building or part of a building) which contains the immediate or core layer for the firearms; • Interior - Which secures the firearms directly. 2.13 In most circumstances, the shell and interior layers are likely to be all that need to be addressed. However, conditions which affect either the ability of the outer structure to provide a defensive level commensurate with the particular risks, or any constraints upon the occupier (e.g. crime level, property style or type of construction, constraints in tenanted property etc.) may require adjustments to either layer. 2.14 If the occupant can show that the house has been designed and built to the requirements of BS8220 (the 'Secured by Design' model, introduced in 1996) or has doors and windows to BS PAS 24 (2016) or the most up to date PAS standard, then those parts of the dwelling can be taken to have satisfactory security. The Secured by Design New Homes Guide is a source of reference. Other test standards for door and window sets such as LPS 1175 and STS 201. 2.1 2.15 For the purposes of security in this document, no requirement can be made in respect of a window or other opening which has been provided as an emergency escape that will in any way prevent the immediate and unobstructed use of that escape route. 2.16 It may be helpful to think of security in terms of broad 'levels' to be applied according to the circumstances of each case. These are not intended to be prescriptive, but rather to provide guidance on what might be considered proportionate in each case. Level 1 (below) would be considered the normal standard of security applicable to the majority