responsible for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of single agency and inter-agency training on safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children provided within their area41. This is in line with their function to develop policies and procedures in relation to training of those persons who work with children or in services affecting the safety and welfare of children42. Such policies and procedures may include specific training in relation to FGM. In Wales similar functions for regional Safeguarding Boards are set out in guidance ÔWorking together to Safeguard people: Volume 1 Ð introduction and overviewÕ (2016)43. Safeguarding Children and Young people: roles and competences for health care staff44 provides a competence-based framework to set out the minimum training requirements for healthcare professionals in the UK to enable them to recognise child maltreatment and to take effective action as appropriate to their role. Knowledge of and the ability to recognise signs of FGM are included at all levels of competence. In Wales, any training accessed should align with the requirements of the National Training Framework on violence against women, domestic abuse and sexual violence45. Awareness and Training: Additional Resources E-learning for all professionals (including teachers, police, border force staff, and health visitors), developed by the Home Office, is available at www.fgmelearning.co.uk. Health Education England offer e-learning, free to access by health and social care professionals, at www.e-lfh.org.uk/programmes/female-genital-mutilation/. 41 See Chapter 4 of Working Together to Safeguard Children 2018 for further information on the role of LSCBs in England. 42 Regulation 5(1)(a)(ii) of the Local Safeguarding Children Boards Regulations 2006 for LSCBs in Wales. 43 https://gov.wales/safeguarding-people-introduction 44 www.rcpch.ac.uk/child-protection-publications 45 http://livefearfree.gov.wales/guidance-for-professionals/national-training-framework/?lang=en. 32 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation 4.6. Working with Communities and Community Groups 4.6.1 Working with Communities to End FGM So-called cultural practices, such as FGM, can be deeply embedded in practising communities and working to end them requires both top down direction and a community-led approach. Some of the ways organisations and professionals can help to end FGM include: • involving individuals and families in discussions about how FGM can be ended within their family and wider community; • talking to all groups, including men, boys and community leaders about FGM and its consequences; • encouraging individuals to report suspected cases of FGM, and highlighting the anonymous means for doing this, such as the NSPCC helpline46, for those unwilling to provide information to the authorities (see the FGM resource pack47 for more information); and • signposting to organisations that can provide support and advice to those who wish to end the practice within their family or community (for information on organisations working on FGM see the FGM resource pack48). Local authorities, Local Safeguarding Children Boards (in England), Safeguarding Children Boards (in Wales) and relevant professionals are encouraged to actively consider how best this could be done as part of existing work and engagement with practising communities, and how new initiatives could be established. Maintaining a continued dialogue with affected communities may help to ensure that prevention and support interventions