of Schedule 10 to the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015. 19 Guidance (1) A person listed in subsection (2) must have regard to guidance issued by the Secretary of StateÑ (a) in exercising any function conferred by or by virtue of this Chapter, or (b) in exercising any function in accordance with this Chapter. (2) Those persons areÑ (a) a specified authority; (b) a person prescribed in regulations under section 10; (c) a local policing body; (d) an educational authority; (e) a prison authority; (f) a youth custody authority. (3) The Secretary of State must consult the Welsh Ministers before issuing guidance relating to the exercise of functions as mentioned in subsection (1) by a devolved Welsh authority within the meaning of the Government of Wales Act 2006 (see section 157A of that Act). (4) After issuing guidance under this section, the Secretary of State must lay a copy of the guidance before Parliament. Amendments to the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 etc 20 Amendments to the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (1) The Crime and Disorder Act 1998 is amended as follows. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 25 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) In section 5A (combination agreements: further provision)Ñ (a) in subsection (2), after paragraph (c) insertÑ Ò(d) preventing people from becoming involved in serious violence; (e) reducing instances of serious violence.Ó, and (b) after subsection (9) insertÑ Ò(10) References in this section to serious violence and to becoming involved in serious violence are to be construed in accordance with section 18.Ó (3) Section 6 (formulation and implementation of strategies) is amended in accordance with subsections (4) to (7). (4) In subsection (1), at the end of paragraph (c) insert Ò; and (d) a strategy forÑ (i) preventing people from becoming involved in serious violence in the area, and (ii) reducing instances of serious violence in the area.Ó (5) In subsection (6)Ñ (a) omit the ÒorÓ at the end of paragraph (a), and (b) after paragraph (b) insertÑ Ò(c) the prevention of people becoming involved in serious violence of a particular description; or (d) the reduction of instances of serious violence of a particular description.Ó (6) In subsection (9), at the end of paragraph (a) insert Òand strategies for preventing people from becoming involved in and reducing instances of serious violence in areas in WalesÓ. (7) After subsection (9) insertÑ Ò(10) The Secretary of State must consult the Welsh Ministers before