organisation for approval of the recommendations. 6.86. Once approval has been obtained, the changes to the BCP can be implemented. This should drive changes to the BCM and will be tested as part of any future exercising programme by the business continuity managers. This process provides the audit trail of BCP maintenance and testing. 6.87. When exercising a specific part of a plan it may be more appropriate for the output to be a simple memorandum detailing the part tested. For example, for a call-out cascade exercise that tests the contacts listed within the plan for activation, a memo to the organisationÕs executive lead for business continuity that the test took place, was completed satisfactorily, and that all the contacts listed in the BCP are correct, would be sufficient to create the audit trail of that aspect of plan testing. 6.88. It is important that business continuity planning and exercising are not done in isolation from wider emergency planning work. In part, BCPs are in place to ensure that Category 1 responders are able to deliver their emergency response function in the event of an emergency. Category 1 responders should not forget the close synergies between emergency plans and BCPs when learning the lessons of exercises and making changes as a result. Post exercise reports may have implications for both. 6.89. The purpose of this exercise programme is to test the robustness of BCPs in the event of an emergency - will it enable the Category 1 responder to cope effectively with disruptions to the provision of critical services? One such critical function must be the emergency response function itself. 6.1. 6.90. The Act specifically requires Category 1 responders to maintain BCM plans to ensure that they can continue to deliver key services in the event of an emergency. It is essential that Category 1 responders must not only put plans in place, but also ensure that they are regularly reviewed and kept up-to-date. 6.91. Plan maintenance should therefore be an ongoing process. It is good practice to undertake a comprehensive review of the state of the plan periodically. 6.92. A process should be established whereby the BCM team is informed of relevant changes and developments, and that these are incorporated into the plan. Effective version control procedures should be implemented to ensure that relevant members of staff are working from the correct edition of the plan. Stage 6: Embedding BCM in the organisationÕs culture 6.93. Documenting the BCP is one element of developing a BCM strategy. Its success, however, depends upon: o implementation of the recommendations made, across the entire organisation; o a programme of training for those directly involved in the execution of the plan; and o an education and awareness programme to ensure understanding and adoption of the plan in relevant parts of the organisation - this applies to both internal and external stakeholders (e.g. employees and suppliers). 6.94. Category 1 responders should deliver a programme of training and awareness to ensure that the relevant parts of