In this case, staff should look at the immediate action plan (page four of the form) to see what action to take. They should also look at the Ongoing Record (pages 21 and 22 of the form) to see what has recently happened. They should check the PER/dPER for any further information and, if anything is unclear, ask the staff handing over the detainee for more information. Condition of the detainee Officers should seek advice from an appropriate HCP if they have concern that a detainee has an injury, medical condition or a mental illness, appears to be experiencing mental ill health or otherwise requires medical attention. This does not apply to minor injuries or ailments, but officers should still note those in the custody record. If unsure of the nature of a condition, officers should call an HCP. See PACE Code C paragraph 9.5 and Notes for Guidance, Note 9C. The need for medical attention may reoccur following earlier medical assessment if the detainee’s condition subsequently deteriorates. Wherever possible, officers must ask detainees about any current or recent mental health or medical conditions. They should also ask detainees about any medication they are currently taking. Items in a detainee’s possession should also be checked as they may indicate a medical condition, for example insulin syringes, inhalers or other medication. The presence of a health condition and its severity affects decisions about how and where a person should be treated. For further information, see Independent Office for Police Conduct: Learning the Lessons. Vulnerable detainees An appropriate HCP may provide advice to a custody officer as to the needs and requirements of any suspect who they believe may be vulnerable. The decision to request an appropriate adult is, though, for the custody officer. ‘Do not resuscitate’ (DNR) orders (otherwise known as 'Do not attempt resuscitation (DNAR) or 'Do not attempt cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (DNACPR)) DNACPRs (previously known as DNRs or DNARs) may be presented by people with terminal illnesses to police and custody officers. A custody officer should carefully consider the necessity to detain someone in these circumstances and in all cases they should seek the advice of a medical practitioner. The prevailing responsibility of the police officers and staff is to keep the detainee alive and safe while in custody. A DNACPR only applies to the provision of CPR. If there is any doubt as to the existence or validity of a DNACPR then CPR should be administered. For further information, see Faculty of Forensic and Legal Medicine (FFLM) Management of DNR/DNAR/DNACPR decisions in police custody. Detainees requiring urgent medical attention Such detainees should not be taken to a police station. Detainees suspected of swallowing unknown quantities of drugs should be taken to hospital immediately. Detailed guidance on National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC) approved first-aid procedures and practices in response to a wide range of medical conditions can be found in the ACPO Police First Aid Learning Programme (available on College Learn to registered users only). The NPIA (2011) Template Protocol