forward our current proposals after careful consideration of the implications. Under section 1 of the 1933 Act it is already an offence to ill-treat a child in a way likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury, including "mental derangement". Whilst I believe that this section is still effective and that the courts are able to interpret it appropriately, I have concluded that it would benefit from further clarity and updating. Clause 62 of the Bill would make it absolutely clear that cruelty likely to result in physical or psychological suffering or injury is covered under section 1. The clause would also modernise the language of section 1, in particular by - replacing the outdated term 'mental-derangement' I am aware of concerns that the Government's proposed changes could criminalise parents for teaching their children particular religious tenets, for example, that same sex marriages are wrong. I would emphasise that the focus, as now, would be on targeting cruelty likely to cause physical or psychological suffering or injury. We are not proposing to extend criminal liability under section 1 more broadly. The offence already encompasses psychological harm; something that is explicitly recognised by the Crown Prosecution Service Legal Guidance and the Sentencing Council guidelines in relation to section 1 of the 1933 Act. We fully expect that the reference to 'psychological suffering or injury' under clause 62 of the Bill would continue to be interpreted by the courts as it currently is. The courts have long held that such suffering or injury must be more than trivial (for example, a slight fright or low level mental anxiety). The Government's proposed clarification of the law should therefore not affect the way the law operates. As with all Bills, the provision will be subject to debate in both Houses of Parliament before it could become law. I am placing a copy of this letter on the Serious Crime Bill page of the Government website. v I Rt Hon Damian Green MP Page 2 Dstl/BSC/27/01/11 dated 4th April 2011 (amended 27th January 2012) Defence Scientific Advisory Council Sub-Committee on the Medical Implications of Less-Lethal Weapons (DOMILL) Statement on the Medical Implications of Use of the Taser X26 and M26 Less-Lethal Systems on Children and Vulnerable Adults1 Background 1. DOMILL2 reports to the Secretary of State for Defence to provide: (a) Advice on the biophysical, biomechanical, pathological and clinical aspects of generic classes of less-lethal weapons (LLWs); (b) Independent statements on the medical implications of use of specific LLW systems given specific guidance to users;3 (c) Advice on the risk of injury from specific LLW systems striking specific areas of the body in a format that will assist users in making tactical decisions as well as developing guidance to users to minimise the risk of injury. 2. DOMILL has issued five previous statements relating to the medical implications of the Taser M26 and Taser X26 less-lethal systems.4 The Taser X26 conducted energy device was introduced into UK policing in 2005 as a replacement for the Taser