to be reflected in appointments to police authority), for the words from “the members for” onwards there shall be substituted “in the case of the members for whose appointment it is responsible, the proportion who are members of any given party— where it is a council that is responsible for their appointment, is the same as the proportion of the members of the council who are members of that party; and where it is a joint committee that is so responsible, is the same as the proportion of the members of the relevant councils taken as a whole who are members of that party.” In paragraph 2(3) of Schedule 2A to that Act (which makes corresponding provision for the Metropolitan Police Authority), for the words from “the members for” onwards there shall be substituted “ in the case of the members of the Authority who are members of the London Assembly appointed under this paragraph, the proportion who are members of any given party is the same as the proportion of the members of the London Assembly who are members of that party ”. Removal of age qualification for membership The following provisions (which disqualify persons of more than seventy years old from membership of police authorities etc. and from selection panels of police authorities) shall cease to have effect— paragraph 10 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (police authorities outside London); paragraph 1(b) of Schedule 2 to the 1997 Act (service authorities for the National Crime Squad and the National Criminal Intelligence Service). Accordingly, in paragraphs 12 to 14 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act, for the words “paragraphs 10 and 11”, wherever they occur, there shall be substituted “ paragraph 11 ”. 88 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Payment of allowances to authority members etc. In each of the following provisions (which provide for the members of certain authorities to be made such payments by way of reimbursement of expenses and allowances as the Secretary of State may determine), the words “and allowances” shall be omitted— paragraph 25(1) of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (police authorities outside London); paragraph 20(1) of Schedule 2A to that Act (the Metropolitan Police Authority); F231. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . After paragraph 25 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (the police authorities outside London) there shall be inserted—