a code of practice under this section includes, in particular, provision aboutÑ (a) whether and how personal data relating to a hate incident should be recorded; (b) the persons who are to process such personal data; (c) the circumstances in which a data subject should be notified of the processing of such personal data; (d) the retention of such personal data, including the period for which it should be retained and the circumstances in which and the procedures by which that period might be changed; (e) the consideration by a relevant person of requests by the data subject relating to such personal data. (4) But a code of practice under this section must not make provision aboutÑ (a) the processing of personal data for the purposes of a criminal investigation, or (b) the processing of personal data relating to the alleged perpetrator of a hate incident at any time after they have been charged with an offence relating to the hate incident. (5) A code of practice under this section may make different provision for different purposes. (6) A relevant person must have regard to the code of practice that is for the time being in force under this section in processing personal data relating to a hate incident. (7) In this sectionÑ Òdata subjectÓ has the meaning given by section 3(5) of the Data Protection Act 2018; Òpersonal dataÓ has the meaning given by section 3(2) of that Act; Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 67 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒprocessingÓ has the meaning given by section 3(4) of that Act. (8) In this section Òrelevant personÓ meansÑ (a) a member of a police force in England and Wales, (b) a special constable appointed under section 27 of the Police Act 1996, (c) a member of staff appointed by the chief officer of police of a police force in England and Wales, (d) a person designated as a community support volunteer or a policing support volunteer under section 38 of the Police Reform Act 2002, (e) an employee of the Common Council of the City of London who is under the direction and control of a chief officer of police, (f) a constable of the British Transport Police Force, (g) a special constable of the British Transport Police Force appointed under section 25 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003, (h) an employee of the British Transport Police Authority appointed under section 27 of that Act, (i) a person designated as a