cannot reasonably be expected to control or affect it. 45 Occupier or owner unascertainable (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) an authorised person has power to issue a community protection notice, (b) the detrimental effect referred to in section 43(1) arises from the condition of premises or the use to which premises have been put, and (a) 24 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) the authorised person has made reasonable enquiries to find out the name or proper address of the occupier of the premises (or, if the premises are unoccupied, the owner) but without success. (2) The authorised person mayÑ (a) post the community protection notice on the premises; (b) enter the premises, or other premises, to the extent reasonably necessary for that purpose. (3) The community protection notice is treated as having been issued to the occupier of the premises (or, if the premises are unoccupied, the owner) at the time the notice is posted. (4) In this section Òauthorised personÓ has the same meaning as in section 43(1). 46 Appeals against notices (1) A person issued with a community protection notice may appeal to a magistrates' court against the notice on any of the following grounds. (1) That the conduct specified in the community protection noticeÑ (a) did not take place, (b) has not had a detrimental effect on the quality of life of those in the locality, (c) has not been of a persistent or continuing nature, (d) is not unreasonable, or (e) is conduct that the person cannot reasonably be expected to control or affect. (2) That any of the requirements in the notice, or any of the periods within which or times by which they are to be complied with, are unreasonable. (3) That there is a material defect or error in, or in connection with, the notice. (4) That the notice was issued to the wrong person. (2) An appeal must be made within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the person is issued with the notice. (3) While an appeal against a community protection notice is in progressÑ (a) a requirement imposed by the notice to stop doing specified things remains in effect, unless the court orders otherwise, but (b) any other requirement imposed by the notice is of no effect. For this purpose an appeal is Òin progressÓ until it is finally determined or is withdrawn. (4) A magistrates' court hearing an appeal