would not necessarily lead to an increase in subsequent engagement with children brought into the child protection system. The increasing number of referrals rather risks creating a Ôneedle in a haystackÕ effect in which it is less likely, rather than more likely, that the social care system will identify key cases. Implementation of a mandatory reporting duty may also result in less consideration of the most appropriate stage for referrals, leading to a Ôtick boxÕ procedural approach Ð not only by social workers, but also those practitioners referring cases including in health, education and the police. Again, this would not help childrenÕs social care to identify key cases. 5 21. Furthermore, mandatory reporting will not itself improve the quality of practitionersÕ judgement about whether what they are seeing is abuse or neglect, and how best to respond; this remains the ultimate focus for best supporting children at risk of harm. Many serious incidents occur with children already known to social care. Indeed, the triennial analysis of serious case reviews, in particular, demonstrates that in most cases the significant harm or death of children occurs despite their being known to childrenÕs social care. A mandatory reporting duty would have been of limited value for protecting children in those cases. It could, however, further undermine effective practice by instilling risk-averse behaviour driven by the fear of sanctions, rather empowering the workforce to make the right decisions. 22. This impact could be felt not only in childrenÕs social care, but by practitioners more widely across health, education and the police. If disproportionate attention is placed on referrals and reporting, it may deter organisations and agencies outside social care from working effectively with children on lower-level issues, engendering an attitude that once the report has been made, they have discharged their responsibilities. Beyond the risks associated with mandatory reporting, a broader duty to act does not itself support judgements about what action to take, and risks creating defensive barriers to effective decision-making rather than trust in practitioners to discharge the obligations to act that they already have. 23. If a mandatory reporting duty or duty to act were introduced, we must expect alongside the increase in referrals, an increase in the intervention in the lives of children and families. This may undermine confidentiality for those contemplating disclosure of abuse with victims more reluctant to make disclosures if they know that it will result in a record of their contact being made. The prospect of such contact may cause families to disengage with services. It is worth stating, however, that even if this important issue were to be discounted, the serious questions about the inherent effectiveness of a mandatory reporting duty for improving childrenÕs outcomes would remain. 24. Most fundamentally, the evidence and submissions received through the consultation has not demonstrated conclusively that the introduction of a mandatory reporting duty or a duty to act improves outcomes for children. This must be our guiding consideration when considering such a major reform of such a vital