be required to deliver this change. It will need to move to embrace greater collaboration in trialling and rolling out new technologies, identifying and adopting best practices, and sharing and exploiting data between forces. We believe the leadership of policing are ready to embrace this challenge and understand that doing so will be necessary to adapt to changes in demand and ensure the sector is able to fully exploit fast-paced improvements in technology, characterised by innovations in areas such as AI and automation. The Government will continue to support policing to do this as set out in this response to the Review. The Foundation for Improvement The Review recognised that there is a need within policing to identify best practice, make the necessary changes to implement it effectively, evaluate the impact of doing so, and measure the success. To enable these key actions to be effectively and consistently carried out, the Government has decided to set up a new Centre for Police Productivity. This will be based in the College of Policing but will be focused on driving forward the recommendations of the review and be responsible for overseeing the delivery of an additional 38 million hours of operational policing time. The Centre will lead delivery of change across policing, working with Police and Crime Commissioners (PCCs), Chief Constables, His Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services (HMICFRS) and other parts of the College of Policing. It will be tasked with driving improvement and effective practice in policing, in line with the CollegeÕs core remit and headed by a new Executive Director, supported by ring-fenced funding. The Centre will focus on supporting forces to deliver tangible productivity improvements, including those enabled by technology and innovation. It will develop force level reporting arrangements and evaluation to ensure forces are demonstrating the value of investments. It will also provide police forces access to expertise in operational improvement and enhancing data exploitation capabilities. Cross-cutting Productivity Improvements, Informed by High Quality Data There is a range of work already in progress to drive data improvement, which spans the National Police ChiefsÕ Council (NPCC), Association of Police and Crime Commissioners (APCC), College of Policing, and Police Digital Service (PDS). Significant improvements have already been made to police workforce data as a result of the Police Uplift Programme and this has been important in supporting the NPCCÕs annual Strategic Assessment of Workforce. The Home Office agrees that these improvements should be sustained and built into business as usual for policing going forward and can confirm it will go further in delivering this. Developing Model Processes The Home Office is grateful to the Review Team for their work to examine how the model- process approach to identifying what works at sector level and enabling this to be applied in a way that enables policing to better understand productivity and make sound decisions on the use of police time. The greater understanding of the benefits of alternative processes and overall drivers of performance, combined with the