experience of victims and deliver justice Information is the ÔlifebloodÕ of the organisation and without it Wiltshire Police and OPCC would be unable to achieve their vision to make Wiltshire the safest county in the country. Our partners and other local organisations play a key role in strengthening delivery, driving up collective confidence and improve wellbeing whilst reducing dependency and demand on Public Services. Information Sharing, with our partners, the public, local organisations and the wider Law Enforcement community is a twoÐway process. This will ensure that all agencies have access to a rich picture of information which will allow ÔSuperior Knowledge at the Point of DecisionÕ where the value of information is exploited to the fullest extent. Wiltshire Police and OPCC will share information, including personal information, where it is lawful and appropriate to do so and that such sharing supports a Law Enforcement Purpose. Wiltshire Police and OPCC will not share information, including personal information, in support of revenue gathering processes by partners or other organisations. This policy applies to information processed for Law Enforcement Purposes by Wiltshire Police and OPCC which is recorded in any manner including, but not limited to, any written, electronic, photographic, or paper based information. Information received from partners will be managed in accordance with the guidance on MoPI, UK General Data Protection Regulations and Data Protection Act 2018 (Data Protection Legislation), specific information handling procedures or constraints on the use of information will be detailed within each individual ISA. This policy does not include the sharing of information with the Disclosure and Barring Service through the Quality Assurance Framework, the sharing of material as provided by the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 or the sharing of information between police forces for a policing purpose. This policy does not prevent the urgent sharing of information where there is an overriding duty to the public, i.e. life threatening circumstances. Where regular sharing of information with a partner is considered necessary an Information Sharing Agreement (ISA) will be entered into. See Information Sharing Process for further information. In order to achieve the aims of this policy Wiltshire Police and OPCC will: Ensure that all information sharing will be conducted having regard to the rights of the individual and to Data Protection Legislation; Establish appropriate management and administrative practices to facilitate the sharing of police information with others; and; Ensure that all staff are supported in understanding their responsibilities when sharing police information Ensure that a Privacy Impact Assessment is considered as part of a project, plan or proposal to ensure that privacy risks are minimised while allowing the aims of the project to be met whenever possible. Guidance on how to conduct a Privacy Impact Assessment can be found in the ICOÕs ÔConducting privacy impact assessments code of practiceÕ. Legal Basis for Information Sharing. There are three main categories of information sharing within the Police Service: - Required by or under statute (statutory obligation) - Permitted by or under statute (statutory power) - Common