whether to exercise its power under subsection (2) to call upon the chief constable to retire or to resign and is satisfied that, in the light of the proposal, the maintenance of public confidence in that force requires the suspension; or Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 83 Part 3 – Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes having been notified by the Secretary of State that he is proposing to consider whether to require the police authority to exercise that power, it is satisfied that, in the light of the Secretary of State’s proposal, the maintenance of public confidence in that force requires the suspension; or it has exercised that power or been sent under section 42(2A) a copy of a notice of the Secretary of State’s intention to require it to exercise that power, but the retirement or resignation has not yet taken effect; and it shall be the duty of a police authority maintaining such a force (without reference to the preceding provisions of this subsection) to suspend the chief constable of that force from duty if it is required to do so by the Secretary of State under section 42(1A).” In each of sections 9F(3), 9FA(3) and 9G(3) of that Act (application of sections 9E(1) to (3) in the case of Assistant Commissioners, Deputy Assistant Commissioners and Commanders), at the end there shall be inserted “but with the omission in subsection (2A)— of paragraph (b); in paragraph (c), of the words from “or been sent” to “exercise that power”; and of the words after paragraph (c).” In section 11A(3) of that Act (application of section 11(2) to (4) in the case of deputy chief constables), at the end there shall be inserted “but with the omission in subsection (3A)— of paragraph (b); in paragraph (c), of the words from “or been sent” to “exercise that power”; and of the words after paragraph (c).” In section 12(3) of that Act (application of section 11(2), (3) and (4) in the case of assistant chief constables)— for “, (3) and” there shall be substituted “ to ”; and at the end there shall be inserted “but with the omission in subsection (3A) — of paragraph (b); in paragraph (c), of the words from “or been sent” to “exercise that power”; and of the words after paragraph (c).” Removal etc. of senior officers at the instance of the Secretary of State Section 42 of the 1996 Act (role of the Secretary of State as respects removal of chief constables etc.) shall be amended as follows.