FPN, the notice must name the individual and tell them: why they have been given a fixed penalty, i.e. the circumstances alleged to constitute the o?ence that the FPN o?ers an option to discharge liability for a criminal o?ence without prosecution, but they may choose not to pay it how long they have to pay to discharge liability (14 days beginning with the date of the notice) that proceedings will not be taken for the o?ence during the payment period that they can make representations to the local authority to challenge the allegations contained in the fixed penalty notice (and how to do so) the level of the penalty and how they can pay it, including to whom it should be paid and the address to do so if thereÕs a discount for paying early (10 days beginning with the date of the notice) Penalties should be set within the limits set out in legislation: Default penalty Minimum full penalty Maximum full penalty Minimum discounted penalty £200 £150 £600 £120 4.3 Where waste comes from multiple individuals in the household The duty of care applies to the individual occupier of the property who is arranging the transfer of household waste produced in that property. You will need to consider who in the household is responsible for the breach of the duty of care before issuing the FPN against them. 4.4 Cross-boundary approach Given the potential for fly-tipping to cross local authority borders, it is recommended that you consider the benefits of consistent, and possibly collaborative, approaches to enforcement with neighbouring authorities. In particular FPN regimes in two-tier areas should be aligned to promote consistent application. The FPN can be used when an individual appears to have failed to comply with their duty of care in England only. This relates to the point where the transfer of waste took place, not the final disposal point of the waste. This would typically be if they take their waste to an unauthorised site in England, or if they transfer their waste to an unauthorised carrier in England, even if the waste is ultimately taken out of England. For cases that cross authority boundaries within England, any enforcement authority in England can issue an FPN where it appears to them that a person has failed to comply with the duty of care. This will typically be as a result of investigating fly-tipped waste in their area and tracing it back to an individual, even if that individual originally transferred the waste outside that area. Once an FPN has been issued, no authority may begin proceedings until after the 14 day payment period for that FPN has ended. Additionally, an FPN cannot be given to someone if one has already been given to them by the same or another authority. To avoid the duplication of FPNs, if you issue an FPN for a breach of the duty of care that took place in the area of another authority, you must give that other authority a