victim risk assessment to justify any bail conditions set. • Use information from suspect interviews to make decisions about custody, charging, bail, prosecution, sentencing and risk. • Remember that there is a danger that police attention can sometimes intensify the suspectÕs interest in the victim. Particular note should be made of any comments that may indicate this as a risk when deciding bail conditions. 6. STALKING PROTECTION ORDERS The Stalking Protection Act of 2019 introduced Stalking Protection Orders (SPO) as a power available to the Court to order. These orders are unusual because in addition to the normal prohibitions that can be sought (e.g. to stay away from a person) the Court can order that a person must engage with a process (e.g. behavioural programs). SPOs are a civil order. Wiltshire Police pursue these matters through a third-party solicitor (currently Weightmas), following authorisation from a Superintendent. Advice from the College of Policing, including a process map can be found here: Stalking or harassment Advice from the CPS on the topic can be found here: Stalking Protection Orders | The Crown Prosecution Service (cps.gov.uk) Practical advice on how to obtain an SPO has been written by Jordan De Friend and can be found here: https://wiltspolice.sharepoint.com/sites/PPDCS/Shared%20Documents/Stalking%20and%20Harra ssment/A%20Practical%20Guide%20to%20obtaining%20an%20SPO.docx Table of Contents College of Policing OFFICIAL college police.uk Appendix A AppUcation process map for Stalking Protection Orders (SPOs) - I I SPO applicatio; heard in court : I I I le SP; granted I 10 SPO refused I ..I.. ?- I f Breach court file prepared. I T I Breach heard in court. I Cll711219 7. USE OF CAUTIONS Where a caution is administered the facts on which the caution was based cannot be used as part of the alleged course of conduct in any subsequent prosecution for harassment. The fact that a caution has been issued, however, may be relevant in the context of the bad character or reprehensible behaviour provisions for showing that the subject was aware of the provisions of the Protection from Harassment Act (PHA). The legislation allows the court to impose on conviction a restraining order. Cautioning, therefore, should not generally be considered unless there are overriding reasons why it should. The safety of a victim should never be compromised by our decision to caution an offender. In relation to domestic abuse related cases you must follow guidance within the Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure. PIN/Warning Notices should not be used in Stalking or Harassment cases. This is following on from the advice from the ÒLiving in FearÓ report (Living in fear Ð the police and CPS response to harassment and stalking - HMICFRS (justiceinspectorates.gov.uk). This is the direction from DCC Mills National Lead for Stalking and Harassment. 8. VICTIMS COLLECTING THEIR OWN EVIDENCE In all appropriate cases victims should be encouraged to keep a diary/log of all the incidents (Form 271: Stalking and Harassment Diary). All information should be recorded in one diary where possible and victims should write incidents in them as soon as possible after the