mother of the child when the child is born; • an unmarried father registered on the childÕs birth certificate at the time of their birth; • guardians; and • persons named in a Child Arrangements Order. The requirement in the first case for Òfrequent contactÓ is intended to ensure that a person who, in law, has parental responsibility for a girl, but who in practice has little or no contact with her, would not be liable. For example, where the parents of a girl were separated and lived apart with one parent having little or no contact with the daughter, the intention is that that parent would not be liable for the offence. Similarly, the requirement in the second case that the person should be caring for the girl Òin the manner of a parentÓ is intended to ensure that a person who is looking after a girl for a very short period Ð such as a babysitter Ð would not be liable. A person who has assumed responsibility for caring for the girl in the manner of a parent may include, for example, grandparents with whom the girl has gone to stay for an extended summer holiday. In such circumstances, those persons with parental responsibility for the girl would continue to be liable for the offence. It is not intended, for example, to include teachers working in their professional capacity. In either case, liability for the offence is subject to two statutory defences. The first defence is that the defendant did not think that there was a significant risk of FGM being committed, and they could not reasonably have been expected to be aware of such a risk. The second defence is that the defendant took such steps as he or she could reasonably have been expected to take to protect the girl from becoming a victim of FGM. If the defendant produces sufficient evidence of either defence, the onus would then be on the prosecution to prove that the defence does not apply. What constitutes reasonable steps would depend on the circumstances of the case. For example, the steps considered reasonable for a woman to take in the case where her overbearing and violent husband or another family member has arranged for FGM to be carried out on their daughter may well differ from those taken by a woman who is not subject to those pressures. Whether a defendant has taken such steps as could reasonably have been expected will need to be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Any person found guilty of an offence under section 3A of the 2003 Act is liable to a maximum penalty of 7 yearsÕ imprisonment or a fine (or both). 3.1.2 Extra-Territorial Offences Section 4(1) of the 2003 Act extends sections 1 to 3 to extra-territorial acts so that it is also an offence for a UK national or UK resident to: • perform FGM outside the UK (sections 4 and 1 of the 2003 Act); • assist a girl to