the Taser system in the UK. This can only be effectively achieved through an efficient system of post-incident medical audit. 72. The recommendations below may have implications for the medical management of individuals exposed to the Taser system. There may also be implications for use policy and user guidance and training. 73. Several of the recommendations point to the need for additional research to inform further the analysis of the medical risks associated with Taser use, but DOMILL remains of the view that the risk of serious adverse medical outcome from exposure to the Taser is low, provided the system is employed by trained users in accordance with ACPO policy and guidance. This 37 http://www.braidwoodinquiry.ca/ (retrieved 04 Jan 2011). 38 Deaths during or following police contact: Statistics for England and Wales 2009/10. IPCC Research and Statistics Series: Paper 18. http://www.ipcc.gov.uk/deaths_report_2009-10_v5.pdf (retrieved 04 Jan 2011). 39 http://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/1651953.family_attacks_inquest_ruling_on_taser_death/ (retrieved 21 Sep 2010). 40 http://www.cumbria.police.uk/news/latest-news/ipcc-continue-investigating-death-of-dale-burns (retrieved 03 Jan 2012). 11 view is confirmed by the consistently low incidence of reports of adverse outcomes arising from use of the Taser system in the UK, together with the relatively low rates of reported adverse outcomes internationally. 74. No evidence has come to light in this most recent review of evidence relevant to the Taser X26 and M26 systems to contradict the views expressed in DOMILL?s earlier statements concerning the overall medical implications of these less-lethal options.4 Recommendations 75. For the majority of known Taser injury mechanisms (para. 12), reducing the physiological burden imposed by the discharge would likely reduce the risk of adverse outcome. DOMILL, therefore, considers that the duration of application of Taser discharge should be limited to that necessary to achieve the desired operational effect. Multiple discharges should be avoided where tactically feasible. These recommendations further reinforce advice given to users in the ACPO Guidance on Operational Use of Taser.41 76. It is not known whether there is a risk of cardiac capture with the Taser X26 or M26 (paras. 14- 21). If there is a risk, then children and thin adults may be more vulnerable to discharge administered through barbs that have penetrated the frontal chest in the region overlying the heart. Although DOMILL does not provide operational advice on Taser point-of-aim, the Committee notes that any risk that does exist would be mitigated by avoiding, where tactically feasible, the firing of barbs into the frontal chest overlying the heart. While the outcome of a short (five second) period of rapid cardiac capture, should it occur in an otherwise healthy individual, would likely be benign (para. 17), those with established heart conditions or who are under the influence of certain drugs may be at higher risk (paras. 18-19). There is a need for further human experimental studies to inform the risk of cardiac capture from the Taser devices currently available for police use in the UK. 77. Individuals with heart disease, or who have taken certain prescription or recreational drugs, may be more likely to experience adverse cardiac effects as a result