be accepted that where the lenderÕs certificate authorises the possession of a sound moderator, the act of lending the rifle to another person (the borrower) includes the lending of the sound moderator that may be fitted to it. Firearms for personal protection 12.81 Applications for the grant of a firearm certificate for the applicantÕs, or anotherÕs, protection, or that of premises, should be refused on the grounds that firearms are not an acceptable means of protection in Great Britain. It has been the view of successive Governments for many years that the private possession and carriage of firearms for personal protection is likely to lead to an increase in levels of violence. This principle should be maintained in the case of applications from representatives of banks and firms protecting valuables or large quantities of money, or from private security guards and bodyguards. The exception to this would be armed guards on UK flagged ships, the justification being the unique threat posed by piracy to cargo and passenger ships in specific high risk geographical areas. Members of the Armed Forces and Police Authorised Firearms Officers 12.82 A person in the Armed Forces who wishes to purchase, acquire or have in their possession any firearm for their own private use (that is, as a private citizen rather than in the course of their military duties) must apply to the local chief officer of police for a certificate, and have their application considered in the normal way (including payment of the appropriate fee). ÒMilitary trainingÓ, ÒTA trainingÓ and Òmembership of the Army Rifle AssociationÓ are not considered to meet the Ògood reasonÓ requirement. Possible reasons for the grant of a certificate include: membership of a recognised civilian or military target shooting club, sporting purposes, or shooting vermin. Similar provisions apply to applications from police Authorised Firearms Officers who wish to shoot in a private capacity. 12.83 The Ministry of Defence would appreciate a report being sent to the Commanding Officer of any member of the armed forces who requests a Firearm Certificate quoting ÒMilitary TrainingÓ or ÒTA TrainingÓ as Ògood reasonÓ to possess a privately owned firearm. Reloading ammunition (home loading) 12.84 Certificate holders often load their ammunition in order to improve the accuracy of their firearms. There are too many technical factors to cover within this guidance, and advice should be sought from shooting associations or competent reloaders if the need arises. 112 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 12.85 For quarry shooting some bullet designs (soft nose, hollow nose, ballistic tip, thin or thick jacketed or core bonded) may be preferred over another with regard to their behaviour when they strike the quarry or pest species. Certificate holders often develop their preferences based on their own research and development through home loading. 12.86 Whilst there may be some small cost benefit, more often the reasons for home loading are the pursuit of accuracy, safety and performance. Where performance is involved; different quarry types and their physical makeup, the different ranges in which