and AI experts with a mission to identify, assess, report on and prepare for AI associated risks on an ongoing basis. CAIRF will: Maintain a holistic view of risks across the AI ecosystem by monitoring current and emerging AI risks facing the UK and assessing their likelihood and impact. Report on AI risk to inform government intervention and regularly report assessments of risks and mitigations to Ministers and ensure coordination and interoperability with the National Security Risk Assessment (NSRA). Ensure that HMG can effectively respond to AI risks and issues if discovered. 2.13 Data is the beating heart of AI and is the foundation for modelling, training and developing AI systems. Various functions across the UK government are taking a leading role in ensuring that AI and data can be used for good, safely. Our proposed Code of Practice and global standard will complement this work.[footnote 18] 2.14 Our work on the cyber security of AI, which is the focus of this Call for Views, builds on existing and developing efforts to tackle risks stemming from the misuse of AI technologies. Taken together, this demonstrates the UK governmentﾃ不 ambition to ensure that the benefits of AI innovation can be realised safely and responsibly. 3: Voluntary Code of Practice and Global Standard 3.1 Based on the evidence available, set out in Annex A, we have determined that a two-part intervention based on a voluntary Code of Practice and a global standard will help address the cyber security risks to AI. Subject to feedback received, this will require finalising a voluntary Code of Practice and developing a global standard based on this Code.[footnote 19] 3.2 It is the Governmentﾃ不 intention, subject to the feedback of this consultation, to submit an updated voluntary Code of Practice to the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) in September 2024 to help inform the development of this global standard on baseline cyber security for AI systems and models. Taking the voluntary Code of Practice and research (outlined in 1.17) from this work into a standards organisation will ensure the future standard is of a high quality and informed by data and extensive global feedback. 3.3 This Call for Views will only be the start of the process for stakeholders to contribute to this work. In addition to this Call for Views, we will continue to actively seek feedback and engagement as our work progresses. We also encourage stakeholders to participate in the standards development process, and to note that there will be a consultation phase for national standards bodies as part of ETSIﾃ不 typical standards development process. 3.4 In addition to this Code of Practice, several other options (set out in Annex E) have been considered in support of the programmeﾃ不 objectives. The Government created a criteria to assess the effectiveness of each policy option, including the voluntary Code of Practice and the creation of a global standard. Each intervention was tested to determine if it would address the issues raised from the evidence findings and promote