medical cause of death, the Home Office registered forensic pathologist will take samples of tissue and bodily fluids. This may include whole or parts of organs of the body for examination by sub-specialty medical or scientific experts. Police Seizure of human tissue In the investigation of a homicide or in suspicious death cases, as with all criminal investigations, it is essential that the appropriate lawful power is used to enable the seizure and continued lawful retention of evidence by police. The main sources of law relating to powers of seizure of evidence in the investigation of crime by the police are provided under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (ÔPACE 1984) (particularly section 19) and the common law. Police will rely on their common law powers of seizure when they are not on premises. Note however that the definition of premises in section 23 of PACE 1984 is broad. It includes Ôany placeÕ and in particular vehicles, tents and movable structures, so in reality, rarely will it be necessary for the police to rely on their common law powers. Under section 19 of PACE 1984, an officer lawfully on premises may seize material which he has reasonable grounds for believing is evidence of an offence and that it is necessary to seize it in order to prevent it being lost, altered or destroyed. The Police have a lawful right to be present at a post mortem examination in accordance with CIR 2013 and it therefore follows that they have a right to take tissue samples under section 19 of PACE, provided of course that the requirements of this section are met. It should be noted that while any human tissue samples that are retained during a post mortem examination conducted for criminal justice purposes and seized under police powers, are likely to be exempt from the Human Tissue Act 2004 (ÔHTA 2004Õ), the Home Office and the Human Tissue Authority (ÔHTAÕ) recommend that the principles of the HTA 2004 and relevant codes of practice are followed. In some circumstances, material initially taken by the forensic pathologist at a post mortem examination on behalf of the coroner may need to be seized as evidence by the police. Such cases may arise where tissue from a non-forensic post mortem examination was initially taken for the purposes of the coroner, but later information comes to light that leads the police to believe that they are dealing with a homicide or that the death is suspicious. In the same way as any other evidence seized by police under section 19 of PACE 1984, human tissue can lawfully be retained under section 22 of PACE 1984. It should be noted that section 22 of PACE 1984 only applies to human tissue seized under section 19 of PACE 1984. If human tissue is seized by police using their common law powers, then their power to retain it is determined by the common law too. Sections 19 and 22 of PACE 1984 are drafted widely to