pre-1919 frames but most other working parts made after that date. However, minor repair work or the replacement of a single part would not invalidate the original date of manufacture. Part of a collection 9.18 The terms of section 7(1) of the 1997 Act require that the person must be authorised by a certificate, subject to a condition that he only possesses, purchases, or acquires it for the purpose of its being kept or exhibited as part of a collection. As this is a statutory requirement, the police must be satisfied that the collection is genuine, rather than merely a device to get round the terms of the Act. The same principle applies where a section 7(3) application depends upon the firearm forming a part of a collection (see paragraphs 9.19 and 9.25 (iv)). See Chapter 12 for further information on collecting firearms. 9.19 In deciding whether a gun is part of a collection, the police will wish to consider the following points: (i) A ÒcollectionÓ of firearms will normally have to consist of several related firearms of historic interest, rather than only one or two guns (but see (iii) below about being part of a larger collection of other artefacts). For example, these might be other firearms to which section 7(1) of the 1997 Act might apply, guns held at a designated site under section 7(3) of the 1997 Act, or firearms under section 1 or section 2 of the 1968 Act, or ÒantiqueÓ firearms held under the terms of section 58(2) of the 1968 Act, or muzzle-loading guns. These should all be part of a coherent collection, rather than held for game-shooting or other purposes. (ii) The collection would be expected to be of historic interest, rather than simply of personal or sentimental interest to the owner. Owners would normally be expected to produce supporting evidence, for example a letter from a national museum or a relevant society or interest group, that the collection was of genuine historic value. 69 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (iii) A firearm could be possessed under this section if it is part of a collection of other artefacts so long as the firearm is a significant component of the collection. This may be the case where the firearm forms a small part of a larger and established collection of related historic items, for example those relating to a famous historical figure. The police may reject ÒcollectionsÓ of other artefacts put forward mainly to support the possession of a single firearm; (iv) Genuine collectors of firearms for their own interest will often, though not always, be established members of the learned societies in this field, for example the Historical Breechloading Smallarms Association or the Vintage Arms Association; (v) The collection will usually need to be established and substantial before a firearm certificate with a section 7 condition is granted. The police will not normally grant a certificate for a single gun to begin a collection, unless there is very strong evidence that this