small number of cases. in which a decision not to prosecute when the UK has extra territorial jurisdiction over the offence is challenged by way of a judicial review. Such cases will incur costs for the Crown Prosecution Service and the Courts but (as of June 2012) there have been no instance where the argument has been successfully made that where domestic prosecution is an option it should be the preferred one. - - Fine enforcement costs - If the fines are not paid, there may be additional enforcement costs associaled with them. Monetised benefits: NIA Nonamonetised costs: NIA Non-monetised benefits: As the UK becomes more reliant on technology, and thus more vulnerable to cyber crime, the benefits of this policy will become more significant over time. Police will be able to intervene when a person obtains an article such as a trojan (malware) to use themselves with the intention of committing a CMA offence, before the actual cyber attack lakes place. Therefore the benefit will be fewer cyber attacks occurring. ¥ For example, a person may obtain malware to gain access.to another persons computer to directly enable theft of financial information directly as opposed to with the intention of supplying that malware to a third party. Under the new legislation, police can arrest that person for obtaining that malware for personal use to commit a CMA offence, before they gain access to the computer and steal information. By arresting the individual before the information is stolen, a cyber attack is prevented. The extension of extra territorial jurisdiction by nationality will cover all offences in the Computer Misuse Act and the pan-EU approach means that offenders who may have previouslyá escaped justice due to a gap in legislation or lack of clear legal procedure could be dealt with under clear EU and UK legislation. Furthermore, with the cross-EU implementation, it will also allow for other EU countries to extradite and prosecute their own nationals committing computer offences in the UK. Implementing the EU Directive has a number of non-monetised reputational benefits: • maintains the UK's position as a world leader in the field of combating cyber crime and cyber security; • reinforces the message that the UK is a pre-eminent safe space for individuals and businesses to operate online; • the UK will continue to set the precedent for creating strong and robust legislation to prosecute and punish cyber criminals; • encourages other countries to introduce robust legislation in this area; and • provides a consistent approach across Europe. • In order for the policy to break-even, the benefits of the change in legislation (the potential prevention of future cyber attacks and also the reputational benefits) will need to outweigh the costs of up to £235k per prosecution. Risks • As the threat of cyber crime changes and individuals have greater access to malware, there is a risk that there could be an increase in prosecutions under section 3A. • The changes to the legislation will only lead to a