to be provided. However the public are likely to have all sorts of queries and perhaps offers, to direct towards the responder bodies. Responders should plan how to make best use of helplines and public inquiry points (which may be telephone, e-mail or SMS based, or multimedia) in any emergency. These can either provide a limited amount of recorded information, or connect with a call centre where people answer individual questions. 7.91. Helplines may already be in place for other purposes. Plans can be developed to take them over and provide their staff with relevant briefing or suitable recorded messages. Facilities run by other operators or companies in the area may also be co-opted into the public information effort as a result of protocols put in place in advance. 7.1. 7.92. Setting up a dedicated call centre from scratch is a significant undertaking, but may be achieved quite quickly if suitable call-off contracts have been put in place as part of the planning process. The Police Casualty Bureau and the Consulate Crisis Group of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office regularly operate effective call centres. Responders might also consider working with voluntary sector organisations, for example, through the British Red Cross to provide this function as they may have the capability. However, it is essential to ensure that the people working at the call centres are competent, fully briefed and provided with a core brief. It is important to consider the capacity of the system, and Category 1 responders should take advice from network providers to avoid the risk of overloading the telephone system. 7.93. Such inquiry points are not a panacea. There will always be a significant proportion of dissatisfied callers, whatever the method used - callers for whom the recorded message is inadequate or unsuitable, or who cannot get answers to their particular questions, or who simply cannot get through because the lines are too busy. Planning should address the management of callers expectations, to limit irritation and disappointment, by establishing procedures to make it clear what information is available and how busy the lines are. The fact that the casualty bureau does not provide information directly over the phone places an onus on Category 1 responders (for example local authorities), as part of integrated emergency management, to plan to set up a public information line. This may be achieved through the use of the British Red Cross co-ordinated support line, provided through its Memorandum of Understanding with the Association of Chief Police Officers, or through the use of the voluntary sector delivered facility referred to in paragraph 7.91. Such support lines do not provide information about casualties, of course, but they may be able to provide callers with a range of practical and emotional support, including the provision of travel and accommodation advice to relatives and friends who may wish to come to the area. Planning to provide public information lines will help ease the burden on the casualty bureau. Planning should also include special arrangements in the