Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing demonstrating why the power is necessary and proportionate. Such evidence may indicate that there is a high level of risk that the respondent will breach the conditions of the injunction (e.g. evidence of previous non-compliance with other police or court orders), as well as the level of risk the respondent poses to the community should any of the conditions of the injunction be breached (e.g. a history of violent behaviour towards others). Applicants should be aware that applying to the court to attach the power of arrest to any condition could lessen their control over breach proceedings. Where no such power is attached, the decision to pursue breach proceedings rests with the applicant. However, where a power of arrest is attached, the arrest of a respondent for breach may be likely to result in breach proceedings. 26 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 9. Applying for Injunctions The 2009 Act provides for applications to be made Ôwith noticeÕ or Ôwithout noticeÕ to the respondent. 9.1. ÔWithout noticeÕ hearings The 2009 Act gives applicants the right to apply for injunctions without giving notice to the respondent against whom the injunction is being sought. Applications Ôwithout noticeÕ should not be routine, and should not be used in place of adequate preparation for Ôwith noticeÕ hearings. A Ôwithout noticeÕ application may be appropriate under the following circumstances: • if urgent injunctive relief is necessary to prevent gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing; • if there is a significant risk the respondent may flee if given prior notice of an injunction application; or • if giving notice of an injunction application would be likely to put witnesses at risk of harm. A Ôwithout noticeÕ application might be appropriate, for example, in a situation of escalating tensions between gangs where there is intelligence to indicate that reprisal acts of violence are imminent. In this instance the applicant might seek an injunction against either the likely victim or perpetrator of anticipated violence, to prevent them from crossing into another gangÕs territory. A Ôwithout noticeÕ application for an interim injunction is more likely to be granted if the applicant is able to present evidence that specific acts of violence are likely to occur, rather than relying more generally on a respondentÕs history and character suggesting that they are involved in gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing habitually. Although Ôwithout noticeÕ hearings are likely to be held where there is need for urgent relief, it is nonetheless incumbent on the applicant to ensure that any evidence presented is correct and complete. If an application is made Ôwithout noticeÕ, the court can either dismiss the application or adjourn the hearing. The court does not have the power to grant a full injunction at a Ôwithout noticeÕ hearing. If the hearing is adjourned, the court has the power to grant an interim injunction. Therefore, if applicants are applying for a Ôwithout noticeÕ injunction and want the court to grant