that use continues or is repeated; and (b) it appears to him that the use has continued or been repeated after the warning. (5) Subsection (4) does not require a warning to be given by a constable on any occasion on which he would otherwise have the power to seize a motor vehicle under this section ifÑ (a) the circumstances make it impracticable for him to give the warning; (b) the constable has already on that occasion given a warning under that subsection in respect of any use of that motor vehicle or of another motor vehicle by that person or any other person; (c) the constable has reasonable grounds for believing that such a warning has been given on that occasion otherwise than by him; or (d) the constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the person whose use of that motor vehicle on that occasion would justify the seizure is a person to whom a warning under that subsection has been given (whether or not by that constable or in respect the same vehicle or the same or a similar use) on a previous occasion in the previous twelve months. (6) A person who fails to comply with an order under subsection (3)(a) is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (7) Subsection (3)(c) does not authorise entry into a private dwelling house. (8) The powers conferred on a constable by this section shall be exercisable only at a time when regulations under section 60 are in force. (9) In this sectionÑ ÒdrivingÓ has the same meaning as in the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52); Òmotor vehicleÓ means any mechanically propelled vehicle, whether or not it is intended or adapted for use on roads; and Òprivate dwelling houseÓ does not include any garage or other structure occupied with the dwelling house, or any land appurtenant to the dwelling house. 60 Retention etc. of vehicles seized under section 59 (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as toÑ (1) 122 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the removal and retention of motor vehicles seized under section 59; and (b) the release or disposal of such motor vehicles. (2) Regulations under subsection (1) may, in particular, make provisionÑ (a) for the giving of notice of the seizure of a motor vehicle under section 59 to a person who is the