hold them to account. • Review professional training and development to ensure residents receive a high standard of customer service. Improving landlord engagement 89. Engagement can take many forms, but the crucial factor is that it is tailored appropriately. There will be tenants who want to proactively engage with the policies of their landlord, and others who simply want to know that their landlord is thinking of them in the way it implements change and is keeping them informed. We expect all landlords to tailor their engagement in the future. 90. We want to see landlords inform and engage tenants in an effective way. Many landlords do this well already, but this is not the case for all landlords. Engagement opportunities can range from involvement in surveys, focus groups and local events to membership of the organisationÕs Board or scrutiny panel. Important sector-led initiatives, such as the National Housing FederationÕs ÔTogether with TenantsÕ campaign, are also playing a key role in making organisations more transparent and accessible. We want to build on this and embed a culture of continuous improvement in landlordsÕ approach to tenant engagement. We want to ensure that they do more to draw on and learn from best practice on engagement, including from other sectors. We will expect the Regulator of Social Housing to require landlords to show how they have sought out and considered ways to improve tenant engagement. Resident Empowerment 91. The conversations we have had with residents in creating this White Paper have been fundamental to our understanding of what is important to people living in social housing. We will commit to ongoing ministerial engagement to continue to listen to residents and enable them to have their voices heard. This will ensure residents are kept at the heart of future policymaking and can continue to shape social housing. 92. To support residents to engage effectively, we will deliver a new opportunities and empowerment programme open to all social housing residents, to support their effective engagement with landlords. The programme will deliver a range of learning and support activities, as well as providing information for residents on ways to get involved, including their opportunities and rights to do this. Through this work, residents will be given the tools to better influence and hold landlords to account and drive delivery of higher quality services that are focused on their needs. We will work with tenant led national bodies to set out a plan for how best we can support residents to take part in scrutiny activities which are so important in holding their landlord to account. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 47 48 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Tackling Loneliness 93. Engagement is more than just resident involvement with landlords. It is also about engaging with your neighbours and community. Tackling loneliness and supporting people to have meaningful social relationships is crucial to peopleÕs physical and mental health. Social housing residents have a similar