of the family are expected to control their children. Parents who publicly fail to do so may lose status in the community as a result. • Becoming ÔWesternisedÕ (Clothes, Behaviour, Attitude) - Families who allow their children to assimilate into wider society can be seen as betraying their origins, their community and their ancestors. • Sexual Relationships / Behaviour before Marriage - Many honour-based cultures put a high premium on a girlÕs virginity and sexual fidelity. Families whose women are believed to have extra-marital relationships (even of a non-sexual kind) can suffer a decline in honour and social standing. Further from this, as mentioned previously members of the community who are Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual or Transgender (LGBT+) are particularly vulnerable and may not be ÔoutÕ to their families due to the ÔhonourÕ repercussions. The confidential nature of such a disclosure to Police must be recognised and maintained. • Use of Drugs or Alcohol - Drinking alcohol and using drugs not endorsed by religion, culture or tradition can bring shame on families because their children are seen as abandoning or rejecting the values of their parents, their family and their community. • Interfaith or intercommunity relationships - Families who allow their children to enter into interfaith relationships can be seen as betraying their origins, their community & their ancestors, and seen as not keeping their faith or heritage pure. • Gossip Ð SHOULD NOT BE UNDERESTIMATED AS A RISK FACTOR. Rumours and gossip Ð even if untrue Ð can damage the status of a family or an individual. Families are often less concerned with the immoral acts themselves than they are with them becoming known about in the community at large. As honour is an intangible asset dependent on a communityÕs perceptions, an ÔimmoralÕ act doesnÕt become ÔshamefulÕ or ÔdishonourableÕ until it becomes public knowledge. • Leaving a spouse or seeking a divorce Ð Women who attempt to leave a relationship are seen as dishonouring an entire family and retribution may be sought against them. Any meetings with a solicitor or reports that are made to the police may be perceived as dishonourable as it is discussing family business outside of the family. Specific behaviours, attitudes and actions that may constitute ÔdishonourÕ: (List is not exhaustive) • Reporting Domestic Abuse • Smoking cigarettes or drinking alcohol • Inappropriate make-up or dress • Running away from home • ÔAllowingÕ rape or sexual assault • The existence of a boyfriend • Pregnancy outside of marriage • • Interfaith relationships or friendships • Rejecting a forced or arranged marriage • Leaving a spouse or seeking divorce • Kissing, holding hands or other intimacy in a public place • Gay men or lesbian women who are declaring their sexuality The consequences of dishonour The consequences for a person who damages their honour or that of their family or community can be extreme - sometimes lethal - and include the following: Honour killingsÕ are the ultimate sanction against (mostly) women who are perceived to have brought