the productivity implications of any new expectation on policing. The Role of Organisations that Review or Inspect Policing HMICFRS and the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) have a crucial role to play in ensuring that policing in England and Wales can maintain their high standard of service to the public, whilst identifying areas in which improvements can be made. Driving Improvement through Science and Technology Investment in Technology The Home Office acknowledges the opportunities that new and innovative technology could bring to policing and will be providing an uplift of over £65 million in policing innovation and technology budgets in 2024/25, enabling piloting and roll out of new technology for the police in England and Wales. This technology will improve productivity by allowing police officers to spend less time on admin and more time on frontline duties. Many of the innovations we will be funding were highlighted by the Review. These include Facial Recognition; automating data-processing tasks via Robotic Process Automation; automating the redaction of personal information from video and audio; automating the preparation of digital evidence for case files; automating vetting checks for officer recruits; and enabling the interviewing of witnesses and victims by Rapid Video Response video call, allowing them to share information sooner and more discreetly than in person. The Government is also going beyond the ReviewÕs recommendations and is developing and assessing a wide variety of other technologies which can improve productivity. This investment will also establish a fund to support police forcesÕ most promising AI projects for improving productivity. All use of AI by Policing will be subject to the Covenant for Using AI in Policing that was endorsed by the NPCC in September 2023. The Home Office also continues to provide other existing funding, including £9.5 million to deliver science and technology (S&T) development and advice to policing in 2024/25. Developing Technology Capability within Policing Policing is already making good progress towards exploring and adopting innovative technologies, for example the creation of an Authorised Professional Practice document by the College of Policing on Technology, and the development of an AI Covenant for Policing by the Police Chief Scientific Advisor. It will be important to ensure alignment with existing assurance activities in this area to avoid duplication and for policing to note the strategic direction of the UKÕs national laboratories. The Home Office will also continue to provide active leadership to ensure policing has a regulatory and legislative framework that enables technological innovation and use, for example through its sponsorship of the Biometric and Forensics Ethics Group. The Home Office agree that it needs to be easier for forces to adopt new science and technology-based solutions at pace. That is why the Home Office is investing in co- ordination activity across policing, by funding elements of the NPCC such as the Police Chief Scientific AdvisorÕs office. More generally, the Home Office provides national capabilities funding to accelerate adoption at a national level of technologies that have been successfully demonstrated locally. The vast majority of