and crime panel (as to which see paragraph 25). (5) Panel arrangements may make different provision for different cases. (6) The following persons must comply with the panel arrangements relating to a police and crime panelÑ (a) each relevant local authority; (b) each member of the police and crime panel. Rules of procedure 25 (1) A police and crime panel must make rules of procedure for the panel. 23 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 189 (2) A police and crime panel's rules of procedure must make provision about the appointment, resignation and removal of a person to chair the panel. (3) The police and crime panel's rules of procedure may, in particular, make provision aboutÑ (a) the method of making decisions, and (b) the formation of sub-committees. (4) A sub-committee of a police and crime panel may not co-opt members. (5) This paragraph is subject to paragraph 27. Voting by members 26 All members of a police and crime panel may vote in proceedings of the panel. Exercise of special functions 27 (1) The special functions of a police and crime panel may not be discharged by a committee or sub-committee of the panel. (2) In this paragraph Òspecial functionsÓ means the functions conferred on a police and crime panel byÑ (a) section 28(3) (scrutiny of police and crime plan); (b) section 28(4) (scrutiny of annual report); (c) paragraphs 10 and 11 of Schedule 1; (d) Schedule 5 (issuing precepts); and (e) Part 1 of Schedule 8 (scrutiny of appointment of chief constables). [F205(3) The references in sub-paragraph (2) to section 28(3) and (4) and Schedule 5 include those provisions as applied in relation to a fire and rescue authority by virtue of Schedule A2 to the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004.] 190 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Allowances 28 The panel arrangements may make provision about the payment of allowances to members of the police and crime panel. Promotion of, and support, for panels 29 The panel arrangements must make provision forÑ (a) the role of the police and crime panel to be promoted; (b) administrative and other support to be given to the police and crime panel and its members; (c) support and guidance to be given toÑ (i) members of relevant local authorities, (ii) members of the executives (if any) of relevant local authorities, and (iii) officers of relevant local authorities, in relation to the functions