misinformation through publicity activities. The local authority, police and other partners should circulate new information for the applicant to add to the case file. It is the responsibility of the applicant to manage and update the case file. It is particularly important for up to date information on the injunction to be shared with the incoming court when a transfer has occurred from the Youth Court when a respondent has reached the age of 18. 15.2. Post-legislative review of gang injunctions Section 50 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 required the Secretary of State to review the implementation of gang injunctions and table before Parliament a report on the outcome of this review within three years of their commencement. The review document was published on 11 February 2014 and is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/review-of-the- operation-of-injunctions-to-prevent-gang-related-violence. 15.3. Ongoing monitoring of gang injunctions A post-legislative review of the Crime and Courts Act 2013 and Serious Crime Act 2015 will be required. To assist with this, police and local authorities should keep local records of the number and detail of applications made for injunctions, their outcomes and operational effectiveness. 51 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 15.4. Equality Impact Assessment There is a legal obligation to undertake an equalities impact assessment (EIA) in relation to race, disability and gender when public bodies are developing new or existing policies. In accordance with best practice, it is suggested that the following areas should be considered: • race; • disability; • gender; • gender identity; • religion and belief; • sexual orientation; and • age. In accordance with legal requirements, an EIA was published alongside the 2009 Act. A revised EIA was produced alongside the Serious Crime Act 2015. This statutory guidance has undergone checks from an equalities perspective to ensure the 2009 Act has not been interpreted in such a way as to discriminate against any group. 52 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 16. Consideration of the public sector equality duty Applicants must also remember that, in accordance with section 149 of The Equality Act 2010, all considerations and decisions in relation to applications for gang injunctions should be made with due regard to the need to eliminate discrimination, harassment and victimisation, and advance equality of opportunity regardless of factors such as age, disability, gender, race, religion or belief or sexual orientation. 53 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Annex A Part 4 and Schedules 5 and 5A to the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (as amended by the Crime and Courts Act 2013 and the Serious Crime Act 2015): PART 4 Power to grant injunctions 34 Injunctions to prevent gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity (1) A court may grant an injunction under this section against a respondent aged 14 or over if the first and second conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the respondent has