section applies if— property is detained under section 127J, a restraint order is in force in respect of the property, and the order does not include provision under section 120A authorising the detention of the property. If within the period mentioned in section 127J an application is made for the order to be varied so as to include provision under section 120A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against (or review of)— the decision to refuse the application, or any decision made on an appeal against (or review of) that decision. 127M Further detention in other cases This section applies if— property is detained under section 127J, no restraint order is in force in respect of the property, and no application has been made for a restraint order which includes provision under section 120A authorising detention of the property. The sheriff may by order extend the period for which the property or any part of it may be detained under section 127J if satisfied that— any of the conditions in section 127B is met (reading references in that section to the officer as references to the sheriff), the property or part is realisable property other than exempt property (within the meaning of section 127C(4)), and there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that— the property may otherwise be made unavailable for satisfying any confiscation order that has been or may be made against the accused, or Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 63 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the value of the property may otherwise be diminished as a result of conduct by the accused or any other person. An application for an order may be made by— the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, a constable, or the prosecutor. If the property was seized in reliance on the first or second condition in section 127B, “the prosecutor” means a person who is to have conduct of any proceedings for the offence. An order under this section must provide for notice to be given to persons affected by it. In this section “part” includes portion. 127N Discharge, variation and lapse of detention order An order under section 127M may be discharged or varied. An application for variation or discharge of the order may be made by— a person mentioned in section