(a) for Òan authorityÓ substitute Ò a commissioner Ó; (b) for ÒitsÓ substitute Ò the commissioner's Ó. (11) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò a police and crime commissioner Ó; (b) for ÒitÓ (in both places) substitute Ò the commissioner Ó. 26 Precepts (1) The Local Government Finance Act 1992 is amended in accordance with subsections (2) and (3). (2) In section 39 (precepting and precepted authorities), in subsection (1) (major precepting authorities), for paragraph (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) a police and crime commissioner;Ó. (3) In section 65 (duty to consult ratepayers), in subsection (3) (definition of relevant authority), after Òmajor precepting authorityÓ insert Ò , apart from a police and crime commissioner Ó. (4) Schedule 5 (issuing precepts) has effect. 27 Other grants etc (1) Section 155 of the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 (emergency financial assistance to local authorities) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) and (3). (2) In subsection (1A) (grants to GLA functional bodies), for paragraph (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, orÓ. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 29 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 4 Ð Accountability of elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) In subsection (4) (meaning of local authority), for paragraph (ea) substituteÑ Ò(ea) a police and crime commissioner;Ó. (4) In section 33 of the Local Government Act 2003 (interpretation of Chapter 1 of Part 3: expenditure grant), in subsection (1) (meaning of local authority), for paragraph (m) substituteÑ Ò(m) a police and crime commissioner.Ó. CHAPTER 4 ACCOUNTABILITY OF ELECTED LOCAL POLICING BODIES Scrutiny of police and crime commissioners 28 Police and crime panels outside London (1) Each police area, other than the metropolitan police district, is to have a police and crime panel established and maintained in accordance with Schedule 6 (police and crime panels). [F17(1A) Subsection (1B) applies if the person who is the police and crime commissioner for a police area is also the fire and rescue authority for the area which corresponds to, or an area which falls within, the police area. (1B) The police and crime panel for the police area is to be known as Òthe Police, Fire and Crime PanelÓ.] (2) The functions of the police and crime panel for a police area must be exercised with a view to supporting the effective exercise of the functions of the police and crime commissioner for that police area. (3) A police and crime panel mustÑ (a) review the draft police and crime plan, or draft variation, given to the panel by the relevant police and crime commissioner in accordance with section 5(6) (c), and (b) make a report or recommendations on the draft plan or variation to the commissioner. (4) A police and crime panel