in Part 1, under the heading ÒPoliceÓ, for ÒThe MetropolitanÓ to Òsection 3 of that ActÓ, substituteÑ ÒA police and crime commissioner established under section 1 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime established under section 3 of that Act.Ó. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 339 SCHEDULE 17 Section 151 TEMPORARY CLASS DRUG ORDERS Amendments of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 1 The Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 is amended in accordance with paragraphs 2 to 20. 2 In section 2 (controlled drugs and their classification for purposes of Act), in subsection (1)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for the words after ÒspecifiedÓ substitute ÒÑ (i) in Part I, II or III of Schedule 2, or (ii) in a temporary class drug order as a drug subject to temporary control (but this is subject to section 2A(6));Ó, and (b) at the end of paragraph (b) insert Ò, and (c) the expression Òtemporary class drugÓ means any substance or product which is for the time being a controlled drug by virtue of a temporary class drug order;Ó. 3 After section 2 insertÑ Ò2A Temporary class drug orders (1) The Secretary of State may make an order (referred to in this Act as a Òtemporary class drug orderÓ) specifying any substance or product as a drug subject to temporary control if the following two conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the substance or product is not a Class A drug, a Class B drug or a Class C drug. (3) The second condition is thatÑ (a) the Secretary of State has consulted in accordance with section 2B and has determined that the order should be made, or (b) the Secretary of State has received a recommendation under that section that the order should be made. (4) The Secretary of State may make the determination mentioned in subsection (3)(a) only if it appears to the Secretary of State thatÑ (a) the substance or product is a drug that is being, or is likely to be, misused, and (b) that misuse is having, or is capable of having, harmful effects. (5) A substance or product may be specified in a temporary class drug order by reference toÑ (1) 340 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) the name of the substance or product, or (b) a description of the substance or product (which