2 years for 1 week in September in the Excel Centre in London. If you want to exhibit prohibited weapons at the event you will need a section 5 authority. If issued, this authority will only be valid for the period of the DSEI event and will be solely for the purpose of exhibiting prohibited weapons at the event. Along with the application form, you will need to provide a cover letter to include: the reason you are applying for a section 5 authority (maximum 2 pages) your RFD certificate number or whether you have applied for an RFD Your application form must include a UK address for the invoice details. If you do not have a UK address then you must use the DSEI address, stating your company name. The DSEI address is: c/o The Defence and Security Equipment International exhibition The Excel Centre Victoria Dock Road E16 1XL For more information on the event, visit the DSEI website. England and Wales Scotland Shooting clubs England and Wales Applications will only be accepted by the Home O?ce. Do not apply directly to the police. We will review your application and pass it to the relevant police force, who will make necessary enquiries before sending the application to us for consideration. If you do not give us enough information and supporting evidence your application is likely to be rejected as invalid and you will need to submit it again. Before you apply, make sure you meet the criteria in the g uidance for rifle and muzzle loading pistol clubs. To renew a section 5 authority, you must apply at least 4 months before your current licence expires. This is because the Home O?ce will need to contact the police before considering the application. What happens next We will review your application and contact you if we need more information. We will also carry out checks, including inspecting any storage arrangements. Scotland Apply in writing to: Safer Communities Directorate Police Powers Unit St AndrewÕs House Edinburgh EH1 3DG Museum licences Museums must apply for a museum licence to display or store weapons or ammunition for exhibition purposes. Museums in England and Wales should apply online: for a new museum licence to renew an existing licence to amend an existing licence, such as adding new storage locations Licences cost up to £200 and are valid for 5 years. What a museum licence covers A museum licence covers: obtaining, owning, transfer and disposal of section 1 and section 2 weapons owning section 5 weapons transferring section 5 weapons to a museum in the same museum group, which is named on the licence You need a section 5 authority as well as a museum licence to: transfer section 5 weapons to a di?erent legal entity or organisation - for example, to loan to another museum dispose of section 5 weapons ItÕs free to apply for a section 5 authority. Who can apply You can only apply for a museum licence if youÕre: maintained by