the Commissioners are represented on the group, the Serious Organised Crime Agency, unless the Agency is represented on the group, the Secretary of State, unless the Secretary of State has made a nomination under section 24AG(4). A person notified under subsection (1) may object to the proposal by informing the group that the person objects. The person must give the group the reasons for the objection. The objection must be made before the end of the period of 30 days beginning with the day on which the person was notified of the proposal (“the 30 day period”). The group must consider an objection made by a person in accordance with this section. If the members of the group and the person are unable to reach agreement on whether or not the proposal should be withdrawn or varied in the light of the objection, the member of the group who represents the manager of the aerodrome must refer the matter under section 24AN(1) (disputes about security plans). A provision mentioned in subsection (1) may not be included in an aerodrome security plan or (as the case may be) may not be varied before the end of the 30 day period. If an objection is made in accordance with this section before the end of the 30 day period the provision may not be included in the plan or (as the case may be) may not be varied unless— 114 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the members of the group and the person who objected agree that it may be included or varied, or it is included or varied by virtue of section 24AQ (powers in relation to disputes about security plans). 24AJ Discharge of functions by security executive groups In exercising its functions, the security executive group for an aerodrome must have regard to— any directions given under section 12, 13, 13A or 14, the risk report for the aerodrome, any national threat assessment, and any guidance given by the Secretary of State which is relevant to the group's functions. The group must— consider each recommendation in the risk report, and ensure that a record of its decision whether to accept or reject the recommendation, together with the reasons for the decision, is appended to an aerodrome security plan. A member of the security executive group may not disclose any information received by the member in the exercise of the member's functions under this Part except— for the purpose of any of those functions, or for