Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes constitutes one or more criminal offences (whether under the law of a part of the United Kingdom or of a country or territory outside the United Kingdom); or is, or corresponds to, any conduct which, if it all took place in any one part of the United Kingdom, would constitute one or more criminal offences; and the references to an investigation and to a prosecution include references, respectively, to any investigation outside the United Kingdom of any crime or suspected crime and to a prosecution brought in respect of any crime in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom.” In paragraph (3), for “paragraph (3A)” there shall be substituted “ the following provisions of this Article ”. For paragraphs (3A) and (3B) (power to retain samples for elimination purposes and restriction on use) there shall be substituted— “(3AA) Samples and fingerprints are not required to be destroyed under paragraph (3) if— they were taken for the purposes of the investigation of an offence of which a person has been convicted; and a sample or, as the case may be, fingerprint was also taken from the convicted person for the purposes of that investigation. (3AB) Subject to paragraph (3AC), where a person is entitled under paragraph (3) to the destruction of any fingerprint or sample taken from him (or would be but for paragraph (3AA)), neither the fingerprint nor the sample, nor any information derived from the sample, shall be used— in evidence against the person who is or would be entitled to the destruction of that fingerprint or sample; or for the purposes of the investigation of any offence; and paragraph (1B) applies for the purposes of this paragraph as it applies for the purposes of paragraph (1A). (3AC) Where a person from whom a fingerprint or sample has been taken consents in writing to its retention— that sample need not be destroyed under paragraph (3); and paragraph (3AB) shall not restrict the use that may be made of the fingerprint or sample or, in the case of a sample, of any information derived from it; and a consent given for the purposes of this paragraph shall not be capable of being withdrawn. (3AD) For the purposes of paragraph (3AC) it shall be immaterial whether the consent is given at, before or after the time when the entitlement to the destruction of the fingerprint or sample arises.” In paragraph (8)(a) (saving for power conferred by Immigration Act 1971 (c. 77)), after “1971” there shall be inserted “ or section 20 of