under the age of 18, the provisions of section 22 of the Firearms Act 1968 on acquisition and possession of firearms by minors will apply. Section 5 authorities 15.33 This authority allows dealers to possess, purchase or acquire, manufacture, sell or transfer prohibited weapons and prohibited ammunition as defined by section 5 of the 1968 Act. 15.34 The authority is issued subject to any condition the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers may think fit for the purpose of securing that the prohibited weapons or ammunition will not endanger the public safety or the peace. The authority shall be in writing with any conditions specified on it. This will include the numbers and types of prohibited weapons and ammunition so authorised and all other conditions and relevant matters. Where such an authority has been granted, the chief officer of police cannot refuse registration on the grounds of danger to the public safety or to the peace. 15.35 Those persons granted such authority will fall into three main groups: a) Those who possess, purchase, acquire, manufacture, sell or transfer Ð this group will be the subject of inspection and verification as registered firearms dealers. Frequency and levels of inspections should be set to the same levels as set out in the Statutory Guidance for Chief Officers of Police and should include all categories of prohibited weapons and ammunition authorised; or b) Those who only possess Ð this group will possess in connection with other activities, that is ammunition evaluation, armoured vehicle manufacture, ballistic tests, etc; or c) Those who only transport Ð this group is only responsible for the movement between authorised person and firms, and does not require any other certification. The movement and transport of prohibited weapons and ammunition by those persons/ companies authorised by the Secretary of State is subject to the conditions of that authority. The Home Office holds a current list of those so authorised and this can be provided upon request. 15.36 In relation to some sales and transfers this may require checks and information from outside this country and the assistance of other government departments may be required, for example the import or export of items. Close liaison with the FXOs of the Border Policing Command of the NCA should be fostered and maintained. Where there are specific grounds for suspicion, the FXO will, on request, supply details of the consignors, and the quantity and type of firearms previously imported. Additionally, where the general credibility of entries in the Firearms Register are 140 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law being tested, the FXO will, on request, provide details of a selection of future importations. 15.37 In checking registers/holdings, care should be taken in respect of those firearms which are subject to different controls depending on the circumstances in which they are held. Small firearms, for example, when held by a dealer are subject to section 5(1)(aba), but when they are possessed by a person holding a suitably conditioned firearm certificate become amenable to section