the Protocol to the Convention.” In section 153(1)(b) (return of person acquitted or not tried) for the words from “from” to the end substitute “ from a territory; ”. In section 197(2) (powers on escape from custody) after “Part 2” insert “ , or kept in custody by virtue of a power under Part 3, ”. Cases in which sentence treated as served The Extradition Act 2003 (c. 41) is amended as follows. In section 145(2) (sentence in territory executing Part 3 warrant) for “punishment for the offence must be treated as remitted” substitute “ sentence for the offence must be treated as served ”. In section 152 (sentence in United Kingdom)— in subsection (1)(a) for the words from “from” to the end substitute “ from a territory; ”, and in subsection (2) for “punishment for the offence must be treated as remitted” substitute “ sentence for the offence must be treated as served ”. Dealing with person for other offences The Extradition Act 2003 is amended as follows. Omit section 151 (dealing with person for other offences: other category 2 territories). Before section 152 insert— “151A Dealing with person for other offences This section applies if a person is extradited to the United Kingdom from a territory which is not— a category 1 territory, or a territory falling within section 150(1)(b). The person may be dealt with in the United Kingdom for an offence committed before the person's extradition only if— the offence is one falling within subsection (3), or the condition in subsection (4) is satisfied. 104 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The offences are— the offence in respect of which the person is extradited; an offence disclosed by the information provided to the territory in respect of that offence; an offence in respect of which consent to the person being dealt with is given on behalf of the territory. The condition is that— the person has returned to the territory from which the person was extradited, or the person has been given an opportunity to leave the United Kingdom. A person is dealt with in the United Kingdom for an offence if— the person is tried there for it; the person is detained with a view to trial there for it.” Ancillary matters Provisional arrest Section 6 of the Extradition Act 2003 (c. 41) (requirements in relation to person subject to provisional arrest) is amended as follows. For subsections (2) and (3) substitute— “(2) The person must be brought before the appropriate judge within 48