and timescales within which improvements will need to be made as well as identifying methods of achieving such improvements. Any additional training, re-training or support should be 1.1 mutually agreed by both parties and appropriate action taken. This should be put in writing to the probationer in the form of an Action Plan. The probationer should also be advised in writing that if the specified improvements are not met by 20th week review then a recommendation to the Head of Human Resources for dismissal may be made. 9.2 Details of the problems with supporting evidence, efforts made to resolve them and Action Plans must be placed with the appropriate review and forwarded to the Human Resources Department. 9.3 At the final stage of the reporting process a decision will be made by the line manager and the Human Resources Department as to the most appropriate course of action/ This may include extension of the probationary period which is dependent on certain circumstances, termination of employment or the staff member deciding to resign. 9.4 In circumstances where a probationary transferee fails to satisfactorily complete their probationary period, management will take all reasonable steps to re-deploy the individual. If an employee is re-deployed in these circumstances, the terms of appointment will be those appertaining to the post in question i.e. there is no protection of grades etc. If no other suitable positions are available, the employment may be terminated. 10. Unsatisfactory Performance - Extension of Probationary Period 10.1 Extensions to the probationary period will only be granted in circumstances whereby the post holder is unable to demonstrate their ability to perform to an acceptable standard within their role within the specified probationary period. These may be for reasons such as an additional training requirement or sickness absence. Following liaison with the Human Resources Department, line managers may request an extension to the probationary period. An extension will normally be for a maximum period of 3 months or in the cases of ill health, normally by the length of time lost to sickness absence. 10.2 Notification must be forwarded to the Human Resources Department as soon as this option is considered appropriate and reported in the post holderÕs review. 10.3 The individual will then continue to receive reviews at agreed periods to monitor their progress. 10.4 At the completion of the agreed extension, the final report will be completed with the recommendation to either confirm the appointment or terminate the individualÕs employment with Wiltshire Constabulary. 11. Unsatisfactory Performance Ð Dismissal 11.1 Where the line manager considers that there has been apparent misconduct, unsatisfactory work performance, poor attendance or unsatisfactory progress despite attempts to resolve these problems with the staff member in the form of action plans etc., the Human Resources Department will need to be consulted to determine whether the circumstances warrant a recommendation for dismissal. 11.2 If dismissal is a recommendation, a formal meeting should be arranged before the end of the probationary period. The probationer should be informed in writing by