this will be dependent on their specific job role; • Communications between management, staff associations/Unison and their representatives are mutually accepted as open and honest to encourage partnership working and improve the service to the public wherever possible; • The Human Resources Department will oversee the grading of police staff roles. The grade of a police staff role will be established though the ForceÕs agreed Job Evaluation mechanism (currently Hay) and in line with the Job Evaluation (Police Staff) Procedure. • • Police Officers promotions will be made in line with the National Police Promotion Framework; • Wiltshire Police develop and maintain effective and efficient administrative processes and procedures relating to the monitoring and recording of the ÒemploymentÓ lifecycle • Wiltshire Police develops and maintains clear procedures in relation to Attendance, Performance and Misconduct management. • Equality Impact Assessments will be completed for each HR related procedure; • Individual line managers/supervisors are responsible for ensuring that this policy is applied within their own teams, divisions and departments, with appropriate support from the HR Department. • When we are less than perfect, we will listen, learn and strive to improve; • Individual's health, health and safety and welfare needs are always considered; • That the process to be followed when a member of Police Staff decides to leave Wiltshire Police, either through voluntary resignation or retirement, will be stated on the People Services Portal Page (HR Direct). Under the LGPS Regulations Wiltshire Police is required to formulate, publish and keep under review policies with regard to the arrangements relating to the discretionary powers adopted by the Force. These policies will be detailed in appendix 1 of this policy document. Wiltshire Police has adopted the following areas of the Police Staff Council Handbook (PCSH): Working time, pay (except SAFF payments), sickness, maternity, appointments, travel and subsidies, payment in the event of death. Health and Wellbeing Wiltshire Police and OPCC operates an agile workforce allowing better work-life balance and flexibility. Staff who are not required for front line duties can flex their time between working from the office when required and from elsewhere at other times. This flexibility seeks to also support those with family responsibilities (children/relatives requiring additional care) ensuring commitments in their personal and work life can be better achieved. Standard working hours for a full-time police officer are 40 hours per week. Standard working hours for a full-time member of police staff are 37 hours per week. Under the Work and Families Act 2006 and the accompanying Flexible Working (Eligibility, Complaints and Remedies) (Amendment) Regulations 2006, a parent of a child under sixteen (under 18 if the child is disabled) and carers of 'relatives' of any age have the right to make a request for flexible working (see People Services Site for details on how to apply). Wiltshire Police and the OPCC have extended the right to request flexible working to all individuals with 26 weeks continuous service. Any applications for flexible working will be fully considered and if declined,