the public duty established in the Civil Contingencies Act (2004). However, before continuing, there are a few more actions that the LRF need to take: a) Consult the public in the LRF area What do the communities want to see put in place? What problems have they faced in previous incidents? For example, could they hear the off-site sirens? Do they understand the meaning of various siren tones? How would they like to be kept informed? Consultation could be carried out through door-to-door or postal surveys, websites, and consultation with elected members, public meetings, or setting up a stall in the local supermarket or shopping centre. b) Talk to the neighbouring LRFs and other practitioners What arrangements do neighbouring LRFs have in place? Talk to each other, and come to an understanding about the best way forward for the whole community. There are obvious advantages to partnership working. Joined-up arrangements across administrative boundaries can enhance the resilience of control measures and can help to improve the effectiveness of what would otherwise be Ôstand-aloneÕ arrangements. c) Seek out and take advantage of examples of good practice There are 42 LRFs in England and Wales, the key members of which are required to carry out this duty. As a result, there is already a range of good working practice in this area. Seek it out and let neighbouring LRFs know about the ideas that the task group has developed. Be prepared to be influenced also. As is often said in emergency planning circles, ÔdonÕt re-invent the wheelÕ Ð if one sees a good idea working in another area, adopt it for the LRF, and pass it on. Step 7 a) LRF to decide what is sufficient Ð set the standard. The Task Group is now at the stage where it needs to develop and agree recommendations to present to the LRF, on the basis of the work above. When doing so, consider the following factors: o Ensure that the LRF have consulted with all stakeholders, including other LRF task groups - be inclusive. o Put Ôaddress resilience issuesÕ in the task groupÕs recommendations: what resilience does the package of proposals have? For example, are the task group recommending any back-up systems should loss of power be experienced? Could the package be affected by staff shortages? o Is the recommended package multi-layered? It is very unlikely that one system will be sufficient to provide coverage for all Ôat-riskÕ communities. Consider how the LRF would communicate with the public (i) at different times of the day (or night) and (ii) who are living and working in different locations. Take this into account when designing the solutions package. Remember to design adaptability into the package, so that it can be enhanced in the future, be that as a result of changes to Public o Information Zones around COMAH sites, or changes to a particular riskÕs characteristics. o What are the risks that need the most urgent attention from a Ôcommunicating with the publicÕ duty perspective?