that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Power to require name and address 50 Persons [F475engaging in anti-social behaviour] (1) If a constable in uniform has reason to believe that a person [F476has engaged, or is engaging, in anti-social behaviour]F477..., he may require that person to give his name and address to the constable. [F478(1A) In subsection (1) Òanti-social behaviourÓ has the meaning given by section 2 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (ignoring subsection (2) of that section).] (2) Any person whoÑ (a) fails to give his name and address when required to do so under subsection (1), or (b) gives a false or inaccurate name or address in response to a requirement under that subsection, is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. Persons in police detention 51 Independent custody visitors for places of detention (1) Every [F479local policing body] shallÑ (a) make arrangements for detainees to be visited by persons appointed under the arrangements (Òindependent custody visitorsÓ); and (b) keep those arrangements under review and from time to time revise them as they think fit. [F480(1A) Every [F481local policing body] must ensureÑ Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 109 (a) that the arrangements made by it require independent custody visitors to prepare and submit to it a report of any visit made under the arrangements to a suspected terrorist detainee, and (b) that a copy of any report submitted under paragraph (a) is given to the person appointed under section 36(1) of the Terrorism Act 2006 (independent reviewer of terrorism legislation).] (2) The arrangements must secure that the persons appointed under the arrangements are independent of bothÑ (a) the [F482local policing body]; and (b) the chief officer of police of the police force maintained by [F483that body]. (3) The arrangements may confer on independent custody visitors such powers as the [F484local policing body] considers necessary to enable them to carry out their functions under the arrangements and may, in particular, confer on them powersÑ (a) to require access to be given to