with the local authority which (ignoring subsection (2) of that section) is the authority for the area that includes the restricted area. (7) In relation to a variation of a public spaces protection order that would increase the restricted area, the restricted area for the purposes of this section is the increased area. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 49 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F4872A Expedited orders: Convention rights and consents (1) A local authority, in decidingÑ (a) whether to make an expedited order (under section 59A) and if so what it should include, (b) whether to extend or reduce the period for which an expedited order has effect (under section 60A) and if so by how much, (c) whether to vary an expedited order (under section 61) and if so how, or (d) whether to discharge an expedited order (under section 61), must have particular regard to the rights of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly set out in articles 10 and 11 of the Convention. (2) In subsection (1) ÒConventionÓ has the meaning given by section 21(1) of the Human Rights Act 1998. (3) A local authority must obtain the necessary consents beforeÑ (a) making an expedited order, (b) extending or reducing the period for which an expedited order has effect, or (c) varying or discharging an expedited order. (4) If the order referred to in subsection (3) was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on section 59A(2)(a), Òthe necessary consentsÓ means the consent ofÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area that includes the restricted area, and (b) a person authorised (whether in specific or general terms) by the appropriate authority for the school or 16 to 19 Academy. (5) If the order referred to in subsection (3) was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on section 59A(2)(b), Òthe necessary consentsÓ means the consent ofÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area that includes the restricted area, and (b) a person authorised by the appropriate NHS authority. (6) In this sectionÑ Òappropriate authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a school maintained by a local authority, the governing body; (b) in relation to any other school or a 16 to 19 Academy, the proprietor; Òappropriate NHS authorityÓ meansÑ (a) if the order was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on sub- paragraph (i) of section 59A(2)(b), the NHS body