o w n e r o r occupier and any other person entitled to grant access are known to be absent; or • there are reasonable grounds for believing that to alert the owner, occupier or any other person entitled to grant access by attempting to communicate with them would frustrate the object of the search or endanger the person concerned or other people. 92. Before a search begins, the appropriate person must identify him or herself (subject to the provision in section 449A relating to pseudonyms of members of staff of the relevant Director) and show an official form of identification, state the purpose of the search and the grounds for undertaking it. The appropriate person does not need to comply with this provision if the circumstances detailed in paragraph 92 apply. Notice of powers and rights 93. The appropriate person must, unless it is impracticable to do so, provide the owner of or occupier of, or other person entitled to grant access to the premises with a copy of the warrant and in addition to the matters specified in paragraph 36, a notice30: • summarising the extent of the powers of search and seizure conferred in POCA; and • stating that a copy of this code is available to be consulted and giving a contact point at which it can be obtained. 94. If the owner, occupier or person entitled to grant access is present, copies of the notice mentioned above, and of the warrant must, if practicable, be given to the owner, occupier or person e n t i t l e d t o g r a n t a c c e s s before the search begins, unless the appropriate person reasonably believes that to do so would frustrate the object of the search or endanger those conducting the search or other people. If the o w n e r , occupier or person entitled to grant access is not present, copies of the notice and of the warrant must be left in a prominent place on the premises or appropriate part of the premises and endorsed with the name of the appropriate person (or the pseudonym authorised under section 449A) and the date and time of the search. The warrant itself must be endorsed to 30 If this information is on the warrant then there is no need for it to be also detailed and served on a separate notice. Code of Practice laid before Parliament under section 377A(4) of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 show that this has been done. Conduct of searches 95. Searches should be conducted at a reasonable time of day, for example in the case of domestic premises outside normal sleeping hours and in the case of business premises during normal business hours, unless this might frustrate the purpose of the search. If a search will take place at an unreasonable hour, the appropriate person should record their reasons for doing so in writing. 96. Premises should