not be excluded in detention order proceedings on the ground that it is hearsay (of whatever degree). Sections 2 to 4 of the Civil Evidence Act 1995 apply in relation to detention order proceedings as those sections apply in relation to civil proceedings. Detention order proceedings are proceedings— for an order under section 47M; for the discharge or variation of such an order; on an appeal under section 47O. Hearsay is a statement which is made otherwise than by a person while giving oral evidence in the proceedings and which is tendered as evidence of the matters stated. Nothing in this section affects the admissibility of evidence which is admissible apart from this section. 47R Release of property This section applies in relation to property which— has been seized by an appropriate officer under section 47C, and is detained under or by virtue of any of sections 47J to 47M and 47P. The property must be released if at any time an appropriate officer decides that the detention condition is no longer met. The detention condition is met for so long as— any of the conditions in section 47B is met, and there are reasonable grounds for the suspicion mentioned in section 47C(1). Nothing in this section requires property to be released if there is a power to detain it otherwise than under or by virtue of sections 47J to 47M and 47P. Nothing in this section affects the operation of any power or duty to release property that arises apart from this section. Code of practice about search and seizure and detention of property 47S Codes of practice The Secretary of State must make a code of practice in connection with— the carrying out by appropriate officers of the functions conferred by sections 47C to 47H, Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 55 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the carrying out by senior officers of their functions under section 47G, and the detention of property under or by virtue of sections 41A, 44A and 47J to 47P. Where the Secretary of State proposes to issue a code of practice the Secretary of State must— publish a draft, consider any representations made about the draft, if the Secretary of State thinks appropriate, modify the draft in the light of any such representations. The Secretary of State must lay a draft of the code before Parliament. When the Secretary of State has laid a draft of the code before Parliament the Secretary of State may bring it into operation by order. The Secretary