persons as appear to the chief constable to represent groups of individual constables or members of police staff, or both, characterised by reference to one or more of the following characteristicsÑ (a) disability, (b) race, colour, nationality, or ethnic or national origins, (c) religion, (d) sex, (e) sexual orientation, (f) transgender identity. 12 Such persons appearing to the chief constable to represent the interests of individuals or groups of individuals who have made a complaint about the Authority, the Police Service or a person serving with the police, as the chief constable considers appropriate.Ó. 3 Duty of candour (1) The 2012 Act is amended in accordance with subsections (2) and (3). Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 5 Chapter 4B Ð Vetting code of practice Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (2) In section 10(1) (constableÕs declaration), after Òfairness,Ó insert Òcandour,Ó. (3) In section 32 (policing principles)Ñ (a) the word ÒandÓ following paragraph (a) is repealed, (b) after paragraph (b), insert Ò, and (c) that the Police Service should be candid and co-operative in proceedings, including all investigations.Ó. (4) In schedule 1 of the Police Service of Scotland (Senior Officers) (Conduct) Regulations 2013 (S.S.I. 2013/62) (standards of professional behaviour), after the paragraph headed ÒHonesty and integrityÓ, insertÑ Candour Constables act with candour and are open and truthful in their dealings, without favour to their own interests or the interests of the Police Service subject, in particular, to the reasonable assertion of the privilege against self-incrimination. Constables attend interviews and assist and participate in proceedings (including all investigations) openly, promptly and professionally, in line with the expectations of a police constable.Ó. (5) In schedule 1 of the Police Service of Scotland (Conduct) Regulations 2014 (S.S.I. 2014/68) (standards of professional behaviour), after the paragraph headed ÒHonesty and integrityÓ, insertÑ Candour Constables act with candour and are open and truthful in their dealings, without favour to their own interests or the interests of the Police Service subject, in particular, to the reasonable assertion of the privilege against self-incrimination. Constables attend interviews and assist and participate in proceedings (including all investigations) openly, promptly and professionally, in line with the expectations of a police constable.Ó. Police vetting 4 Vetting code of practice (1) The 2012 Act is amended as follows. (2) In Part 1, after Chapter 4A (inserted by section 2), insertÑ ÒCHAPTER 4B VETTING CODE OF PRACTICE 36C Vetting code of practice (1) The chief constable must prepare a code of practice for the vetting of constables and police staff (referred to in this section and section 36D as Òthe vetting code of practiceÓ). (1) 6 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 4B Ð Vetting code of practice Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (2)