must before doing soÑ (a) consult the local youth offending team about the application for variation or discharge, if the respondent will be aged under 18 when that application is made; (b) inform any other body or individual the applicant thinks appropriate of that application. (4) In this sectionÑ Òlocal youth offending teamÓ meansÑ (a) the youth offending team in whose area it appears to the applicant that the respondent lives, or (b) if it appears to the applicant that the respondent lives in more than one such area, whichever one or more of the relevant youth offending teams the applicant thinks it appropriate to consult; Òon-notice hearingÓ means a hearing of which notice has been given to the applicant and the respondent in accordance with rules of court; Òwithout-notice applicationÓ means an application made without notice under section 6. 15 Appeals against decisions of youth courts (1) An appeal lies to the Crown Court against a decision of a youth court made under this Part. (2) On an appeal under this section the Crown Court may makeÑ (a) whatever orders are necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal; (b) whatever incidental or consequential orders appear to it to be just. (3) An order of the Crown Court made on an appeal under this section (other than one directing that an application be re-heard by the youth court) is to be treated for the purposes of section 8 as an order of the youth court. 16 Special measures for witnesses (1) Chapter 1 of Part 2 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 (special measures directions in the case of vulnerable and intimidated witnesses) applies to proceedings under this Part as it applies to criminal proceedings, but withÑ (a) the omission of the provisions of that Act mentioned in subsection (2) (which make provision appropriate only in the context of criminal proceedings), and (b) any other necessary modifications. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 11 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The provisions areÑ (a) section 17(4) to (7); (b) section 21(4C)(e); (c) section 22A; (d) section 27(10); (e) section 32. (3) Rules of court made under or for the purposes of Chapter 1 of Part 2 of that Act apply to proceedings under this PartÑ (a) to the extent provided by rules of court, and (b) subject to any modifications provided by rules of court. (4) Section 47 of that Act (restrictions on reporting special measures directions etc) applies with any necessary modificationsÑ