to the enforcing authority. This is to protect enforcement officers from allegations of inconsistency, favouritism or suspicion of bribery. It also gives greater consistency in the enforcement of environmental offences regulations. 11N.11 However, the enforcing authority may wish to set out certain situations when an enforcement officer should exercise a degree of discretion, such as circumstances in which a fixed penalty should not be issued. The enforcing authority should have clear policies, instructions and training available on how to exercise such authority. These policies should form the basis for staff training and should be published. 11N.12 Local authorities should also recognise the role of councillors to raise issues on behalf of their ward constituents, and more generally, for councillors to scrutinise the manner in which the broader policy operates. Handling disputes of liability to pay a fixed penalty issued in lieu of prosecution 11N.13 This section applies to fixed penalty notices issued in lieu of prosecution for criminal offences, including littering, and unauthorised distribution of free literature etc. 11N.14 Because it is offered in lieu of prosecution, there is no formal right of appeal against a fixed penalty notice. If an alleged offender does not accept their liability for the offence, there is no requirement on them to pay the fixed penalty. The assumption should always be that if a fixed penalty is unpaid, the case should be prosecuted, giving the alleged offender the opportunity to defend their case in court. 11N.15 Enforcing authorities should be motivated to work to keep cases out of the court where possible, as court processes are time consuming for all parties and can be expensive. To prevent unnecessary cases reaching the courts, it is therefore good practice for enforcing authorities to operate a process through which an alleged offender may offer evidence in mitigation, lines of defence or other relevant information that may not have been available to the enforcing authority at the time the fixed penalty notice was issued, and which may influence the authorityÕs decision whether to issue a fixed penalty or take other enforcement action in that case. As this is an informal process, there are no fixed grounds on which such a challenge may be made. 11N.16 The basis on which an alleged offender might dispute their liability might include, but are not limited to: a. if the person issued with the fixed penalty notice was not the person that committed the offence Ð this might be the case if someone issued with a fixed penalty notice in person has given someone elseÕs details to the enforcement officer b. if the person issued with the fixed penalty notice brings forward evidence, a statutory defence or other reasonable excuse that could undermine any later prosecution c. if evidence is provided that the person issued with a fixed penalty notice is in some way vulnerable and the enforcement of the fixed penalty notice would not be in the public interest d. if evidence is provided that enforcement would, for any other reason,