deliver the response capabilities for managing these consequences, whatever causes them. However, to ensure that these generic plans are commensurate with the risks, it is important that planning is underpinned by a risk assessment 22 that evaluates and prioritises those hazards and threats according to their associated risks. Figure 4.3: The location of risk assessment in the emergency planning process 22 s. 2(1)(e) Organisation and accountability 4.33. It is likely that the LRF would wish to set up a Risk Assessment Working Group (RAWG), composed of a representative group of emergency planning officers from Category 1 responders, to undertake this work under a chair appointed by the LRF. As with the LRF, this working group is simply a forum for co-operation on risk assessment. Accordingly, the CRR is not owned by the LRF but by Category 1 responders in the LRF collectively. Rigour and proportionality 4.34. The risk assessment process should be based on a sound methodology using the best available evidence and judgment. Category 1 responders should be supported in their assessment by Category 2 responders, local bodies, DCLG RED and national organisations sharing information and co-operating as appropriate. However, as far as possible, the amount of effort given to any risk should be proportionate to its potential severity. The six-step process (See also Annex 4A) Step 1: Contextualisation 4.35. In an initial discussion at the RAWG, Category 1 responders should begin by defining the scope of the risk management activity in the context of the Act and supporting guidance. They should review the process that they will adopt and identify the projectÕs stakeholders. Key stakeholder groups must include the Category 1 responders who share the risk assessment duty, and may include Category 2 4.26. organisations with a contribution to the risk assessment process, as well as groups in the community with relevant knowledge and a particular interest in the results of the work (see 4.56). It is important that Category 1 responders understand, at the outset, the risk evaluation criteria and principles with which risks will be evaluated and prioritised (see Annexes 4D and 4F). This should prepare them for later stages of the process, in which they will need to decide which risks are acceptable and those which must be tolerated, including those which require planning. 4.36. An important part of step 1 is for Category 1 responders to describe the characteristics of the local area that will influence the likelihood and impact of an emergency in the community. This is to understand the context better, as well as to establish the vulnerability and resilience of the area to emergencies. To do this Category 1 responders should reflect on a number of aspects of their area, including: o Social: What is the demographic, ethnic and socio-economic composition of the community? Are there any particularly vulnerable groups in the community? How are the various communities geographically distributed within the local area? How prepared and experienced is the community at coping with different types of emergencies? o Environment: Are