the peace is satisfied that the following conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that there is material on the premises mentioned in subsection (5) that consists of, or may relate to the location of, relevant human remains. (3) The second condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the material does not consist of or includeÑ (a) items subject to legal privilege, (b) excluded material, or (c) special procedure material. (4) The third condition is that there are reasonable grounds for believing, in relation to each set of premises specified in the applicationÑ (a) that it is not practicable to communicate with any person entitled to grant entry to the premises, (b) that it is practicable to communicate with a person entitled to grant entry to the premises but it is not practicable to communicate with any person entitled to grant access to the material, (c) that entry to the premises will not be granted unless a warrant is produced, or (d) that the purpose of a search may be frustrated or seriously prejudiced unless a constable arriving at the premises can secure immediate entry to them. (5) The premises referred to in subsection (2) areÑ (a) one or more sets of premises specified in the application (in which case the application is for a Òspecific premises warrantÓ), or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 63 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) any premises occupied or controlled by a person specified in the application, including such sets of premises as are so specified (in which case the application is for an Òall premises warrantÓ). (6) If the application is for an all premises warrant, the justice of the peace must also be satisfiedÑ (a) that there are reasonable grounds for believing that it is necessary to search premises occupied or controlled by the person in question which are not specified in the application in order to find the material referred to in subsection (2), and (b) that it is not reasonably practicable to specify in the application all the premises which the person occupies or controls and which might need to be searched. (7) The warrant may authorise entry to and search of premises on more than one occasion if, on the application, the justice of the peace is satisfied that it is necessary to authorise multiple entries in order to achieve the purpose for which the justice of the peace issues the