130 Term Definition Means of escape Route(s) provided to ensure safe egress from the premises or other locations to a place of total safety. Phased evacuation A system of evacuation in which different parts of the premises are evacuated in a controlled sequence of phases, those parts of the premises expected to be at greatest risk being evacuated first. Place of reasonable safety A place within a building or structure where, for a limited period of time, people will have some protection from the effects of fire and smoke. This place, usually a corridor or stairway, will normally have a minimum of 30 minutes fire resistance and allow people to continue their escape to a place of total safety. Place of total safety A place, away from the premises, in which people are at no immediate danger from the effects of a fire. Premises Any place, such as a building and the immediate land bounded by any enclosure of it, any tent, moveable or temporary structure or any installation or workplace. Protected lobby A fire-resisting enclosure providing access to an escape stairway via two sets of fire doors and into which no room opens other than toilets and lifts. Protected stairway A stairway which is adequately protected from the rest of the building by fire-resisting construction. Protected route An escape route which is adequately protected from the rest of the building by a fire-resisting construction. Refuge A place of reasonable safety in which a disabled person and others who may need assistance may rest or wait for assistance before reaching a place of total safety. It should lead directly to a fire-resisting escape route. Responsible person The person ultimately responsible for fire safety as defined in the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005.1 Relevant persons Any person lawfully on the premises and any person in the immediate vicinity, but does not include firefighters carrying out firefighting duties. Self-closing device A device that is capable of closing the door from any angle and against any latch fitted to the door. Significant finding A feature of the premises, from which the fire hazards and persons at risk are identified. The actions you have taken or will take to remove or reduce the chance of a fire occuring or the spread of fire and smoke. The actions people need to take in case of fire. The necessary information, instruction and training needed and how it will be given Term Definition Smoke alarm Device containing within one housing all the components, except possibly the energy source, for detecting smoke and giving an audible alarm. Staged fire alarms A fire warning which can be given in two or more stages for different purposes within a given area (i.e. notifying staff, stand by to evacuate, full evacuation). Storey exit A final exit or a doorway giving direct access into a protected stairway, firefighting lobby, or external escape route. Travel distance The actual distance to be travelled by a person from any point within the floor area