request. 3.20. The request relates to information, not documents. A responder which receives a request is not required to disclose all the documents which contain the information which has been requested. However, this will often be the easiest way to deal with an information request. In other cases, a new document which contains the information being requested may be prepared. 3.1. 3.21. A template for responding to a request for information can be found at Annex 3. 3.22. Templates for making and replying to information requests can be found at Annex 3. Storing information 3.23. Category 1 and 2 responders should also be aware of the differences required in handling personal data, when compared to handling sensitive security-related or commercial information (see paragraph 3.26). 3.24. It is essential that Category 1 and 2 responders who request information formally or informally have appropriate methods of secure storage when the requested information is received. Each agency should have a locally defined protocol for handling, accessing, and storing information, especially that which relates to sensitive information. Exception to the duty to provide information: sensitive information 3.25. Not all information can be shared, and Category 1 and 2 responders can claim exceptions in certain circumstances (and thus not supply information as requested). Exceptions under this Act and the Regulations relate to sensitive information only. 3.1. Where the exceptions apply, a Category 1 or 2 responder must not disclose the information: o exception where disclosure would prejudice sensitive information: a Category 1 or 2 responder must refuse to comply with an information request if the information is sensitive and if it has reasonable grounds to believe that complying with the request would compromise that information. If a Category 1 or 2 responder refuses to disclose information on this basis, it must give reasons for so doing, unless the information is sensitive by virtue of its impact on national security. 9 It should be noted, however, that this exception is only rarely likely to be available, as generally there will be no robust reason to expect that information would be passed on. 3.26. There are four different kinds of sensitive information as defined by the Regulations: 10 o information prejudicial to national security Ð information, where disclosure to the public would adversely affect national security. o information prejudicial to public safety Ð information, where disclosure to the public would adversely affect public safety. o commercially sensitive information Ð information which relates to the business or other affairs of a person or organisation, where disclosure to the public would prejudice the legitimate business interests of the person or organisation to whom the information relates. o personal data Ð information which is personal data within the meaning of the DPA, where disclosure to the public would breach any of the data protection principles or section 10 of the DPA. 9 regulation 45(1) 10 regulation 45(1) 3.27. It will be for individual Category 1 or 2 responders to reach a decision about whether the information they hold is sensitive.