homicide, but the human tissue taken at post mortem is not required for the ongoing investigation; the human tissue should be returned to the body, if possible, prior to release to the next of kin/personal representative/s. In cases where the body has already been returned to the next of kin or personal representative/s, tissue should be disposed of in accordance with the next of kin or personal representative/s wishes. In any event, material should not be disposed of without prior consultation with the coroner who may wish to retain it for the purpose of their duties at an inquest. Where appropriate, the CPS should also be consulted before final disposal of any tissue samples. Advice from the forensic pathologist will assist the SIO and CPS in this decision- making process. Actions when initially suspicious cases revert to non-suspicious In many cases, the conduct and result of the forensic post mortem examination will help to inform the SIO at an early stage that the death is nonÐsuspicious. It is possible that a decision may be made by the SIO to declare the death as non-suspicious immediately after the conclusion of the post mortem examination. In such cases, human tissue exhibits may already have been seized using police powers under PACE 1984 or the common law but are no longer required for police purposes. Where this is the case, it is essential that the coroner is informed that the status of the investigation has changed, and that the coroner be consulted about disposal of the tissue - whether it is still required for coronial purposes, or whether it should be returned to the body for burial or cremation. It should be noted that if the material is disposed of by the police in accordance with an appropriate protocol, the HTA 2004 will not apply. If the material is however retained on the coronerÕs authority, the consent requirements of the HTA 2004 do not apply although the licensing requirements will. This means that the coroner and those holding the material on his behalf will need to take steps to comply with the licensing requirements of the HTA 2004. In addition, the coroner may only retain samples to help identify the cause of death or the identification of the accused for so long as they need to be preserved for the purpose of fulfilling these functions. Single point of contact Each force should appoint an officer as a Single Point of Contact (ÔSPOCÕ) to oversee the management of human tissue and to ensure that force policy concerning the seizure, retention and disposal of human tissue is complied with. The SPOC will also act as a central referral point for notifications of human tissue finds at HTA licensed establishments. Other responsibilities of the SPOC should include: • Maintaining a single central data set of human tissue held by the force. • Making determinations about tissue after the relevant enquiry team has ceased to exist. • • Liaising with the relevant forensic pathology group practice over