Dr. Laura Boulton Laura is a Lecturer in Policing at University of Central Lancashire (UCLan). She completed her PhD in 2014 exploring how expertise, cognitive executive functioning, neuropsychology and human factors influence the decision making of Authorised Firearms Officers in order to develop a model of decision making during armed confrontations. Providing an evidence base that can be practically utilised by Police practitioners to impact change in practice was the underlying motivation for this research. Throughout her PhD she worked in collaboration with Merseyside Police, North West Ambulance Service and Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service. She now lectures on MasterÕs Degree programmes at UCLAN. Dr. Michelle McManus Senior Lecturer at University of Central Lancashire (UCLan). Completed her PhD in 2012 exploring risk factors for child sexual abuse within indecent image of children offending. Her doctoral research assisted with the creation of KIRAT (Kent Internet Risk Assessment Tool), a risk management tool for use by the police to assess the risk of contact abuse in those individuals accessing indecent images of children. This was rolled out for national use by CEOP in 2012. Due to the number of domestic abuse research projects completed with various constabularies across the UK, Dr. McManus sits on various groups such as: College of Policing Domestic Abuse Risk Assessment Task Force Group, Homicide Working Group Child Death Subgroup and Lancashire Evidenced Based Research Group. She is also Director of Studies for 3 PhD students exploring various aspects of Domestic Abuse. Lauren Metcalfe Having studied in the field of policing for the past 7 years, Lauren has enthusiastically worked to undertake and promote Evidence Based Policing research. Lauren is currently submitting her PhD thesis surrounding the nature of gang related gun crime in Preston, Lancashire; assessing the complexities of the issue, profiling the individuals involved and working towards more effective preventative measures for the future. With the intention for the project having real world impact, she has collaborated with various organisations throughout the PhD, including Lancashire Constabulary and Lancashire Probation Service, to implement projects designed to assist in deterring such types of crime. David Brian Dave is a Lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire (UCLan). Dave was a police officer for 30years reaching the Rank of Detective Superintendent. He now lectures on MasterÕs Degree programmes at UCLAN and as an invited speaker at other universities. Dave is currently studying for a Professional Doctorate in Elite Performance and is a researcher in the field of policing and acts a supervisor to a number of Phd students undertaking research into multi agency working, domestic abuse, the protection of vulnerable people and early action, sexual consent and public engagement with police services. Ian Dawson Ian is a Temporary Superintendent in Lancashire Constabulary. He has been a Police Officer for 23 years and developed the ConstabularyÕs approach to Evidence Based Policing which over the last 5 years has developed and delivered over 40 research projects, the majority of which have been in partnership with UCLan. As Head of Corporate Development