a strong relationship with the warning and informing duty (see Chapter 7). This requires Category 1 responders to publish aspects of risk assessments and contingency plans, and to maintain arrangements to issue advice, information and warnings in the event of an emergency. The section 4 duty builds on this work, by requiring local authorities to provide information, advice and assistance targeted at organisations that carry out commercial activities and voluntary activities. PAGE 5 Box 8.1: Further advice and information Generic advice and assistance 8.9. The Regulations specify that local authorities have a duty to provide generic advice and assistance to the business community at large 2 ; but its duty regarding voluntary organisations is to provide advice and assistance to those organisations it considers appropriate and in a way it considers appropriate.3 8.10. While the Act imposes a duty on local authorities to offer advice and assistance, it does not impose a corresponding obligation on those organisations to act upon it. 8.11. In complying with this duty, local authorities must demonstrate that they have taken reasonable steps to promote BCM advice in their areas. This will involve developing a strategy that: o identifies what organisations need to know; o selects appropriate means of delivery; and o targets the message at its audience. [See the case studies at Box 8.3 for examples of how some local authorities have undertaken this.] 2 regulation 39(3)(a) 3 regulation 40(2) and 40(3) PAGE 6 8.12. As a result of local authoritiesÕ generic awareness-raising work, individual firms may turn to the local authority for specific advice and assistance in relation to BCM. The Regulations permit local authorities to provide specific BCM services to organisations or groups of organisations, but do not oblige them to do so.4 8.13. Local authority officials can undertake this type of work themselves if they have the experience and competence to do so. Local authorities can work with individual organisations or other local authorities to establish the nature of the risks they face and the steps they can take to manage these risks. This might include, for example: o assistance with risk assessment; o provision of information and advice about local civil protection arrangements; o support in the development and validation of plans. 8.14. With local authorities wishing to ensure value-for-money, it is reasonable that this applies in the area of promoting business continuity. Since the duty to advise and assist was introduced, local authorities, working in conjunction with partners such as police and fire services, have produced some good work that has made significant steps in building resilience in their communities. The result is that we now have a body of knowledge and experience within local authorities that can be used by others to discharge this duty in a cost effective way that has delivered demonstrably greater uptake. Signposting third party advice 8.15. Alternatively, the local authority may give advice and assistance to individual organisations to facilitate the engagement of a business continuity consultant, who may be better placed to provide