commissioner. 60 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 63 Vacancy where acting commissioner acts for 6 months (1) Subsection (2) applies whereÑ (a) an acting commissioner is appointed under section 62 to act for the police and crime commissioner for a police area because the police and crime commissioner is incapacitated, and (b) the police and crime commissioner does not cease to be incapacitated during the period of 6 months beginning with the day on which the acting commissioner is appointed. (2) At the end of that 6 month periodÑ (a) the police and crime commissioner ceases to be police and crime commissioner, and (b) accordingly, the office of police and crime commissioner for that police area becomes vacant. Disqualification 64 Disqualification from election as police and crime commissioner (1) A person is disqualified from being elected to the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area [F48in England] at any election unlessÑ (a) the person has attained the age of 18 when nominated as a candidate at the election, and (b) on each relevant day, the person is registered in the register of local government electors for an electoral area in respect of an address in the police area. [F49(1A) A person is disqualified from being elected to the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area in Wales at any election unlessÑ (a) the person has attained the age of 18 when nominated as a candidate at the election, and (b) on each relevant day subsection (1B) or (1C) applies. (1B) This subsection applies ifÑ (a) the person is registered in a register of parliamentary electors in respect of an address within the police area, and (b) the registration is not in pursuance of an overseas elector's declaration. (1C) This subsection applies ifÑ (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 61 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) the person is disqualified as a peer from voting as an elector at parliamentary elections, or is a [F50qualifying EU citizen or an EU citizen with retained rights], and (b) the person is registered in a register of local government electors in respect of an address within the police area.] (2) In this section Òrelevant dayÓ, in relation to a person who is a candidate at an election, meansÑ (a) the day on which the person is nominated