Cristopher. “What's the best policy to attract high- skilled migrants?” The World Economic Forum, 9 June 2015, https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2 015/06/whats-the-best-policy-to- attract-high-skilled-migrants/. Accessed 28 October 2024. European Commission. n.d. “EU funds for migrant integration 2021-2027 | European Website on Integration.” European Website on Integration. Accessed November 13, 2024. https://migrant- integration.ec.europa.eu/funding/eu- funds-2021-2027-period_en. Bubola, Emma. “Meloni's Balancing Act: Centrist Abroad, Right Wing at Home.” The New York Times, 17 October 2024, https://www.nytimes.com/2024/10/ 17/world/europe/meloni-surrogacy- migrants-italy.html. Accessed 28 October 2024. [36] Pollina, Elvira, and Alvise Armellini. 2023. “Italy's Meloni talks tough on migrants while opening up to foreign workers.” Reuters. https://www.reuters.com/world/euro pe/italys-meloni-talks-tough- migrants-while-opening-up-foreign- workers-2023-12-06/. Instability and Insecurity in Pakistan: Addressing Police Brutality and Corruption By Zain Ali, zmaa4@cornell.edu The police force is perceived to be the most corrupt institution in Pakistan, broadly accused of bribery, intimidation, torture, and extrajudicial killings.Reforming training standards, oversight, and constructing new cultural and legal frameworks in policing would build trust in police and government. Background Abusive policing in Pakistan traces to the Colonial Police Act of 1861, designed to form a repressive police force for the British Empire, and the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1998 (ACA), designed to address violence by enabling violations of citizen’s constitutional rights by law enforcement.4,5,6 Calls for reform eventually resulted in Police Order 2002, which aimed to standardize and modernize policing by introducing new standards of oversight, accountability, training, and conduct.7 The implementation of this act has been limited due to the lack of political will and opposition by police leadership.6,8,9 The lack of urgency can be partially attributed to widespread internal security threats.10 Police often justify torture and staged killings as necessary to maintain order, combat terrorism, and out of fear of suspects escaping punishment.11 The first half of 2023 saw 27 reported cases of deaths from police torture.12 Former Inspector General of Sindh explained the prevalence of extra- judicial killings as an expected side- effect of an ineffective judicial system.13 This militarized attitude is conspicuously advertised on province police websites where officers killed in the line of duty are referred to as “shuhada” or martyrs. This wartime rhetoric is echoed by leaders like President Zardari, who honored fallen officers for fighting on a “frontline” against criminals and terrorists.14 The most consequential aspect of policing in Pakistan is the broad and deep-rooted “thana” culture. Thana culture—“thana” meaning “police station”—is a catch-all term for police abuses ranging from verbal abuse to illegal detention and torture.15 This has resulted in polls showing that 92% of residents disagree that the Lahore police are trustworthy.16 Despite recognition of the issues by police leadership and the public, inadequate training, a culture of physical force, and ineffective grievance processes have persisted, undermining both police effectiveness and public trust in the Pakistani government.17 Policy Idea Reforms must be conducted at the provincial and district levels to implement cultural changes, change training curriculums, and complaint processes. These reforms should include: Revising police recruitment to emphasize community service and de-emphasize militaristic culture, while reforming the training curriculum to allocate at least half of instruction to