two or more persons to make, or prohibit them from making, a collaboration agreement; require two or more persons to vary, or prohibit them from varying, a collaboration agreement; require two or more persons to consider making a collaboration agreement of a specified description; specify terms to be included, or not to be included, in collaboration agreements. A direction may relate to— a particular agreement, agreements of a particular description, or agreements in general. Before giving a direction under this section the Secretary of State must consult the person or persons to whom it is to be given. 23H Collaboration agreements: termination by Secretary of State The Secretary of State may terminate a collaboration agreement by notice to the parties to the agreement. A notice under this section may provide for the termination of the agreement with immediate effect or at the end of a specified period. Before giving a notice under this section the Secretary of State must consult the parties to the agreement. 23I Collaboration agreements: definitions This section has effect for the purposes of sections 23 to 23H. “Police force” includes— the British Transport Police Force, and the Civil Nuclear Constabulary. “Chief officer” means— in relation to the British Transport Police Force, the Chief Constable of the force, in relation to the Civil Nuclear Constabulary, the chief constable of the Constabulary, and in relation to any other police force, the chief officer of police of that force. “Police authority” includes— the British Transport Police Authority, and the Civil Nuclear Police Authority.” 8 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 6 Authorisations to interfere with property etc Section 93 of the Police Act 1997 (c. 50) (rules for grant of authorisations) is amended as follows. In subsection (3) after “application made—” insert— “(za) if the authorising officer is within subsection (5)(a) to (c)— by a member of the officer's police force; or in a case where the chief officer of police of that force (“the authorising force”) has made an agreement under section 23(1) of the Police Act 1996 with the chief officer of police of one or more other police forces, by a member of a collaborative force;”. In subsection (3)(a), for “subsection (5)(a)” substitute “ subsection (5)(d) ”. After subsection (3) insert— “(3A) For the purposes of subsection (3)(za)(ii)— a police force is a collaborative force if— its chief officer of police is a party to the agreement mentioned in that provision; and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make