Updating (GRS) where the request needs authorising, but referring the matter to the responsible SLT member for consideration if there is no reasonable explanation; and • Authorising overtime worked in a lower grade for police staff, through (Overtime system) and emailing (Payroll) including the name and employee number of the staff member as well as details of the overtime worked and the scale the overtime should be paid at. • Officers on leave (including those who volunteer to work overtime while on leave) must not be considered as a planned overtime option unless all other options (including recalling to duty an officer on rest days) have been exhausted. This must be authorised by a member of SLT and RMU/Finance informed by the SLT member. Senior Leadership Teams (SLT) SLT are responsible for: • Considering claims for unauthorised overtime where the line manager has found no reasonable explanation for the officer or staff member failing to obtain authorisation; and • Approving exceptional planned and RMU overtime as appropriate within hub/command/department. Payroll Department/Finance Payroll/Finance have responsibility for: • Verifying claims by checking the GRS • Making manual adjustments in the Agresso to accommodate overtime payments. • Working Time Tracking Wiltshire Police fully supports the implementation of tracking procedure as part of its duty of care and general obligations to ensure the health and safety of all staff. Although overtime may be required and offered in cases such as to maintain a specific level of service or complete a specific task, whilst also meeting standards, the use of overtime should always be minimised with other options first considered, factors such as business need, health and safety, cost and wellbeing should also be taken into account by managers. Overtime Usage Review With this in mind and to ensure officers and staff are not exposing themselves to detrimental levels of overtime, the monthly review of overtime use will take place where full consideration to the requirements for and the amount of overtime utilised in the preceding month will be reviewed. Overtime Data On a monthly basis the Resource Management Department (RMU) will produce the following data on 5th of the month which will include: • Departmental OT (Hrs. and Cost) both collective and individual (Officers and Staff) • Departmental OT (Cumulative for Year) both collective and individual (Officers and Staff) The data will provide monthly and cumulative views of departmental and individual OT exposure, and will enable both DLTÕs and SLTÕs to focus on current and prolonged OT exposure. RMU coordinators will produce WT data each month (or as required) for utilisation at each monthly, collating and escalating as appropriate in line with the triggers detailed below. This data will also be provided to relevant HR advisors and HR Managers as appropriate for early intervention of excessive OT use. Management of Overtime To ensure officers and staff maintain a healthy work/life balance and receive suitable time away from the work environment, limit triggers on overtime worked have been introduced. These are: • An officer or