and should ensure that you document this in your records (see section 2.3b). 2.3b Record keeping Throughout the process, you should ensure that you keep a comprehensive record of any discussions held and subsequent decisions made, in line with standard safeguarding practice. This will include the circumstances surrounding the initial identification or disclosure of FGM, details of any safeguarding actions which were taken, and when and how you reported the case to the police (including the case reference number). You should also ensure that your organisationÕs designated safeguarding lead is kept updated as appropriate. 2.3 c Informing the childÕs family In line with safeguarding best practice, you should contact the girl and/or her parents or guardians as appropriate to explain the report, why it is being made, and what it means. Wherever possible, you should have this discussion in advance of/in parallel to the report being made. Advice and support on how to talk to girls and parents/guardians about FGM is available in the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. However, if you believe that telling the child/parents about the report may result in a risk of serious harm to the child or anyone else, or of the family fleeing the country, you should not discuss it. For more information, please see information sharing advice for safeguarding practitioners. If you are unsure or have concerns, you should discuss these with your designated safeguarding lead. 2.4 Your responsibilities after you have made a report In relation to any next steps, you should continue to have regard to your wider safeguarding and professional responsibilities, including any relevant standards issued by your regulatory body. For example, in a health context, your responsibilities include responding to the physical and psychological needs of the girl. Depending on your role and the specific circumstances of the case, you may be required to contribute to the multi-agency response or other follow up to the case which will follow your report (see Section 3). If you are unsure, you should seek advice from your designated safeguarding lead. 2.5 Safeguarding duty in Wales Professionals working within Wales should be aware that section 130 of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 also applies to cases covered by the FGM mandatory reporting duty. The all-Wales child protection procedures, adopted by all safeguarding boards in Wales, provide a consistent framework for referral, consideration, and determining action by all safeguarding partners in Wales, including a dedicated protocol on FGM. Section 130 came into force in April 2016. It requires Òrelevant partnersÓ7 of the local authority to inform the local authority where they have reasonable cause to suspect that a child within the local authorityÕs area is a child at risk (i.e. is experiencing or is at risk of abuse, neglect or other kinds of harm, and has needs for care and support). To comply with both duties, professionals in Wales who identify cases falling within the FGM mandatory reporting duty need to make a report to both the police and the local