policy: * Police * Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) * Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals service (HMCTS) * Legal Aid Agency (LAA) * Lawyers * National Offender Management Services (NOMS) * Victims and potential victims Costs and Benefits 26. This Impact Assessment identifies both monetised and non-monetised impacts from societyÕs perspective, with the aim of understanding what the net social impact to society might be from implementing these options. The costs and benefits of each option are compared to the do nothing option. Impact Assessments place a strong emphasis on the monetisation of costs and benefits. However there are important aspects that cannot sensibly be monetised. These might be distributional impacts on certain groups of society or changes in equity or fairness, either positive or negative. Option 0 Ð Do nothing 27. This option would mean maintaining the status quo and not creating a new offence. This could have unquantifiable costs to prisons and prisoners because of the existing problem of violence and the presence of weapons within prisons. NOMS is committed to reducing violent crimes in prisons and ensuring that those crimes that are committed are dealt with effectively and robustly. 28. In the base case, prisoners found to possess these articles would continue to be dealt with via the internal adjudication system. Under the adjudication system some of the offenders found to possess an offensive weapon may have additional days added to their sentence. These additional days will impact on the number of prison places. As data on the outcome of adjudications for weapon possession in prison is not systematically collated, we have been unable to estimate the prison place impact of these additional days given. However, given the maximum number of days that may 1. be given is 42; that not all offenders will be given additional days and that some offenders may remit some of their additional days; we anticipate the impact is relatively small. 29. Because the do-nothing option is compared against itself its costs and benefits are necessarily zero, as is its Net Present Value (NPV). Option 1 Ð Creating an offence of possession of a knife, bladed article or offensive weapon in prison Ð an either way offence with a maximum penalty of four years imprisonment. Costs 30. We estimate that the overall additional cost to the CJS will be between £250,000 and £850,000 per year (rounded to the nearest £50k, in 2013/14 prices). This includes costs to the police of investigating additional referrals and costs to the wider CJS (including the CPS, HMCTS, LAA and NOMS) of any subsequent additional prosecutions and convictions. Costs to both are set out in more detail below. 31. Estimates include around 10 to 15 additional prison places per year. Note that as some of these offenders would currently be given additional days through the existing adjudication system, this potentially overstates the impact on prison places. Without robust data on the outcome of adjudication, it is not possible to calculate the net impact on prison places, however overall