a person under his direction or control has been made to the [F632Director General] or to a [F633local policing body], the chief officer shall take all such steps as appear to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the conduct complained of. (3) The chief officerÕs duty under sub-paragraph (2) must be performed as soon as practicable after the complaint is made or, as the case may be, he becomes aware of it. (4) After that, he shall be under a duty, until he is satisfied that it is no longer necessary to do so, to continue to take the steps from time to time appearing to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the conduct complained of. (5) It shall be the duty of a [F634local policing body] to comply with all such directions as may be given to it by the [F632Director General] in relation to the performance of its duty under sub-paragraph (1). (6) It shall be the duty of a chief officer to take all such specific steps for obtaining or preserving evidence relating to F635... the subject-matter of a complaint as he may be directed to take for the purposes of this paragraph by the [F636local policing body] maintaining his force or by the [F632Director General]. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 169 Initial handling and recording of complaints 2 [F637(1) Where a complaint is made to the [F632Director General], [F638the Director General] shall give notification of the complaint to the appropriate authority. (1A) But the [F632Director General] need not give that notification if the [F632Director General] considers that there are exceptional circumstances that justify its not being given.] (2) Where a complaint is made to a [F639local policing body], it shallÑ (a) determine whether or not it is itself the appropriate authority; and (b) if it determines that it is not, give notification of the complaint to the person who is. (3) Where a complaint is made to a chief officer, he shallÑ (a) determine whether or not he is himself the appropriate authority; and (b) if he determines that he is not, give notification of the complaint to the person who is. F640(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .