notice for the purposes of complying with subsection (1) of this section, he shall, before leaving the premises, instead of complying with that subsection, attach a notice such as is mentioned in that subsection in a prominent place to the premises. Where a person exercises a power of seizure conferred by section 51 it shall be his duty, on doing so, to give a written notice to the person from whom the seizure is made— specifying what has been seized in reliance on the powers conferred by that section; specifying the grounds on which those powers have been exercised; setting out the effect of sections 59 to 61; specifying the name and address of the person to whom notice of any application under section 59(2) to the appropriate judicial authority in respect of any of the seized property must be given; and specifying the name and address of the person to whom an application may be made to be allowed to attend the initial examination required by any arrangements made for the purposes of section 53(2). The Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrument, after consultation with the Scottish Ministers [F100and the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland] , provide that a person who exercises a power of seizure conferred by section 50 shall be required to give a notice such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section to any person, or send it to any place, described in the regulations. Regulations under subsection (5) may make different provision for different cases. A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (5) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. Return or retention of seized property Examination and return of property seized under s. 50 or 51 This section applies where anything has been seized under a power conferred by section 50 or 51. It shall be the duty of the person for the time being in possession of the seized property in consequence of the exercise of that power to secure that there are arrangements in force which (subject to section 61) ensure— that an initial examination of the property is carried out as soon as reasonably practicable after the seizure; that that examination is confined to whatever is necessary for determining how much of the property falls within subsection (3); Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 43 Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes that anything which is found, on that examination, not to fall within subsection (3) is separated from