appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 55 Duty regarding the welfare of children (1) The Secretary of State must make arrangements for ensuring thatÑ (a) the functions mentioned in subsection (2) are discharged having regard to the need to safeguard and promote the welfare of children who are in the United Kingdom, and (b) any services provided by another person pursuant to arrangements which are made by the Secretary of State and relate to the discharge of a function mentioned in subsection (2) are provided having regard to that need. (2) The functions referred to in subsection (1) areÑ (a) any function of the Secretary of State in relation to immigration, asylum or nationality; (b) any function conferred by or by virtue of the Immigration Acts on an immigration officer; (c) any general customs function of the Secretary of State; (d) any customs function conferred on a designated customs official. (3) A person exercising any of those functions must, in exercising the function, have regard to any guidance given to the person by the Secretary of State for the purpose of subsection (1). (4) The Director of Border Revenue must make arrangements for ensuring thatÑ (a) the Director's functions are discharged having regard to the need to safeguard and promote the welfare of children who are in the United Kingdom, and (b) any services provided by another person pursuant to arrangements made by the Director in the discharge of such a function are provided having regard to that need. (5) A person exercising a function of the Director of Border Revenue must, in exercising the function, have regard to any guidance given to the person by the Secretary of State for the purpose of subsection (4). (6) In this sectionÑ ÒchildrenÓ means persons who are under the age of 18; Òcustoms functionÓ, Òdesignated customs officialÓ and Ògeneral customs functionÓ have the meanings given by Part 1. (7) A reference in an enactment (other than this Act) to the Immigration Acts includes a reference to this section. (8) Section 21 of the UK Borders Act 2007 (c. 30) (children) ceases to have effect. General 56 Repeals The Schedule contains repeals. Part 4 Ð Miscellaneous and general Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 57 Extent (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, this Act extends toÑ (a) England and Wales, (b) Scotland, and (c) Northern Ireland. (2) Sections 22 (application of the PACE orders) and 23 (investigations and detention: England and Wales and Northern Ireland) extend to