of subsection (1) under an enactment specified in subsection (2)(a), (b) or (d), the Lord Chancellor must have regard toÑ (a) the financial position of the courts and tribunals for which the Lord Chancellor is responsible, including in particular any costs incurred by those courts and tribunals that are not being met by current fee income, and (b) the competitiveness of the legal services market. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3)(a), the courts and tribunals for which the Lord Chancellor is responsible are the courts listed in section 1(1) of the Courts Act 2003 and the tribunals listed in section 39(1) of the Tribunals, Courts and Enforcement Act 2007. (5) A fee prescribed by virtue of subsection (1) under section 58(4)(b) of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 must be used to finance the efficient and effective discharge of functions of the Public Guardian. (6) A fee prescribed by virtue of subsection (1) under any other enactment specified in subsection (2) must be used to finance an efficient and effective system of courts and tribunals. (7) A statutory instrumentÑ (a) containing an order or regulations under an enactment specified in subsection (2), and (b) setting a fee in excess of the cost of anything in respect of which the fee is charged, may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before both Houses of Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House. (8) But subsection (7) does not apply if the statutory instrument only adjusts a fee to reflect changes in the value of money. PART 14 GENERAL 181 Amendments (1) Schedule 11 (minor and consequential amendments) has effect. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 14 Ð General CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 163 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The Secretary of State may by order make consequential amendments to provisions contained in or made under any Act. ÒConsequential amendmentsÓ here means amendments that are consequential on any provision of this Act, other than the provisions listed in subsection (4) as they apply in Wales. (3) The Secretary of State may by order make amendments to sections 136 and 142 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 that are consequential on the coming into force of any amendment of Part 2 of that Act made by the Criminal Justice Act (Northern Ireland) 2013. (4) The Welsh Ministers may by order make consequential amendments to provisions contained in or made under any Act or any Measure or Act of the