of Criminology 1:421–49. Skogan, Wesley g., Martin van Craen, and C. Hennessy. 2015. Training police for procedural justice. Journal of Experimental Criminology 11 (3): 319–34. Telep, Cody W. 2016. Expanding the scope of evidence-based policing. Criminology & Public Policy 15 (1): 243–52. Terrill, William, and Jason R. Ingram. 2015. Citizen complaints against the police: An eight city examina- tion. Police Quarterly 19 (2): 150–79. Walker, Samuel. 2001. Police accountability: The role of citizen oversight. Belmont, CA: Wadsworth. Walker, Samuel. 2003. The new paradigm of police accountability: The u.S. Justice Department “pattern or practice” suits in context. St. Louis University Public Law Review 22 (3): 3–52. MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 165 Wasserman, R. 2014. Building relationships of trust: Recommended steps for chief executives. Tallahassee, FL: Institute for Intergovernmental Research. Weisburd, David, and Peter Neyroud. 2011. Police science: Toward a new paradigm. Washington, DC: Office of Justice Programs, National Institute of Justice. Available from www.ncjrs.gov. White, Michael D., and Michael Pooley. 2018. Testing the impact of de-escalation training on officer behavior: The Tempe, Arizona SPI. Presented to Tempe Police Department, Tempe, Az. Williams, Timothy. 27 June 2015. Long taught to use force, police warily learn to de-escalate. New York Times. Worden, Robert E., Moonsun Kim, Christopher J. Harris, Mary Anne Pratte, Shelagh E. Dorn, and Shelley S. Hyland. 2013. Intervention with problem officers: An outcome evaluation of an EIS inter- vention. Criminal Justice Behavior 40 (4): 409–37. Worden, Robert E., Sarah J. McLean, Kelly J. Becker, Eugene A. Paoline III, Hannah Cochran, and Chris Harris. 2018. Police early intervention systems: The state of the art. Albany, Ny: The John F. Finn Institute for Public Safety, Inc. zimring, Franklin E. 2017. When police kill. Cambridge, MA: Harvard university Press. zimring, Franklin E. 2020. Police killings as a problem of governance. The ANNALS of the American Academy of Political and Social Science (this volume). 24/03/2025 Ethical policing principles https://www.college.police.uk/ethics/code-of-ethics/principles Page Ethical policing principles Principles that form the Code of Ethics, along with the guidance for ethical and professional behaviour in policing. First published 24 January 2024 The ethical policing principles are a series of guiding statements that should be used to help people in policing do the right things, in the right way, for the right reasons. Everyone in policing routinely makes important decisions. We make these decisions because it is our duty to uphold the law, prevent crime and disorder, protect and reassure communities, investigate crime and bring offenders to justice. Carrying out these duties can be physically, mentally and emotionally demanding. Our decisions can raise complex ethical issues because they affect other people, often at difficult times in their lives. Deciding what to do is not always straightforward and the best course of action may only become apparent after decisions have been made. Everyone in policing holds a privileged position in society that depends on the consent of the public. Our mission, to help keep the public safe, relies on us having public acceptance and cooperation. We must all strive to deliver