or approval, specify the territory or territories to which this Protocol shall apply. 2. Any State may at any later date, by a declaration addressed to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, extend the application of this Protocol to any other territory specified in the declaration. In respect of such territory the Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the date of receipt of such declaration by the Secretary General. 1. 3. Any declaration made under the two preceding paragraphs may, in respect of any territory specified in such declaration, be withdrawn by a notification addressed to the Secretary General. The withdrawal shall become effective on the first day of the month following the date of receipt of such notification by the Secretary General. ARTICLE 6 Relationship to the Convention As between the States Parties the provisions of Articles 1 to 5 of this Protocol shall be regarded as additional Articles to the Convention and all the provisions of the Convention shall apply accordingly. ARTICLE 7 Signature and ratification The Protocol shall be open for signature by the member States of the Council of Europe, signatories to the Convention. It shall be subject to ratification, acceptance or approval. A member State of the Council of Europe may not ratify, accept or approve this Protocol unless it has, simultaneously or previously, ratified the Convention. Instruments of ratification, acceptance or approval shall be deposited with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe. ARTICLE 8 Entry into force 1. This Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the date on which five member States of the Council of Europe have expressed their consent to be bound by the Protocol in accordance with the provisions of Article 7. 2. In respect of any member State which subsequently expresses its consent to be bound by it, the Protocol shall enter into force on the first day of the month following the date of the deposit of the instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval. ARTICLE 9 Depositary functions The Secretary General of the Council of Europe shall notify the member States of the Council of: (a) any signature; (b) the deposit of any instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval; (c) any date of entry into force of this Protocol in accordance with Articles 5 and 8; (d) any other act, notification or communication relating to this Protocol. In witness whereof the undersigned, being duly authorised thereto, have signed this Protocol. Done aT sTrasbourG, This 28Th Day of aPril 1983, in English and in French, both texts being equally authentic, in a single copy which shall be deposited in the archives of the Council of Europe. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe shall transmit certified copies to each member State of the Council of Europe. Protocol No. 7 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms Strasbourg, 22.XI.1984 The member sTaTes of The council of euroPe,