disclosure of information (however imposed). (5) But if regulations under subsection (2) contain provision under subsection (4)(b), they must provide that they do not authorise a disclosure of information thatÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 17 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, any power conferred by the regulations is to be taken into account), or (b) is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016. (6) Regulations under subsection (2) must not authoriseÑ (a) the disclosure of patient information, or (b) the disclosure of personal information by a specified authority which is a health or social care authority. (7) This section does not affect any power to collaborate or to disclose information apart from regulations under this section. (8) In this section, ÒprescribedÓ means prescribed, or of a description prescribed, in regulations under this section. (9) Regulations under this section may, in particular, prescribe persons by reference to the fact that they have been invited under section 8(6) or 9(6) to participate in the preparation of a strategy under section 8 or 9. (10) In this ChapterÑ Òthe data protection legislationÓ has the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 3 of that Act); Òhealth or social care authorityÓ means a specified authority which is listed in the first column of the table headed ÒHealth and social careÓ in Schedule 1; Òpatient informationÓ means personal information (however recorded) which relates toÑ (a) the physical or mental health or condition of an individual, (b) the diagnosis of an individualÕs condition, or (c) an individualÕs care or treatment, or is (to any extent) derived directly or indirectly from information relating to any of those matters; Òpersonal informationÓ means information which is in a form that identifies any individual or enables any individual to be identified (either by itself or in combination with other information). 11 Specified authorities and local government areas (1) In this Chapter Òspecified authorityÓ means a person listed in the first column of a table in Schedule 1. (2) Subsection (3) applies to a specified authority listed in Schedule 1 in terms that refer to the exercise of particular functions or to a particular capacity that it has. (3) References in this Chapter to the authorityÕs functions are to those functions or its