any time and the court has no power to remand the person under sub-paragraph (1), the court may (in the personÕs absence) enlarge the personÕs recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. (4) The enlargement of the personÕs recognizance is to be treated as a further remand. (5) Paragraph 4(1) (limit of remand) does not apply to the exercise of the powers conferred by this paragraph. Postponement of taking recognizance 6 Where under paragraph 2(2)(b) the court fixes the amount in which the principal and the sureties, if any, are to be bound, the recognizance may afterwards be taken by such person as may be prescribed by rules of court, with the same consequences as if it had been entered into before the court. Requirements imposed on remand on bail 7 The court may when remanding a person on bail under this Schedule require the person to comply, before release on bail or later, with such requirements as appear to the court to be necessary to secure that the person does not interfere with witnesses or otherwise obstruct the course of justice. 63 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing SCHEDULE 5A BREACH OF INJUNCTION: POWERS OF COURT IN RESPECT OF UNDER-18S Section 46A Part 1 Introductory Power to make supervision order or detention order 1 (1) WhereÑ (a) an injunction under Part 4 is granted against a person under the age of 18, and (b) on an application made by the injunction applicant, the court is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the person is in breach of any provision of the injunction, the court may make one of the orders specified in sub-paragraph (2) in respect of the person. (2) Those orders areÑ (a) a supervision order (see Part 2 of this Schedule); (b) a detention order (see Part 3 of this Schedule). (3) The powers conferred by this paragraph are in addition to any other power of the court in relation to the breach of the injunction. (4) Before making an application under paragraph 1(1)(b) the injunction applicant must consultÑ (a) the youth offending team consulted under section 38(1) or 39(5) in relation to the injunction, and (b) any other person previously so consulted. (5) In considering whether and how to exercise its powers under this paragraph, the court must consider a report made to assist the court in that respect by the youth offending team referred to in sub-paragraph (4)(a). (6) An order under sub-paragraph (1) may not be made in respect of a person aged 18 or over. (7) The court may not make a detention order under sub-paragraph (1) unless it is satisfied, in view of the severity or extent of the breach, that no other power available to the court is appropriate. (8) Where the court makes a detention order under sub-paragraph (1) it must state in open court why it is satisfied as specified in sub-paragraph (7). (9) In this ScheduleÑ ÒdefaulterÓ, in