in all the circumstances, it is not reasonably practicable to separate part A from part B without prejudicing the use of part B for purposes for which it is lawful to use property seized under the power in question, Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 51 Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the facts mentioned in paragraph (a) shall not be taken into account by the appropriate judicial authority in deciding whether the retention of the property is justified on grounds falling within subsection (7). If a person fails to comply with any order or direction made or given by a judge of the Crown Court in exercise of any jurisdiction under this section— the authority may deal with him as if he had committed a contempt of the Crown Court; and any enactment relating to contempt of the Crown Court shall have effect in relation to the failure as if it were such a contempt. The relevant powers of seizure for the purposes of this section are— the powers of seizure conferred by sections 50 and 51; each of the powers of seizure specified in Parts 1 and 2 of Schedule 1; and any power of seizure (not falling within paragraph (a) or (b)) conferred on a constable by or under any enactment, including an enactment passed after this Act. References in this section to a person with a relevant interest in seized property are references to— the person from whom it was seized; any person with an interest in the property; or any person, not falling within paragraph (a) or (b), who had custody or control of the property immediately before the seizure. For the purposes of subsection (11)(b), the persons who have an interest in seized property shall, in the case of property which is or contains an item subject to legal privilege, be taken to include the person in whose favour that privilege is conferred. [F125(13) Criminal Procedure Rules may make provision about proceedings under this section on an application to a judge of the Crown Court in England and Wales.] Cases where duty to secure arises Where property has been seized in exercise, or purported exercise, of any power of seizure conferred by section 50 or 51, a duty to secure arises under section 61 in relation to the seized property if— a person entitled to do so makes an application under section 59 for the return of the property; in relation to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, at least one of the conditions set out in