functions, and in doing so, they should co-operate, as appropriate, with each other. The Category 2 responders should 4.16. also co-operate with the Category 1 responders as required.19 In carrying out their risk assessment, Category 1 responders must have regard to any assessment of which they are aware by one of the specified Northern Ireland public service bodies and may adopt or rely on that work.20 4.23. Organisations in Northern Ireland which deliver relevant devolved functions (with the exception of the Police Service of Northern Ireland) are not subject to the duties in Part 1 of the Act, but carry out their civil contingencies activities in line with the Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework. Powers under the Civil Contingencies Act to give directions and guidance to the PSNI in relation to its devolved functions lie with the Department of Justice, as set out in Chapter 12. 19 regulation 6 20 Part 10 of the Regulations 4.24. The Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework requires organisations to carry out individual risk assessments in relation to their functions. The methodology specified in the Framework is similar to that used by Category 1 responders. The Framework encourages organisations to co-operate in producing risk assessments and to share information at local level. Further information can be found on the CCPB website http://www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/index/making-government-work/civil- contingencies.html Figure 4.1: Risk as a product of likelihood and impact Terminology 4.26. Key terms applying to the process are defined in the Glossary. Risk terminology is notoriously varied. However, this chapter aims to be consistent with the main standards relating to risk management. Figure 4.2: The general risk management process 4.27. It should be noted that, in the Act, risk itself is defined solely as the probability of an emergency 21 (see paragraph 4.2). The definition of risk used in this chapter is aligned with a more common definition in use but is, to all intents and purposes, consistent. Here, risk is defined as a product of the likelihood and impact of a given hazard or threat. 21 s. 2(1)(a) 4.28. Generally, higher risks are associated with hazards or threats that have a higher impact and medium to high likelihood. Conversely, low risks will reflect hazards and threats where the impact is low and the likelihood is low to medium. The more difficult cases are those hazards and threats where the likelihood is low and the impact very high, or vice versa. These risks defy simple categorisation. They require a more sophisticated means of measurement involving judgements about the overall risk associated with certain combinations of likelihood and impact. Typically, these judgements are presented in a risk matrix, as seen in Annex 4F. The risk assessment process 4.29. Here, risk assessment is one component of the general risk management process as set out in Figure 4.2. The dashed line represents transitions from one phase to another: the first phase is ÔcontextualisationÕ, the second Ôrisk evaluationÕ and the third Ôrisk treatmentÕ. It should be noted that there is no statutory requirement for Category