four risk ratings (ÔVery highÕ, ÔHighÕ, ÔMediumÕ and ÔLowÕ) and addresses their relative significance for directing emergency planning. Note that in this risk matrix, the impact score is given a slightly greater weighting than the likelihood score. For example, an ÔUnlikelyÕ (2) but ÔCatastrophicÕ (5) risk scores ÔVery highÕ, whereas a ÔProbableÕ (5) but ÔMinor impactÕ (2) risk scores ÔMediumÕ. The formula used to combine likelihood and impact scores varies from one risk assessment approach to another. The guidance presented here is consistent with a number of the major standards, and consistency in the application of this risk matrix is essential if the results of the local risk assessments are to be easily compared. 4.54. As regards threat information within the public community risk register, LRFs must refer directly to the NRR and include the related NRR threat statement provided by central government in the threat section of the LRAG. See Box 4.4. Box 4.6: National Resilience Extranet (NRE): Step 5: Risk treatment (See Box 4.7) Step 6: Monitoring and reviewing 4.55. Risks should be reviewed regularly. Although there is no statutory requirement, it is recommended LRFs review risks in line with the annually updated Local Risk Assessment Guidance (LRAG). Risks should be monitored continuously and, where information suggests a potential change in the risks, a risk assessment should be 4.54. performed and the CRR updated accordingly. This may require special meetings of the LRF, although risk assessment should be a standing item on the agendas of the LRFs. The CRR will also need to be updated periodically to reflect changes in the response capability (i.e. resilience). Consequently, the CRR should be seen as a living document and the work of the LRF as a rolling project. Sharing Risk Assessments 4.56. Regulations require CRRs to be shared with LRFs in neighbouring local areas with whom a boundary is shared, and to the DCLG Resilience and Emergencies Division. In addition, Category 1 responders should consider whether there are any specific risks which should be communicated to any LRFs in any other local areas. Box 4.7: Risk treatment In this stage of the risk assessment process, the LRF should prioritise risk reduction measures in accordance with the size of the risks and the gaps in the capabilities required to respond to those risks. This should take into account risks both in context of the current situation and consideration of the longer term risk context. This will allow responders to identify capability gaps and risk reduction measures that may need to be tackled over a longer term period. They should set the risk priorities and, having evaluated the treatment options, agree a risk treatment plan. All such judgements should be recorded in the CRR. The process has a number of stages that are described below. The results of each stage should be recorded in the CRR: o Assess the type and extent of the capabilities required to manage and respond to the hazards. The National Resilience Planning Assumptions together with Local Planning Assumptions