and whether the organisation ensures that they do not have conflicting roles. • Change Ð how organisational change (large and small) is managed and communicated within the organisation. Please refer to Appendix 1 for full details of the standards. 6. Risk Assessment The Health and Safety Executive require all organisations to carry out a suitable and sufficient risk assessment for all health and safety hazards, including work related stress. Employers have a duty to ensure that risks arising from work activity are properly controlled. The Management Standards approach assists Wiltshire Police to work with its employees and representatives to undertake risk assessments. Wiltshire Police have produced a comprehensive Generic Risk Assessment, Health, Wellbeing and Stress Management, GRA 184. The risk assessment follows the standard 5 steps to risk assessment approach and was devised with full consultation with employees and the various staff associations. This risk assessment is readily accessible to all employees via the Force firstpoint site. The Health and Safety ExecutiveÕs Management Standards should be used as a tool to manage emotional well being across Wiltshire Police. Wiltshire Police have devised a managing wellbeing template/risk assessment to assist Line Managers, Human Resources Managers, Occupational Health Staff with managing the wellbeing of their staff associated with work practices. The following template should be used to record discussions and completed in consultation with the staff member and at the time of the discussion. The template risk assessment can be used in a variety of circumstances including: • PDRÕs. • 121Õs where staff indicate wellbeing concerns. • Return to work interviews. • Performance issues. • Case conferences. • Risk Assessment based Medicals by OHU staff. • Workplace assessments by OHU staff. • Management and self-referrals. • Wellness Action Plans 7. Wellness Delivery and Communication Strategy A Wellness Culture communication strategy has been established to communicate key messages regarding health and wellbeing. Wiltshire Police have appointed a dedicated Wellness Delivery Manager to drive the Wellness Strategy, as part of this work a Wellness portal site has been developed and launched on the Force firstpoint system. All staff and management have full access to the site which provides information and advice relating to organisational and individual health and wellbeing. Key pages within the site include: • Occupational Health Guidance • HR Guidance • Health and Safety Guidance • Mental Health including advice regarding stress, panic, bereavement, anxiety. • Physical Health including advice regarding menÕs, womenÕs and sexual health. • Fitness and Activity including nutrition advice and fitness opportunities. • Support including key internal and external support mechanisms. • TRiM - Trauma Risk incident Management • Hot Topics 8. Strategic Wellness Board A Strategic Wellness Board has been established to further monitor and embed a positive wellness culture into the organisation. This board, which feeds the Strategic People Board has defined terms of reference and agreed membership. 9. Information and Training Staff receive information and training in relation to health and wellbeing and wellness in the workplace as part of learning and development training programs