by any such plan; and may from time to time revise and modify that guidance; and it shall be the duty of every police authority and chief officer of police to take account of any guidance under this subsection when issuing, preparing or modifying any such plan or any draft plan prepared for the purposes of subsection (2). Before issuing or revising any guidance under subsection (6) the Secretary of State shall consult with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and such other persons as he thinks fit. A police authority which is proposing to issue or modify any plan under this section shall submit that plan, or the modifications, to the Secretary of State. Where a police authority issues a three-year strategy plan or modifies such a plan, it shall— send a copy of the plan or the modified plan to the Secretary of State; and cause the plan or modified plan to be published; and the copy of any modified plan sent to the Secretary of State and the publication of any modified plan must show the modifications, or be accompanied by or published with a document which sets them out or describes them. If the Secretary of State considers that there are grounds for thinking that— a police authority’s three-year strategy plan, or any proposals by a police authority for such a plan, or for the modification of such a plan, may not be consistent with any National Policing Plan applicable to a financial year wholly or partly comprised in the period to which the strategy plan applies, he shall, before informing the police authority of his conclusions on whether or not it is in fact so inconsistent, consult with the persons mentioned in subsection (11). Those persons are— the police authority in question; the chief officer of police of the police force maintained by that authority; persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the interests of police authorities; and persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police. Before a police authority— 138 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes issues a three-year strategy plan that differs in any material respect from the draft submitted to it by the chief officer of police of the force maintained by that authority, or modifies its three-year strategy plan, it shall consult with that chief officer. Any best value