the lead responder for warning, informing and advising. o To agree the trigger points for the handover of the lead responsibility for warning, informing and advising from one responder body to another, and the procedures to achieve this. o To agree how services or products for warning, informing and advising (eg equipment for media centres) will be sourced. o As appropriate, to agree with local companies and organisations the circumstances in which their facilities or resources (eg premises, call centres), may be made available to the responder bodies, to help deliver advice and information to the public in the course of an emergency. PAGE 2 Last updated:March 2012 Annex 7 D: Duty to communicate with the public Ð The Ten Step Cycle Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 The Ten Step Cycle Ð Guidance Note The following Ten Step Cycle has been designed to assist Local Resilience Forums (LRFs) in implementing the Communicating with the Public duty, as laid down in the Civil Contingencies Act (2004). The CCA states that Category 1 responders should: o maintain arrangements to warn, and provide information and advice to, the public if an emergency is likely to occur or has occurred; o put in place arrangements to make information available to the public about civil protection matters. The Ten Step Cycle can be used by LRFs in a number of ways. The following are examples: i) LRFs can work through the Ten Step Cycle step-by-step, in the same way LRFs approach the Risk Assessment duty. ii) put LRFs can choose to use the Ten Step Cycle, alongside the Expectations and Indicators of Good Practice for Category 1 and 2 responders, as a guide and barometer, dipping in and out at various steps as required. Ultimately, LRFs will reach the final step, and will have taken a big stride towards implementing a full set of warning and informing arrangements, which are fit for purpose and in line with the risks, set out in their Community Risk Register (CRR). This process will help local communities better understand the risks they face, and the actions they need to take in the event of an emergency. At that stage, as in all aspects of emergency planning, LRFs will find themselves back at the beginning, and following a review of the work carried out previously, will be ready to start the Ten Step Cycle once more. The Ten Step Cycle for Communicating with the Public Step 1 a) Establish a Public Warning Task Group as a subgroup of the LRF General Working Group. The LRF will need to set up a multi-agency task group to take this work forward, ensuring that it has a representative from all Category 1 responders - the duty applies to all of them. The LRF should consider inviting emergency planning officers, communications professionals, members of local and regional media, as well as appropriate Category 2 responders. Not only will this enhance partnership working and governance, but will allow the