Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) After section 4 of that Act there shall be insertedÑ 129 Ò4A Appeals against dismissal etc. (1) Subject to subsection (2) below, a member of the Ministry of Defence Police who is dismissed, required to resign or reduced in rank by a decision takenÑ (a) in proceedings under regulations made in accordance with section 3A above, or (b) in proceedings for the purposes of any procedures established in accordance with an agreement or order under section 60 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (c. 32), may appeal to an appeals tribunal. (2) Subsection (1) above does not apply in the case of a person who has a right to apply to some other person for a review of the decision; and in that case that person may appeal to an appeals tribunal from any decision of that other person as a result of which he is dismissed, required to resign or reduced in rank. (3) The Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrumentÑ (a) make provision equivalent, subject to such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit, to that made in relation to police appeals tribunals by any provision of Schedule 6 to the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) or Schedule 3 to the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77); (b) make provision as to procedure on appeals to appeals tribunals under this section; and (c) make provision enabling an appeals tribunal to require any person to attend a hearing and to give evidence or produce documents. (4) Regulations made by virtue of subsection (3)(c) above may, in particular, apply subsections (2) and (3) of section 250 of the Local Government Act 1972 (c. 70) or subsections (4) and (5) of section 210 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 (c. 65) with such modifications as may be set out in the regulations. (5) Where an appeals tribunal allows an appeal it may, if it considers that it is appropriate to do so, make an order dealing with the appellant in a way whichÑ (a) appears to the tribunal to be less severe than the way in which he was dealt with by the decision appealed against; and (b) is a way in which he could have been dealt with by the person who made the decision. (6) Any statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (3) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (7) In this section Òan appeals tribunalÓ means