in the opening comments of the case summary (MG5). Importantly annotate the MG6 to inform CPS that the matter is a Hate Crime. 8.2 Penalty Notices will not be issued for any offence which includes a Hate Crime aggravating factor. 8.3 Authority must be sought from the Crown Prosecution Service before charging an offence classified as a hate crime. Evidence Review Officers (ERO) can however consider offences in their aggravated form. The Crime and Disorder Act 1998, sections 29-32, has created specific offences in relation to assault, criminal damage, public order and harassment which are aggravated by race or religion. With the exception of these offences, the Criminal Justice Act 2003, sections 145 and 146 empowers the court to give increased sentences for offences aggravated by race, religion, disability or sexual orientation. The CPS national policy is that hate crime needs to be dealt with seriously (mostly by way of court proceedings) to ensure victim confidence, address under reporting and the lack of suitable rehabilitation programmes for offenders. 8.4 Restorative Justice Measures may be used in some Hate Crime cases as a means of disposal with the agreement of the Duty Inspector or CPT Inspector. Where restorative justice is used consideration should be given to seeking advice from CPS and considering the views of the victim. Any decision to use such a disposal must be recorded on the niche occurrence and must detail the rationale for this outcome. If a Hate crime is judged to be suitable for RJ as part of a disposal, the restorative intervention can either be delivered in a more immediate manner through Level 1 RJ (Ôstreet RJÕ) by the police, or the case can be referred to Restorative Together for Level 2 RJ. Cases should be referred on for Level 2 RJ if they are a bit more complex and may take a considerable amount of preparation before RJ can take place. The referral will be screened for suitability by the restorative justice coordinator. It is worth noting that even if the case goes to court RJ can still be suitable. This will especially be the case if the victim has questions or anything they would like to say to the perpetrator, which they may not have had a chance to express during the court process. FILE COMPLETION 9.1 During the investigation of cases involving Domestic Abuse, Hate Crime and all matters of vulnerability, it is the personal responsibility of investigating officers and supervisory officers to ensure that a timely and quality investigation takes place. 9.2 A high quality MG5 is essential in the identification of vulnerable victims and witnesses in the investigation. This report being the key document reviewed by the CPS prosecutor from which the facts are drawn in order to inform the court of the circumstances of the offence(s). Likewise vulnerability should be identified within the MG2 (witness assessment). Victims and witnesses are therefore afforded adequate access to support and protection, before, during or after the trial. The completion of the MG11