offence mentioned in that condition, in a case where the officer is satisfied that any of the other conditions in section 127B is met, the offence (or any of the offences) concerned. 127D Search power: premises If an appropriate officer is lawfully on any premises the officer may search the premises for the purpose of finding any property which— the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting may be found there, and if found there, the officer intends to seize under section 127C. The power conferred by this section may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 127G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. “Premises” has the meaning given by section 23 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984. 127E Search power: people An appropriate officer may exercise the following powers if the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that a person is carrying property that may be seized under section 127C. The officer may, so far as the officer thinks it necessary or expedient for the purpose of seizing the property under that section, require the person— to permit a search of any article with the person, Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 59 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes to permit a search of the person. An officer exercising a power under subsection (2) may detain the person for so long as is necessary for its exercise. A power conferred by this section may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 127G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. This section does not require a person to submit to an intimate search or strip search (within the meaning of section 164 of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979). 127F Search power: vehicles The powers specified in subsection (4) are exercisable if— an appropriate officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that a vehicle contains property that may be seized under section 127C, and it appears to the officer that the vehicle is under the control of a person who is in or in the vicinity of the vehicle. The powers are exercisable only if the vehicle is— in any place to which, at the time of the proposed exercise of the powers, the public or any section of the public has access, on payment or otherwise, as of right or by virtue of express or implied permission, or in any other place to which at that time people