Guidance and Best Practice Ð https://update.cabinetoffice.gov. uk/sites/default/files/resources/lead-government-departments-role.pdf o Central GovernmentÕs Concept of Operations (CONOPs); o National Capabilities Survey; o the Resilience sub-committee of the National Security Council. NSC oversees all aspects of the UKÕs security. Government departments with key security related functions are all represented on the National Security Council. NSC (THRC) is a Ministerial sub-committee of NSC. Its remit is to consider threats, hazards, resilience and contingencies strategy; and o Ministerial departments are required to develop and publish business plans, which show how they will deliver their services and objectives. They are judged against their delivery of these and ministers are required to report publicly on them. 13.34. The cross-Government National Resilience Capabilities Programme is co-ordinated by the Cabinet Office. It brings together work stream lead departments. Each of these departments has particular responsibility for one or more aspects of emergency response at the national level, for example the Department of Health has responsibility for the national tier of emergency response in the event of pandemic flu. To assess the level of preparedness and capability nationally, the programme uses the National Resilience Planning Assumptions (NRPAs) which set out the baseline capability necessary to respond to, and recover from, specific risks as set out in the annually updated National Risk Assessment (NRA). 13.27. MINISTERIAL POWERS AND ACCOUNTABILITY 13.35. All Secretaries of State are accountable to Parliament for the performance of their department and may be called to account by the relevant Select Committees. There is a constitutional expectation that ministers will co-operate across government. Resilience activity is co-ordinated across Government by NSC (THRC)(R). This is shadowed by an officials committee NSC (THRC)(R)(O). 13.36. The aim of NSC (THRC)(R) is to develop the resilience of the UK to withstand disruptive events (both malicious threats and non-malicious hazards), ensuring that (inter alia): o government at all levels identifies and assesses emerging short/medium term risks and vulnerabilities; o specific contingency capabilities are in place where specific risks are in sight; and o there is rigorous evaluation of UK resilience. ENFORCEMENT Enforcement under the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 via Category 1 and 2 responders 13.37. A Category 1 or 2 responder may itself take court action, in respect of a failure by another responder body to comply with its main duties under the Act.12 Examples of the cause for such an action might be where one responder is unreasonably: o withholding information from another; or o failing to be represented at an LRF meeting. 12 S 10(1)(b)Ð(c) and S 11(1)(b)-(c) PAGE 17 13.38. It is not anticipated that these powers will be used frequently. Where they are used, the Act also gives the High Court or the Court of Session powers to grant any relief or make any order as it thinks appropriate.13 Enforcement by Ministers 13.39. In a particular case, the Government may not be satisfied with the information received from a Category 1 or 2 responder, about the performance of its duties, or with the explanation given for non compliance. In these