public place by one or more individuals in the course of a protest or demonstration have had, or are likely to have, the effect ofÑ (a) harassing or intimidating members of staff or volunteers at the school or site, (b) harassing or intimidating persons using the services of the school or site, (c) impeding the provision of services by staff or volunteers at the school or site, or (d) impeding access by persons seeking to use the services of the school or site. (4) The third condition is that the effect or likely effect mentioned in subsection (3)Ñ (a) is, or is likely to be, of a persistent or continuing nature, (b) is, or is likely to be, such as to make the activities unreasonable, and (c) justifies the restrictions imposed by the order. (5) An expedited order is an order that identifies the public place referred to in subsection (1) (Òthe restricted areaÓ) andÑ (a) prohibits specified things being done in the restricted area, (a) 92 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) requires specified things to be done by persons carrying on specified activities in that area, or (c) does both of those things. (6) The only prohibitions or requirements that may be imposed are ones that are reasonable to impose in orderÑ (a) to prevent the harassment, intimidation or impediment referred to in subsection (3) from continuing, occurring or recurring, or (b) to reduce that harassment, intimidation or impediment or to reduce the risk of its continuance, occurrence or recurrence. (7) A prohibition or requirement may be framedÑ (a) so as to apply to all persons, or only to persons in specified categories, or to all persons except those in specified categories; (b) so as to apply at all times, or only at specified times, or at all times except those specified; (c) so as to apply in all circumstances, or only in specified circumstances, or in all circumstances except those specified. (8) An expedited order mustÑ (a) identify the activities referred to in subsection (3); (b) explain the effect of section 63 (where it applies) and section 67; (c) specify the period for which the order has effect. (9) An expedited order may not be made in relation to a public place if that place (or any part of it) is or has been the subject of an expedited order (Òthe earlier orderÓ), unless the period specified in subsection (11) has expired. (10) In subsection