the case is referred to the Court of Appeal. The Attorney General must consider the matter as soon as possible after sentence and no later than the 28th calendar day after the sentence was imposed (in business hours and with sufficient time for consideration). If the Court of Appeal agrees, it may increase the sentence. 9.6 The Witness Care Unit will tell you about the scheme, when you are told the sentence in the case. If the offender appeals 9.7 Sometimes the offender will ask the court to look at the case or the sentence again. This is called an appeal. What will happen next will depend on whether the offender is allowed to appeal and if so, the outcome of that appeal. If an application is made to the Crown Court to appeal against a conviction or sentence in the MagistratesÕ Court 9.8 If the offender appeals to the Crown Court, you have the Right to be told by the Witness Care Unit within 1 working day of them receiving the information from the court, which will be within 5 working days of the outcome of the hearing: ? that a notice of appeal has been made; ? the date, time and location of any hearing; and ? the outcome of the appeal, including any changes to the original sentence. 9.9 If you wish to attend the appeal, you have the Right for court staff to arrange for you to: ? wherever possible wait and be seated in court in an area separate from the offender and their family and friends; ? be provided with a contact point at the Crown Court; and ? receive information about services that support victims where appropriate and available. If an application is made to appeal against a conviction or sentence to the Court of Appeal, or an application or appeal is made to the UK Supreme Court in a criminal case on a point of law 9.10 If the offender appeals to the Court of Appeal or UK Supreme Court, you have the Right to be told by the Witness Care Unit within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code) of them receiving the information from the court, which will be within 5 working days of the outcome of the relevant hearing: 38 The Crown Prosecution Service may also contact the Attorney General if they have concerns about the sentence. 39 The Attorney General is chief legal adviser to the Crown and has a number of independent public interest functions, as well as overseeing the Law OfficersÕ departments. 40 A sentence is Ôunduly lenientÕ if it falls outside the normal range of sentences the judge could have reasonably considered appropriate. 1 ? if the offender has been given permission to appeal against the conviction, sentence or point of law; ? the date, time and location of any hearing, and any changes to this information (within 1 working day for all victims); ? if