hasnÕt been reported to the police. For further information about the support in your area, contact your local Police and Crime Commissioner24 or visit: www.gov.uk/get-support-as-a-victim-of-crime 4.5 If you report a crime to the police, you have the Right to be referred to a service that supports victims, including Restorative Justice services. The police will tell you about all the support services available in your local area. You will be referred to a support service within 2 working days, and these services will endeavour to provide timely access to support based on availability. 4.6 If you choose not to report the crime to the police, you still have the Right to access support services at any time. You can contact local support services directly. To search for a support service near you, contact your local Police and Crime Commissioner24 or visit: www.gov.uk/get- support-as-a-victim-of-crime 24 www.apccs.police.uk/find-your-pcc/ 1 4.7 If you are a bereaved close relative, you have the Right to have a Family Liaison Officer assigned to you by the police, where the Senior Investigating Officer considers this to be appropriate (this will happen in most cases). Your Family Liaison Officer will normally act as the single point of contact between you and service providers. If your case involves an allegation of murder or manslaughter, you also have the Right to be referred to the National Homicide Service and any other relevant specialist support service. This offer will normally be made through your Family Liaison Officer. 4.8 Depending on your needs and the nature of your case, you may be offered specialist support, for example from an Independent Sexual Violence Advisor or an Independent Domestic Violence Advisor. Your advisor will normally act as your single point of contact throughout the case and communicate with the police, Witness Care Unit and the Crown Prosecution Service on your behalf. 4.9 If you are required to give evidence in court, you have the Right to be offered a referral to a Witness Support Service (see Right 8). 4.10 At the end of your case, regardless of the outcome, you have the Right to be offered a referral to a support service even if you havenÕt accessed them previously. To search for a service that supports victims near you, contact your local Police and Crime Commissioner25 or visit: www.gov.uk/get-support-as-a-victim-of-crime 25 www.apccs.police.uk/find-your-pcc/ 1 Special Measures 4.11 You have the Right to have your needs assessed by the police or Witness Care Unit to determine whether you are eligible and would benefit from giving evidence using special measures.26 The police or Witness Care Unit will explain what special measures are available and will ask for your views about which you might like to apply for. What are special measures? Vulnerable or intimidated victims and witnesses can ask for special measures to be used during the trial to help them give their best evidence in court and help to relieve some of the stress associated with giving evidence. If eligible, a court will decide whether special measures should be