often employs the same kinds of approaches to all situations (such as public meetings). The community must be consulted and the police are to be lead by their concerns. Thus the process by which problems in an area are identified and solved through community policing is vital as it can improve police community relations and give residents a greater sense of security. This is as much the goal of community policing as addressing the specific community concerns is. In POP, the police may or may not consult or involve local residents in the problem identification and resolution (Brogden and Nijhar 2005). Herman Goldstein was the main architect of problem orientated policing in the US, who felt that the traditional model of policing had serious shortcomings. He stressed the need for police officers to use their discretion and imagination, as well as community resources and data analysis to arrive at more effective ways of engaging police resources. Goldstein argued that the police had become more concerned with procedure and had lost sight of what policing was meant to be about. He describes the purposes of policing as being: Prevent and control conduct threatening life and property Aid crime victims and protect people in danger of physical harm Protect constitutional guarantees Facilitate the movement of people and vehicles Assist those who cannot care for themselves Resolve conflict between individuals, between groups of between citizen and their government Identify problems that may become more serious for individuals, the police of the government; and Create and maintain a feeling of security in the community (Tilley 2003: 318) Goldstein argues for a systematic approach to policing to achieve these aims whereby relevant problems in a community are researched and understood and responses targeted according to this analysis. Enforcement is only one method that can be chosen, and often does not prove effective in the long-term as a way of solving community problems. Of course, identifying a ‘problem’ is a key part of the process, and Goldstein felt that these would have patterns to them, which can vary widely. They can involve repeat offenders, repeat victims, repeat locations, high-demand products or even have a particular seasonality (which can be anything from time of day to time of year when problems are more likely to occur) (Tilley 2003). Each problem needs to be understood on its own merits and solutions chosen that are the most appropriate to each one. Policing ‘tools’ have been developed to make the various stages in the problem orientated policing approach more systematic and accessible. The main ones are the Problem Analysis Triangle (PAT) and the SARA process, which stands for Scanning, Analysis, Response and Assessment. PAT is used to identify a problem, and SARA covers the entire problem orientated process. In PAT, the ‘crime triangle’ is comprised of an offender, a victim and a location (or related variations such as a class of victim or source of complaint). These three features of a problem are analysed to detect where a change might