is no role for an appropriate adult in a witness interview, there is a risk that the witnessÕs evidence may be ruled inadmissible where a third party present during an interview with a witness behaves in manner more consistent with the role of an appropriate adult than an interview supporter and interrupts the interview process. The presence of an interview supporter is optional and there is no requirement in Achieving Best Evidence to inform witnesses as a matter of routine of their entitlement to one. It is rather a matter of common sense, where the witness may benefit from the presence of an interview supporter such as may be the case if they are young, disabled or very distressed it may be appropriate to solicit their views or those of their carers as to the presence of an interview supporter. It is important to preserve a degree of independence from the investigation when considering who might fulfil the role of an interview supporter. Other witnesses in the case, including those giving evidence of an early complaint, cannot act as interview supporters. Interpreters and intermediaries should also not act as supporters; these different functions should not be vested in one person. Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by Dr. Kevin Smith, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser and the National Vulnerable Witness Adviser from the Specialist Operations Centre of the National Policing Improvement Agency In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk ACPO Position Statement: Interviewing Child Witnesses in Major Crime Investigations National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) INTERVIEWING CHILD WITNESSES IN MAJOR CRIME INVESTIGATIONS Introduction Child witnesses feature in many major crime investigations. The purpose of this positional statement is to give bullet-point guidance to Senior Investigating Officers (SIOs) on the recommended approach to assessing and interviewng child witnesses. It is not a comprehensive guide and is not intended to replace a detailed interview strategy. Background A child witness is defined as being under 18 by Section 16 Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 (YJCEA) as amended by Section 98 Coroners and Justice Act 2009. All child witness are defined as ÔvulnerableÕ and as such are eligible for special measures1 by virtue of Part 2 YJCEA. Investigative interviews with child witnesses fall within the scope of Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on Interviewing Victims and Witnesses, and Using Special Measures (Ministry of Justice 2011). The ACPO Position Child Witness Welfare SIOs should not to assume that an interview would be too distressing for a child. It is quite possible that children who have witnessed a horrific crime make excellent and robust witnesses. The decision whether to interview or not should be considered in light of all available information and the reccomendations of a multi-agency strategy meeting if one is held. Where a muliti-agency strategy endorses a decision to interview a child it will usually be conducted jointly by approrpiately trained police officers and