any authorisation. As with the existing authorisation regimes under sections 40B and 40D of the 1952 Act, the authorisations applicable to all prison establishments to be specified under new section 40CA(5) will be generally be routine and reflect the reality that, in some specified circumstances, it will be 1 http://www.justice.gov.uk/offenders/psis/prison-service-instructions-2012 appropriate to allow identified individuals to possess items such as blades within the prison environment. For example, in relation to the existing offence of unauthorised conveyance into or out of a prison of an offensive weapon, paragraphs 7 to 11 of Annex 2 to Prison Service Instructions 10/2012 confers authorisation on a number of specified classes of person, namely Sikh members of the Chaplaincy carrying the Kirpan, delivery drivers conveying into a prison knives, tools or other items that might be deemed offensive and police officers carrying an extendable baton or items of personal protection equipment. It is envisaged that possession of such articles within a prison would also be authorised for the purposes of new section 40CA(5). In addition, there are a range of other bladed or sharply pointed articles with everyday usages which would need to be authorised for the purposes of new section 40CA, for example kitchen knives when used for the preparation of food, work tools when used for their intended purpose in prison workshops or to maintain the fabric of a prison building, and razor blades when used for shaving. 9. Section 40E(1)(ii) and (iii) of the 1952 Act, as applied by new section 40CA(5), enables an authorisation specific to a particular prison, to be given by the governor or director of the prison, or by a person working in the prison who is authorised by the governor or director to grant an authorisation on his or her behalf. There will be particular, usually occasional or one-off, circumstances where it will be necessary for a person visiting a prison to have in his or her possession a bladed or sharply pointed article or offensive weapon. In the interests of the efficient and effective management of individual prison establishments, it is appropriate that the decision to grant an authorisation in such cases is taken locally. Examples of such bespoke authorisations under the existing regime are setting out in Part E of Annex 2 to Prison Service Instructions 10/2012. 10. In the interests of consistency with the existing legislative framework, new section 40CA also enables general authorisations applicable to all prisons to be included in prison rules. The power in section 47 of the 1952 Act for the Secretary of State to make Prison Rules is subject to the negative resolution procedure (by virtue of section 66(4) of the Criminal Justice Act 1967) and it is not considered necessary to change this position. Home Office 7 October 2014 24/03/2025 Supporting material https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/civil-contingencies/supporting-material Page Supporting material This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 3 April 2024 Written by College of Policing Civil contingencies 13 mins read