. . . . . . . . . . . . 6 Regulation of equipment For subsections (2) and (3) of section 53 of the 1996 Act (regulations as to standard of equipment), there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(1A) The Secretary of State may by regulations make any or all of the following provisionsÑ (a) provision requiring all police forces in England and Wales, when using equipment for the purposes specified in the regulations to use onlyÑ (i) the equipment which is specified in the regulations; (ii) equipment which is of a description so specified; or (iii) equipment which is of a type approved by the Secretary of State in accordance with the regulations; (b) provision requiring all police forces in England and Wales to keep available for use the equipment falling within paragraph (a)(i) to (iii) which is specified or described in, or approved in accordance with, the regulations; (c) provision prohibiting all police forces in England and Wales from using equipment of a type approved as mentioned in paragraph (a)(iii) exceptÑ (i) where the conditions subject to which the approval was given are satisfied; and (ii) in accordance with the other terms of that approval; (d) provision requiring equipment used by police forces in England and Wales to comply, in the case of all police forces, with such conditions as may be specified in the regulations, or as may be approved by the Secretary of State in accordance with the regulations; (e) provision prohibiting all police forces in England and Wales from using equipment specified in the regulations, or any equipment of a description so specified. (1B) The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under subsection (1A) unless he considers it necessary to do so for the purpose of promoting the Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 7 Part 1 Ð Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes efficiency and effectiveness generally of the police forces maintained for police areas in England and Wales. (2) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult withÑ (a) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; (b) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and (c) such other persons as he thinks fit. (2A) Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. (2B) A statutory instrument containing any regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (2C) In this section ÒequipmentÓ includesÑ (a) vehicles; and