representative from all Category 1 responders - the duty applies to all of them. The LRF should consider inviting emergency planning officers, communications professionals, members of local and regional media, as well as appropriate Category 2 responders. Not only will this enhance partnership working and governance, but will allow the LRF to explore all possible solutions in making recommendations on possible control measures in this area. b) Establish an audit process Ð rationale for decisions made This is obviously important with any emergency planning process but the LRF should establish an auditing process to log all decisions that are taken, and processes followed throughout this cycle. This will help the LRF to review progress, answer Freedom of Information (FOI) enquiries and any other queries received, as well as helping to support any post-incident reviews. Step 2 Use the Community Risk Register as the task groupÕs starting point: o What is the Emergency Risk Management Context for the LRF area? Is the LRF area urban or rural in nature? Consider the geographical profile of the landscape in the LRF area. What hazards do the LRF need to manage Ð are there main rivers prone to slow-onset riverine flooding, for example, or streams that are prone to flash flooding? What is the infrastructure like Ð motorways or B-roads? Do the LRF have large international communities where English may not be the first language? Asking such questions about the Emergency Risk Management Context will enable the LRF to set the background against which the task group will work, and allow the LRF to identify the most appropriate control measures for the area, the hazards, and the public. o What are the timescales and impact for each risk? Assess the warning and informing timescales for each hazard, using the outcome descriptions from the CRR as a guide Ð what are the warning periods for each, or does the hazard have no-notice characteristics? Identifying these factors will also assist the task group to identify the most appropriate control measures against each hazard. o What are the priorities identified within the CRR? The task group should familiarise itself with those hazards which require the most urgent risk treatment to be carried out on them in relation to warning and informing control measures. This will obviously have a bearing on any future recommendations to the LRF regarding proposed control measures. Step 3 Identify and agree the lead responders for each risk in the Community Risk Register o Purpose of appointing lead responders Why do LRFs need to identify lead responders? Firstly, the Civil Contingencies Act (2004) states that LRFs are required to identify those Category 1 responders who will take the lead in maintaining arrangements to warn and inform and educate the public, and educate the public about risks and other civil protection matters, for each risk identified in the LRF Community Risk Register (CRR). However, in communicating with the public, there is a need to avoid causing confusion during an incident, and in the absence of