at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes of alcohol at the time offender was driving or attempting to drive, 6 months or level 5 on the standard scale or both. (b) In any other case, 3 months or level 4 on the standard scale or both F494(6) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . in any other case Use of specimens taken from persons incapable of consenting In subsection (2) of section 15 of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (c. 53) (evidence of blood alcohol level)— after “provided by” there shall be inserted “ or taken from ”; and after the word “provided”, in the second place where it occurs, there shall be inserted “ or taken ”. In subsection (3)(a) of that section (rebutting the assumption in subsection (2)), after “provided the specimen” there shall be inserted “ or had it taken from him ”. In subsection (4) of that section (circumstances in which a specimen of blood is to be disregarded), for the words from “unless” to the end there shall be substituted “unless — it was taken from the accused with his consent and either— in a police station by a medical practitioner or a registered health care professional; or elsewhere by a medical practitioner; or it was taken from the accused by a medical practitioner under section 7A of the Road Traffic Act 1988 and the accused subsequently gave his permission for a laboratory test of the specimen.” After subsection (5) of that section, there shall be inserted— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 117 “(5A) Where a specimen of blood was taken from the accused under section 7A of the Road Traffic Act 1988, evidence of the proportion of alcohol or any drug found in the specimen is not admissible on behalf of the prosecution unless— the specimen in which the alcohol or drug was found is one of two parts into which the specimen taken from the accused was divided at the time it was taken; and any request to be supplied with the other part which was made by the accused at the time when he gave his permission for a laboratory test of the specimen was