(b) by virtue of section 88F or 88G the relevant sex offender ceases to be subject to the notification requirements of this Part, the sexual harm prevention order ceases to have effect. (6) On an application for a sexual harm prevention order made by a chief officer of police, the court must make a notification order in respect of the defendant (either in addition to or instead of a sexual harm prevention order) ifÑ (a) the applicant invites the court to do so, and (b) it is proved that the conditions in section 97(2) to (4) are met. (7) On an application for an interim sexual harm prevention order made by a chief officer of police, the court may, if it considers it just to do so, make an interim notification order (either in addition to or instead of an interim sexual harm prevention order). 103H SHPOs and interim SHPOs: appeals (1) A defendant may appeal against the making of a sexual harm prevention orderÑ (1) 196 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) where the order was made by virtue of section 103A(2)(a)(i), as if the order were a sentence passed on the defendant for the offence; (b) where the order was made by virtue of section 103A(2)(a)(ii) or (iii), as if the defendant had been convicted of the offence and the order were a sentence passed on the defendant for that offence; (c) where the order was made on an application under section 103A(4), to the Crown Court. (2) A defendant may appeal to the Crown Court against the making of an interim sexual harm prevention order. (3) A defendant may appeal against the making of an order under section 103E, or the refusal to make such an orderÑ (a) where the application for such an order was made to the Crown Court, to the Court of Appeal; (b) in any other case, to the Crown Court. (4) On an appeal under subsection (1)(c), (2) or (3)(b), the Crown Court may make such orders as may be necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal, and may also make such incidental or consequential orders as appear to it to be just. (5) Any order made by the Crown Court on an appeal under subsection (1) (c) or (2) (other than an order directing that an application be re-heard by a magistrates' court) is for the purposes of section 103E(9) or