also required by the life sentence provisions to release the prisoner. (3) Nothing in this Chapter requires the Secretary of State to refer the prisonerÕs case to the Board unless the Secretary of State is also required by the life sentence provisions toÑ (a) refer the prisonerÕs case to the Board, or (b) release the prisoner. (4) The reference in subsection (3)(a) to a requirement of the Secretary of State to refer a prisonerÕs case to the Board does not include a requirement to do so under section 31A(3) of the 1997 Act. (5) The fact that the prisoner is also serving a fixed-term sentence is to be ignored in determining, for the purposes of subsections (2) and (3), what the life sentence provisions require. (6) In this section Òthe life sentence provisionsÓ means Chapter 2 of Part 2 of the 1997 Act.Ó (12) In section 11 of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 (release on licence of life prisoners), omit subsections (1) and (4). (1) 162 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 145 Application of release provisions to repatriated prisoners (1) In the Schedule to the Repatriation of Prisoners Act 1984, in paragraph 2 (application of early release provisions) as it applies in relation to prisoners repatriated to England and WalesÑ (a) omit sub-paragraphs (3) and (3A); (b) for sub-paragraphs (3B) to (3F) (inserted by the Counter-Terrorism and Sentencing Act 2021) substituteÑ Ò(3ZA) The Secretary of State may specify in the warrant that the prisoner is to be treated for the purposes of the enactments relating to release on licence as if the sentence to be served by the prisoner was imposed in respect ofÑ (a) a particular offence under the law of England and Wales, (b) such an offence carried out in a certain manner or in certain circumstances, or (c) such an offence in relation to which certain findings were made by the court before which the prisoner was convicted or sentenced for the offence; and if that is done those enactments have effect accordingly. (3ZB) An offence may be specified under sub-paragraph (3ZA) only if it corresponds to the offence in respect of which the prisoner is required to be detained in the country or territory from which the prisoner is transferred (Òthe overseas offenceÓ). (3ZC) A specification under sub-paragraph (3ZA)(b) may be made only if, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, findings made by the court before which the prisoner