you intend to start your maternity leave. To ensure you receive your full entitlements to pay and leave during the maternity period, you are required to notify the organisation by completing the Form M1 as soon as is reasonably practicable, but no later than 28 days before you intend to start your maternity leave (Regulation 33, Annex R). Longer notice is always preferable as it gives your line manager time to plan for your absence. You must provide a MATB1 certificate which is obtained from your Doctor or Midwife confirming the date your baby is expected. You may not qualify for maternity leave if you fail to produce certificate MATB1. MATB1Õs are usually issued from around the 24th week of pregnancy. Once we have received your notification, we will write to you, within 28 days of receipt of this form to confirm your entitlements and the date you are due to return. 1.5 Leave Entitlement All pregnant officers/staff members (regardless of length of service) have the right in law to take up to 26 weeks' ordinary maternity leave and up to a further 26 weeks' additional maternity leave and to resume work afterwards. You are therefore entitled to a total period of 52 weeks' maternity leave. Additional maternity leave follows on immediately from the end of the period of ordinary maternity leave. • The earliest it can commence is 6 months prior to the probable birth date. • The latest it can end is 12 months following the stated probable birth date. • • You may take a maximum of 15 months of leave in total out of the 18 month period. The law requires all new mothers to take a minimum of two weeks of maternity leave immediately after the birth of the child. This is part of the OML period and not additional to it. Maternity Leave will commence on the day you notify the organisation that you wish it to start and no later than the date given as the probable date of birth. It will end on the day you have given as your intention to return to work and no later than the last day of the maternity period. (Up to 12 months after the birth). 1.6 Annual Leave and Bank Holidays You will continue to accrue both statutory and any additional contractual holiday entitlement during both the 26 weeks' ordinary maternity leave period and 26 weeks' additional maternity leave period. You will be advised before you start ordinary maternity leave whether or not you have any outstanding holiday entitlement. The organisation may: • require you to take such outstanding holiday before commencing maternity leave; • agree in conjunction with your line manager that you should carry the leave over and take it on return to work after maternity leave; or • for holiday entitlement in excess of the statutory minimum, pay you for any outstanding holiday leave as if you were leaving. These options will be discussed with you prior to the start of