the magazine must meet the requirement in section 1(3)(a)(ii) of the 1968 Act; that is, the magazine must be incapable of holding more than two cartridges. 2.14 When assessing the magazine capacity of a firearm, consideration should be given to the number of cartridges that the firearm was designed or proofed to take. For example, where a shot gun has a magazine which is capable of holding three cartridges but was designed to hold only two, the shot gun should be considered a section 2 firearm rather than a section 1 firearm. Although interpretation of the law is ultimately a matter for the courts, it is thought unlikely, for example, that the insertion of a plastic or wooden plug into a large capacity fixed magazine would, of itself, be regarded as rendering that gun as having a magazine incapable of holding more than two cartridges. The restriction would need to be of an equivalent standard to the methods set out in the Home Office approved specifications in order to meet the requirements of section 1(3)(a)(ii). Deactivated firearms 2.15 Within the context of section 38 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006, a Ôdeactivated firearmÕ means an imitation that consists of something which was a firearm but has been rendered incapable of discharging a shot, bullet, or other missile. Section 8 of the 1988 Act provides that, unless it can be shown otherwise, a firearm which has been deactivated to a standard approved by the Secretary of State, so that it is incapable of discharging any shot, bullet or other missile, is presumed not to be a firearm within the meaning of the 1968 Act and therefore is not subject to control if it bears a mark approved by the Secretary of State for denoting that fact. The 1988 Act requires that one of the two Proof Houses or some other person approved by the Secretary of State has marked the firearm and certified in writing (that is, provided a certificate) that it has been deactivated to the approved standard. No other person has been approved for this purpose. A deactivated firearm is also to be treated as an imitation firearm, and by virtue of section 24A of the 1968 Act can only be bought by or sold to someone aged 18 or over 2.16 Deactivation specifications were first set by the Home Office in 1989. They were revised in 1995 and again in 2010. These specifications came into force on 1 October 1995 and 17 December 2010, and are not retrospective. Therefore, a gun deactivated to the old specifications prior to revisions, remains deactivated for legal purposes. 2.17 The 1995 (and to some extent 2010) specifications encompassed a substantially greater range of firearms design and are generally more stringent than the preceding (1989) standards. 2.18 Section 8 of the 1988 Act is an evidential provision and does not preclude the possibility that a firearm which has been deactivated in some other manner may also have ceased to be a firearm