version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F343and, for the purposes of this definition, “acting chief officer” means a person exercising or performing functions of a chief constable in accordance with section 41 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011; a person exercising powers or duties of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis in accordance with section 44 or 45(4) of that Act; or a person exercising duties of the Commissioner of Police for the City of London in accordance with section 25 of the City of London Police Act 1839;] “chief officer” means the chief officer of police of any police force; F344... “complainant” shall be construed in accordance with subsection (2); “complaint” has the meaning given by section 12; “conduct” includes acts, omissions[F345, statements and decisions] (whether actual, alleged or inferred); “conduct matter” has the meaning given by section 12; [F346“death or serious injury matter” and “DSI matter” have the meaning given by section 12;] [F347“the Director General” means (unless otherwise specified) the Director General of the Office;] “disciplinary proceedings” means— in relation to a member of a police force or a special constable, proceedings under any regulations made by virtue of section 50 or 51 of the 1996 Act and identified as disciplinary proceedings by those regulations; and in relation to a person serving with the police who is not a member of a police force or a special constable, proceedings identified as such by regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this Part; “document” means anything in which information of any description is recorded; “information” includes estimates and projections, and statistical analyses; F348... [F349“the Office” means the Independent Office for Police Conduct;] “person complained against”, in relation to a complaint [F350that relates to conduct of a person serving with the police], means the person whose conduct is the subject-matter of the complaint; “recordable conduct matter” means (subject to any regulations under section 23(2)(d))— a conduct matter that is required to be recorded by the appropriate authority under paragraph 10 [F351, 11 or 13A] of Schedule 3 or has been so recorded; or (aa) [F352a conduct matter that is required to be recorded by the appropriate authority under section 28A(8) or has been so recorded;] F353. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . “relevant force”, in relation to the appropriate authority, means— [F354if that authority is a local policing body, the police force which the body is responsible for maintaining; and] if that