right to participate in the HMPPS Victim Contact Scheme. If victims have opted into the Victim Contact Scheme, the expectations of the Victim Liaison Officer and case managers are set out in the Policy Framework; the role of the Victim Liaison Officer includes informing the victim about key developments in the perpetrator’s sentence such as if they are due to be released from prison or, for indeterminate prisoners, updates on Parole Board hearings. The probation practitioner should include the arrangements for informing the victim of a prisoner’s release from custody as part of the victim safety element of their risk management plan including in circumstances where the person poses a high risk of harm to a victim who does not fall into the scheme. Further information is provided in the Policy Framework. Youth Offending Teams Youth Offending Teams play a significant role in assessing and identifying both victims and perpetrators of domestic abuse. The teams are often one of the key referrers into children’s social care and play an instrumental role in delivering offence- focused work around domestic abuse and providing learning on healthy relationships. The general services they provide include: running local crime prevention programmes; helping young people at the police station if they are arrested; helping young people and their families at court; supervising young people serving a community sentence; and staying in touch with a young person if they are sentenced to custody. Whilst the police are usually the first people to contact the youth offending team, any agency can make contact and family members and friends can also contact them if they are worried about a young person’s behaviour. Criminal and Civil Justice System – Criminal, Civil, and Family Courts Criminal courts and special measures in the criminal courts Domestic abuse is dealt with under both the criminal and civil law. The two systems are separate and are largely administered by separate courts. Criminal courts primarily deal with offenders who have committed a criminal offence, from common assault to Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance more serious crimes such as murder. The criminal courts will take necessary steps to ensure that victims and witnesses are able to give their best evidence in such proceedings. The Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 (‘the 1999 Act’) introduced a range of measures that can be used to facilitate the gathering and giving of evidence by vulnerable and intimidated witnesses. These measures are known collectively as ‘special measures’ and include the following: Screens to shield the witness from the defendant Evidence given by witnesses through live link Evidence given in private Removal of wigs and gowns by judges and barristers Visual recorded interview Pre-trial visual recorded cross -examination or re-examination Examination of witness through an intermediary Aids to communication The CPS provides further guidance on special measures. The 2021 Act provides for automatic eligibility for complainants of offences relating to domestic abuse to be considered for special measures in criminal proceedings. Once fully in force, section 62 of the