application of a constable, means a constable or a person authorised by the chief officer of police for the area in which the premises are situated; (b) in relation to a closure order made on the application of a local authority, means a person authorised by that authority. (3) A person acting under subsection (1) may use reasonable force. (4) A person seeking to enter premises under subsection (1) must, if required to do so by or on behalf of the owner, occupier or other person in charge of the premises, produce evidence of his or her identity and authority before entering the premises. (5) An authorised person may also enter premises in respect of which a closure order is in force to carry out essential maintenance or repairs to the premises. 86 Offences (1) A person who without reasonable excuse remains on or enters premises in contravention of a closure notice (including a notice continued in force under section 81) commits an offence. (2) A person who without reasonable excuse remains on or enters premises in contravention of a closure order commits an offence. (3) A person who without reasonable excuse obstructs a person acting under section 79 or 85(1) commits an offence. (4) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) or (3) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) to imprisonment for a period not exceeding 3 months, or (b) to a fine, or to both. (5) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (2) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) to imprisonment for a period not exceeding 51 weeks, or (b) to a fine, or to both. (a) 62 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) In relation to an offence committed before the commencement of section 281(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003, the reference in subsection (5)(a) to 51 weeks is to be read as a reference to 6 months. Supplemental 87 Access to other premises (1) WhereÑ (a) access to premises is prohibited or restricted by, or as a result of, an order under section 80, 81, 82 or 84, (b) those premises are part of a building or structure, and (c) there is another part of that building or structure that is not subject to the prohibition or restriction, an occupier or owner of that other part may apply to the appropriate court for an order under this section. (2) The appropriate court