you are in danger and unable to talk on the phone, call 999 and listen to the questions from the operator and, if you can, respond by coughing or tapping on the handset. Call 999 from a mobile If prompted, press 55 to Make Yourself Heard and this will transfer your call to the police. Pressing 55 only works on mobiles and does not allow police to track your location. Call 999 from a landline If the operator can only hear background noise and cannot decide whether an emergency service is needed, you will be connected to a police call handler. If you replace the handset, the landline may remain connected for 45 seconds in case you pick up again. When 999 calls are made from landlines, information about your location should be automatically available to the call handlers to help provide a response. If you are deaf or canÕt use a phone You can register with the emergencySMS. Text REGISTER to 999. You will get a text which tells you what to do next. Do this when it is safe so you can text when you are in danger. Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 + show all updates Explore the topic Domestic abuse Violence against women and girls Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Menu Home Crime, justice and law Domestic abuse Guidance Domestic abuse: how to get help Find out how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. From: Home O?ce Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 Ñ See all updates Related content Definition of domestic violence and abuse: g uide for local areas Apply for the migrant victims of domestic abuse concession Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Domestic abuse: recognise the signs Indefinite leave to remain or enter ( domestic violence or abuse) Translated guidance If English is not your first language, information has been translated into several languages as well as an easy read version. WomenÕs Aid also have g uidance documents on domestic abuse and coronavirus available in a number of languages for victims, family and friends, and community members of those a?ected. If you are deaf, you can access a British Sign Lang uage video that explains how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. Recognise domestic abuse Does your partner, ex-partner or someone you live with: cut you o? from family and friends and intentionally isolate you? bully, threaten, or control you? take control of your finances? monitor