Secretary of State may so determine, pay or make payments in respect of such pension or gratuity as the Secretary of State may determine. If— a person ceases to be a member or ceases to be the chairman of the Authority, and it appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances which make it right that he should receive compensation, the Secretary of State may direct the Authority to make a payment of such amount as he may determine. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1) The Authority shall have— 142 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) SCHEDULE 3 Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a chief executive, with responsibility to the Authority for the carrying out of the Authority’s functions and the management of their staff; and subject to the approval of the Secretary of State as to numbers and terms and conditions of service, such other staff as the Authority may appoint. The chief executive shall be appointed by the Authority, but no appointment of a chief executive may be made except with the consent of the Secretary of State. References in this Schedule to the staff of the Authority include references to their chief executive. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (1) The Authority— shall pay to members of their staff such remuneration and allowances, and may make such payments in respect of remuneration and allowances paid by others to persons engaged with the Authority as members of their staff on periods of temporary service, as the Authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, determine. The Authority shall— pay, or make payments in respect of, such pensions or gratuities to or in respect of any persons who are, or have been, members of their staff as the Authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, determine; and establish and maintain such schemes (whether contributory or not) as they may determine, with the consent of the Secretary of State, for the payment of pensions or gratuities to or in respect of any such persons. References in this paragraph to pensions and gratuities include references to pensions or gratuities by way of compensation to or in respect of members of the staff of the Authority who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments. If