in custody or in the community, supporting people to complete them successfully or taking enforcement action where they are not complying. This includes tackling domestic abuse as part of HMPPS’ wider role of protecting the public and reducing reoffending. HMPPS works closely with a variety of other agencies, to manage the risks perpetrators pose and to ensure that risk management plans address the safety and wellbeing of victims, including children. The HMPPS Domestic Abuse Policy Framework sets out the organisation’s commitment to reducing domestic abuse related reoffending, the risk of serious harm associated with it and to provide interventions to support rehabilitation. It ensures that staff at all levels understand what is expected of them and take action to safeguard adults and children at risk. It encourages staff to approach the issue with professional curiosity in every case and sets out the principles of good practice in relation to working with domestic abuse. The Policy Framework outlines the arrangements for working with people whose behaviours include domestic abuse, as well as those with convictions. The identification of domestic abuse is not a one-off activity that occurs only at the point of a court report or at the start of the sentence. Throughout the sentence, all staff need to use an investigative approach, being vigilant and inquisitive in seeking out information from a wide range of sources to inform an ongoing assessment of whether domestic abuse features in current or previous relationships. Risk assessment requires an analysis of all available sources of information and takes into account prior known incidents of domestic abuse (e.g. police call-out information) as well as convictions. Risk Management Plans must address all the identified risk factors and set out actions to safeguard identified individuals assessed to be at risk of serious harm. HMPPS provides advice to courts to support safe sentencing and work closely with a variety of other agencies to manage the risks posed by those under their supervision. Sharing information in relation to risk is already an expected element of all staff’s Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance practice. The Policy Framework details the expectations of multi-agency working in the context of domestic abuse, highlighting the range of arrangements under which multi- agency working is governed and individual cases discussed. Staff will need to be familiar with local arrangements for Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements (MAPPA), Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conferences (MARAC), child safeguarding case conferences, Integrated Offender Management (IOM) as well as familiarising themselves with specialist voluntary sector domestic abuse agencies. Probation practitioners and their managers should expect to work with a variety of other agencies, to manage the risks perpetrators pose and to ensure the safety and wellbeing of victims, including children. The involvement of other agencies and the need to share information should form part of a Risk Management Plan and staff will need to consider which multi-agency arrangements are likely to be the most effective mechanism for each plan. Where appropriate, perpetrators should be offered the opportunity to engage with an offending