353(7) on the premises); • anything covered by the powers in Part 2 of the CJPA which allow an appropriate person to seize property from premises where it is not reasonably practicable to determine on the premises whether he is entitled to seize it and retain it for sifting or examination in secure conditions elsewhere; and • anything that the appropriate person has the power to seize not covered by the warrant which is discovered during the course of the search (for example seizure of cash under section 294). However, this is incidental to the search powers and a warrant should not be applied for to search for material other than that specified in the application. Regard should be had to the codes relevant to the exercise of the other powers. 101. A search must not continue after it appears that there is no more material covered by the warrant on the premises, even if the appropriate person suspects that there are other items which they may want to seize. 102. Appropriate persons should be aware of section 59 of the CJPA which allows persons with a relevant interest in material which has been seized to make an application to a judicial authority31 for the return of the material. Appropriate persons should also be aware of the subsequent duty to secure seized property in sections 59 to 61 of the CJPA. 103. Under section 356, an appropriate person may take copies of any seized material. Material seized under a warrant may be retained for so long as it is necessary to retain it (as opposed to copies of it) in connection with the investigation for the purposes of which the warrant was issued. But if an appropriate officer has reasonable grounds for believing thatÑ (a) the material may need to be produced for the purposes of any legal proceedings, and (b) it might otherwise be unavailable for those purposes, it may be retained until the proceedings are concluded.32 31 See section 64 of the CJPA for the meaning of Òappropriate judicial authorityÓ: in relation to the exercise of the power of seizure under section 352(4) POCA, whether exercised alone or in conjunction with section 50 of the CJPA, it means the High Court. 32 Section 356 (10) 104. Where an appropriate person considers that information which is held in a computer and is accessible from the premises specified in the warrant is relevant to the investigation, they may require the information to be produced from the computer in a form which can be taken away (for example, a computer printout or a removable computer disk)33. Care should be taken to ensure that the person producing the material in this form does not delete or corrupt evidence from the computer, either deliberately or accidentally. Particular record of proceedings in executing a search and seizure warrant 105. Where premises have been searched under a warrant issued under Chapter 2 of Part 8, the appropriate person should make or have made a record