organisations effectively and drive forward cultural changes to ensure that all residents are treated with courtesy and respect. The review will be informed by a Working Group made up of residents, landlords, professional bodies and academics, which will explore the relevance and value of professional qualifications. As well as assessing professional requirements more broadly, including any specific customer service focused requirements, the review will consider best practice for delivering support on mental health23 to ensure staff maintain their skills and knowledge and, if required, set out proposals for new qualifications. 22 English Housing Survey, social rented sector 2017-18 https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/english-housing-survey-2017-to-2018-social-rented-sector 23 See CIPD website for more information https://www.cipd.co.uk/learn/cpd/about The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 49 ÒThe conversations we have had with residents in creating this White Paper have been fundamental to our understanding of what is important to people living in social housing.Ó á .i.i;..._.,IJ i:= . :r:- -- - :::;;i,f=t:: ,.:áJ Chapter 6: To have a good quality home and neighbourhood to live in Creating well designed, decent homes and good neighbourhoods has been at the heart of developing social housing from the outset. Early local authority home building prioritised space and facilities, and today landlords are expected to provide decent, well-maintained homes and do their bit in keeping neighbourhoods safe and clean. We heard from our discussions with residents and the responses to the social housing Green Paper how important it was that the areas where they lived were decent and well maintained. People talked to us of their pride in their community, but how sometimes this was let down by poor neighbourhood management, upkeep of buildings and the quality of shared spaces. Some of these issues have been magnified by COVID-19; some residents have struggled to find green spaces to exercise and others have experienced isolation, loneliness and the challenge of dealing with anti-social behaviour. We want to change this and ensure that all social housing residents can enjoy good neighbourhoods and access to green space. This chapter sets out how we will ensure good quality, decent homes and neighbourhoods, including access to green space and support for wellbeing. We have already: • Announced the Green Homes Grant for 2020/21, which social landlords are eligible to bid for, which will fund up to two thirds of the cost of hiring tradespeople to upgrade the energy performance of homes. • Announced a £50 million demonstrator project to support the decarbonisation of social housing over 2020/21. • Published our 25 Year Environment Plan committing to connect people with the environment to improve health and wellbeing. • Encouraged developments that promote health and wellbeing through the National Planning Policy Framework and National Design Guide. • Announced a consultation through the Planning for the Future White Paper on proposals to enable more and better green space in development. • Committed to expanding access to mental health services through the NHS Long Term Plan. Our investment of a further £2.3 billion a year by 2023/24 will ensure that