a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F3The Independent Office for Police Conduct] 9 [F4The Independent Office for Police Conduct] [F5(1) The body corporate previously known as the Independent Police Complaints CommissionÑ (a) is to continue to exist, and (b) is to be known instead as the Independent Office for Police Conduct.] [F6(2) The Office is to consist ofÑ (a) a Director General appointed by Her Majesty, and (b) at least six other members. (2A) The other members must consist ofÑ (a) persons appointed as non-executive members (see paragraph 1A of Schedule 2), and (b) persons appointed as employee members (see paragraph 1B of that Schedule), but the powers of appointment under those paragraphs must be exercised so as to secure that a majority of members of the Office (including the Director General) are non-executive members.] (3) A person shall not be appointed as the [F7Director General]F8... ifÑ (a) he holds or has held office as a constable in any part of the United Kingdom; (b) he is or has been under the direction and control of a chief officer or of any person holding an equivalent office in Scotland or Northern Ireland; (c) he is a person in relation to whom a designation under section 39 is or has been in force; (d) he is a person in relation to whom an accreditation under section 41 [F9or 41A] is or has been in force; [F10(da) he F11... has been the chairman or a member of, or a member of the staff of, the Serious Organised Crime Agency;] [F12(db) he F13... has beenÑ (i) the chairman or chief executive of, or (ii) another member of, or (iii) another member of the staff of, the National Policing Improvement Agency;] [F14(dc) the person is, or has been, a National Crime Agency officer;] (e) he F15. . . has been a member of the National Criminal Intelligence Service or the National Crime Squad; or (f) he is or has at any time been a member of a body of constables which at the time of his membership is or was a body of constables in relation to which any procedures are or were in force by virtue of an agreement or order underÑ (i) section 26 of this Act; or (i) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 11 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (ii) section 78 of the 1996 Act or section 96 of the 1984 Act (which