other countries). This should include a mechanism to ensure central coordination of learning, consideration of recommendations and maintaining an audit of the police serviceÕs response. 8.1.5 Operational learning and debriefing should inform the APSTRA process. 8.2 Safety critical incidents in training 8.2.1 Where an incident occurs in training that that may have safety implications for: ? other forces ? Authorised Professional Practice ? the NPFTC. Chief officers should ensure that the College of Policing and relevant national policing leads are informed. Where there is doubt to whether an incident has such implications the College of Policing should be consulted. Maintenance, storage and accounting of weapons and 9 munitions 9.1 Procedures 9.1.1 In order that weapons and munitions can be stored, used safely and appropriately audited, chief officers must ensure that procedures are in place for the following: ? Routine maintenance and inspection regimes by a competent person. ? Quarantining and labelling of unserviceable weapons, ammunition and specialist munitions. ? Inspection, testing and repair of weapons, subject to quarantine, by a competent person. ? Destruction, withdrawal, replacement, or confinement to non-operational use of weapons that are unserviceable. ? Regular auditing of weapons, ammunition and specialist munitions. ? Auditable records of the above. 9.2 Fault reporting 9.2.1 Chief officers should ensure procedures exist for the reporting of failures or defects of munitions and weapons to Dstl. NAP and Dstl will be responsible for advising on the technical investigation of such matters. 9.3 Storage 9.3.1 Chief officers must ensure that there are secure armoury facilities for storing firearms, less lethal weapons and munitions held for operational and training purposes. 9.4 Auditing and accounting 9.4.1 The system of accounting for firearms, specialist munitions, less lethal weapons and ammunition must provide an audit trail for the issue, movement and return of weapons, and of the issue, return and use of ammunition. 1.1.1 About the College WeÕre the professional body for everyone who works for the police service in England and Wales. Our purpose is to provide those working in policing with the skills and knowledge necessary to prevent crime, protect the public and secure public trust. college.police.uk Follow us @CollegeofPolice C002I0120 CCS0120853800 978-1-5286-1724-6 Code of Practice Third Party Certification A guide to THIRD PARTY CERTIFICATION This leaflet provides information on the Surveillance Camera CommissionerÕs third party certification process. 1. What is Third Party Certification? • ItÕs a scheme that enables organisations to certify their surveillance camera systems against the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice • The scheme is offered by UKAS accredited certification bodies 2. Who is Certification for? • Any organisation that operates a surveillance camera system, including CCTV, Body Worn Video, Drones, Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) and Automatic Facial Recognition (AFR) within a public space • Any organisation that wants to evidence its compliance with the Surveillance Camera Code of Practice 3. What is in it for me? • You will receive a certificate of compliance • You will be able to use the Surveillance Camera CommissionerÕs certification mark • You will