applicant, and may specify that only those guards cleared by the Home Office can possess firearms. PMSCs who have already obtained RFD status and who wish to conduct maritime security operations on board UK registered vessels must proceed to submit their application for a section 5 authority to the Home Office. 30.17 Under section 8 of the Firearms Act 1968 a registered firearms dealer and their servants are exempt from having to hold a firearms certificate in order to possess, purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition. Therefore, once the Home Office has issued the section 5 authority, followed by issue of the RFD by the police, there is no requirement for each armed guard who has been cleared by the Home Office to hold a firearm certificate in their own right, provided that the PMSC they are employed by, or to whom they are acting as a sub-contractor, is a registered firearms dealer. PMSCs who are not registered firearms dealers (RFDs) 30.18 If a PMSC is not a registered firearms dealer then each of the armed guards will need to apply to their local police for a firearm certificate for the weapons specified in their own right, following issue of the section 5 authority to the PMSC. Given the additional administration involved, it is expected that most PMSCs will wish to become registered firearms dealers. Section 5 authorisation 30.19 Once the necessary checks have been completed, if the Home Office is satisfied, a section 5 authority will be issued to the PMSC with conditions attached to ensure that the firearms will not endanger the public safety or the peace. It is an offence under section 5(5) of the Firearms Act 1968 to fail to comply with these conditions. 30.20 A section 5 authority is issued initially for one year followed by three years at first renewal, unless there has been a breach of conditions or other public safety concerns. 30.21 PMSCs should submit renewal applications for section 5 authorities, or requests for clearance for guards, at least four months before expiry in order to allow police sufficient time to carry out the necessary checks. Other issues 30.22 Training: the maritime security industry is well-established with a number of PMSCs currently operating to protect shipping. The policy does not currently extend to authorisation of PMSCs to undertake maritime security training in the UK using live firearms, including training in the use of prohibited weapons. Work is underway to consider options for training standards and requirements in the future. 30.23 Maritime accreditation has been taken forward at an international level by the ISO (International Organisation for Standardisation). ISO/PAS 28007 ÔGuidelines for Private Maritime Security Companies Providing Privately Contracted Armed Security Personnel on Board ShipsÕ was published in 2012. For the UK, the SCEG (Security in Complex Environments Group), was appointed by the UK Government as its industry partner for regulation and accreditation, and has been working to produce standards for the UK private security industry operating overseas in hazardous environments. www.sceguk.org.uk. The