5. Demonstrate the Police ServiceÕs leadership on the issues as well as playing an effective role in the coalition of partners to tackle Stalking and Harassment. There are also three key principles that will underpin everything that Wiltshire Police does with respect to Stalking and Harassment: • That we treat victims compassionately, fairly, and professionally, • That we put victimsÕ (and their children) safety and well-being at the heart of our initial responses and investigations; and • That their personal details will be stored, managed and handled with integrity and confidentially. POLICY AIM The purpose of this policy is to clearly define Stalking & Harassment and provide guidance on risk management and investigation. This is done with the intent to reduce the risk of serious harm or homicide and to deliver a high-quality service to victims and their families. APPLICABILITY This document should be considered by all members of Wiltshire Police who deal with allegations of Stalking and Harassment. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Stalking Protection Act 2019 Protection from Harassment Act 1997 Children Act 1989 Criminal Justice & Police Act 2001 Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004 Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS ACPO (2009) Practice Advice on Investigating Stalking and Harassment College of Policing (2013) Briefing Note for Amendments to the Protection from Harassment Act 1997. Child Abuse Procedure Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure Missing Persons Policy and Procedure Management of Missing Persons and Absent Without Leave (Joint Protocol) Protocol on the appropriate handling of stalking offences between the Crown Prosecution Service & ACPO (cps.gov.uk) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE APP> Major investigation and public protection> Stalking or harassment APP> Major investigation and public protection > Missing Persons APP> Major investigation and public protection > Investigating child abuse and safeguarding children. APP > Major investigation and public protection > Domestic Abuse APP Investigation DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW This policy will be reviewed either every eighteen months; as the result of significant publications from either the Home Office or NPCC/CoP guidance/APP; or because of a significant case that has highlighted areas for improvement. The Force Lead for Stalking and Harassment will regularly monitor compliance with this policy. The Force Lead for Stalking and Harassment holds overall responsibility for the review and monitoring of this policy and will conduct all necessary reviews. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Superintendent Head of the Geographical Crime and the Force Lead for Stalking and Harassment are responsible for this policy. All queries relating to the policy and procedure should be directed to the Force Lead for Stalking and Harassment. Table of Contents PROCEDURE ÒWiltshire Police will take all reports of Stalking and