CommissionerÕs opinion, are likely to identify any person and can be omitted without impairing the effectiveness of the report, unless the Commissioner determines that it is necessary to do so (having taken into account the public interest).Ó. (3) In section 33A (general functions of the Commissioner)Ñ (a) the word ÒandÓ following paragraph (c) is repealed, (b) after paragraph (d), insertÑ Ò(e) to carry out investigations in relation to constables of police forces other than the Police Service where directed or requested to do so under section 41G;Ó. (4) In section 46 (disclosure of information by and to the Commissioner), in subsection (6), after Ò33AÓ insert Òor section 41G(2)Ó. (5) In section 46A (protection from actions for defamation), in subsection (1)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a)(i), for Òor (d)Ó substitute Ò, (d) or (e)Ó, (b) in paragraph (b), for Òor (d)Ó substitute Ò, (d) or (e)Ó. (6) In section 103 (subordinate legislation), in subsection (4)(a), after Ò41D(1)Ó insert Òor 41H(1)Ó. 18 Review of, and recommendations about, practices and policies of the police (1) The 2006 Act is amended as follows. (2) After section 41H (inserted by section 17(2)), insertÑ (1) Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 21 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. ÒReview of, and recommendations about, practices and policies of the police 41I Review of police practices or policies (1) Where the Commissioner considers that it would be in the public interest to do so, the Commissioner may review a practice or policy of the Authority or the chief constable. (2) Before deciding to carry out a review under subsection (1), the Commissioner must consult His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland. (3) The arrangements mentioned in section 40A(1) (arrangements for handling relevant complaints and investigation of whistleblowing complaints) are not a practice or policy for the purposes of subsection (1). (4) Before carrying out a review under subsection (1), the Commissioner mustÑ (a) inform the person whose practice or policy is to be reviewed, (b) state the practice or policy under review, and (c) provide reasons as to why the review is proposed. (5) The person whose practice or policy is to be reviewed must assist the Commissioner when carrying out a review under subsection (1) (by providing evidence, attending hearings or otherwise). (6) The Commissioner must prepare a report of each review carried out under subsection (1). (7) A report prepared under subsection (6) may include such recommendations as appear to the Commissioner to be necessary or desirable in relation toÑ (a) the practice or policy to which the review relates, or (b) any other practice of the Authority or the chief constable. (8) The Commissioner mustÑ (a) give a copy of each report prepared under subsection (6) toÑ (i) the Authority, (ii) the chief constable, (iii) His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland, (iv) the