2 responders and represent them at a UK level as well as issuing guidance in relation to their functions. WG has devolved responsibility in a number of areas, such as environment and animal health, and acts as an LGD for those areas in Wales. Finally, there is the Civil Contingencies Secretariat (CCS) within the Cabinet Office which relates directly to the Category 1 and 2 responders and to the LRFs and is responsible for the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 and local resilience policy. It also co-ordinates the resilience work of LGDs. The CCS and LGDs report to a Cabinet sub-committee on Threats, Hazards and Resilience and Contingencies (NSC (THRC)), which itself reports to a Cabinet committee, the National Security Council (NSC). 2.94. The LRF should not be expected to act in the same way as an arm of government, funded and resourced to deliver policy objectives. It is a forum required under the CCA regulations, but it may not have paid staff and its essential role is to help the duty-holders determine what to do in accordance with local circumstances. GovernmentÕs formal relationship is with the duty-holders, the Category 1 and 2 responders, who have the principal responsibility for delivery. 2.95. The LRF is also not an entity which represents its local responder members in a legal sense. In this respect, the LRF cannot ÒdeliverÓ its members. However, the duty-holders can agree to bind the LRF to a certain course of action if they wish. 2.53. 2.96. As suggested above7,1 the aim of delivering a more robust LRF which can act more decisively can be achieved through agreement on governance arrangements which can be supported by a protocol between all the Category 1 and 2 partners. It can also be assisted by agreements for joint discharge of functions between key responders. Leadership and management 2.97. There are several aspects of leading the LRF and ensuring that it works well, such as chairing the forum, the role of the secretary, the development of governance arrangements and sound business management practice and the possible appointment of an LRF manager. 2.98. Traditionally in many areas, the role of chair has fallen to the police. The matching of the LRF boundary to the police boundaries reflects the policeÕs key co-ordinating role in many types of emergency. Generally, it makes them well placed to co-ordinate the multi-agency partnership of responder organisations, many of which are likely to operate within only part of Ð or, alternatively, over a wider geographical area than Ð the local resilience area. Even so, the choice of chair remains a matter for local determination. 2.99. Various factors should determine the choice. The chair should be able to: o take on the job on a long term basis; o speak with authority about the forum area; o speak with authority about strategic civil protection issues; and o commit sufficient time to prepare for forum meetings. 71 See paragraph 2.24 2.100. The chair may also represent the LRF at meetings with other tiers,