(6) An elected local policing body must arrange for each annual report to be published. (7) It is for the elected local policing body to determine the manner in which an annual report is to be published. 13 Information for police and crime panels (1) An elected local policing body must provide the relevant police and crime panel with any information which the panel may reasonably require in order to carry out its functions. (2) But subsection (1) does not require the elected local policing body to provide information if disclosure of the informationÑ (a) would, in the view of the chief officer of police, be against the interests of national security, (a) 16 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) might, in the view of the chief officer of police, jeopardise the safety of any person, (c) might, in the view of the chief officer of police, prejudice the prevention or detection of crime, the apprehension or prosecution of offenders, or the administration of justice, or (d) is prohibited by or under any enactment. (3) An elected local policing body may provide the relevant police and crime panel with any other information which the body thinks appropriate. 14 Arrangements for obtaining the views of the community on policing (1) Section 96 of the Police Act 1996 (arrangements for obtaining the views of the community on policing) is amended in accordance with this section. (2) In subsection (1), after paragraph (b) insert Ò; and for obtaining the views of victims of crime in that area about matters concerning the policing of the area.Ó. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) Those arrangements must include, in the case ofÑ (a) a police area listed in Schedule 1, or (b) the metropolitan police district, arrangements for obtaining, before a police and crime plan is issued under section 5 or 6 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011, the views of the people in that police area, and the views of the victims of crime in that area, on that plan. (1B) Those arrangements must include, in the case of a police area listed in Schedule 1, arrangements for obtaining, before the first precept for a financial year is issued by the police and crime commissioner under section 40 of the Local Government Finance Act 1992, the views ofÑ (a) the people in that police area, and (b) the relevant ratepayers' representatives, on the proposals of the police and crime commissioner for expenditure (including capital expenditure) in that financial year. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 17 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc