each youth custody authority for the area. (5) A strategy under this section for a relevant area may specify actions to be carried out byÑ (a) an educational authority for the area, (b) a prison authority for the area, or (c) a youth custody authority for the area. See section 15 for further provision about the duties of such authorities in relation to such actions. (6) In preparing a strategy under this section for a relevant area, the specified authorities for the area may invite participation fromÑ (a) in the case of a strategy for a relevant area in England, an eligible person for the time being prescribed by order of the Secretary of State under section 5(3) of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998; (b) in the case of a strategy for a relevant area in Wales, an eligible person for the time being prescribed by order of the Welsh Ministers under section 5(3) of that Act; (c) in the case of a strategy for a relevant area partly in England and partly in Wales, an eligible person for the time being prescribed by order of the Secretary of State or the Welsh Ministers under section 5(3) of that Act. (7) For the purposes of subsection (6), an eligible person isÑ (a) where a person is prescribed in terms of a description which includes a connection to a local government area, a person of that description with such a connection to a local government area all or part of which coincides with or falls within the relevant area, or (b) a person prescribed in terms that do not refer to a connection with a local government area. In this subsection Òlocal government areaÓ has the same meaning as in section 5 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (see subsection (4) of that section). (8) Once a strategy has been prepared under this section for a relevant area, the specified authorities for the areaÑ (a) must publish the strategy, (b) may keep the strategy under review, and (c) may from time to time prepare and implement a revised strategy. (9) A strategy under this section must not include any material that the specified authorities considerÑ (a) might jeopardise the safety of any person, (b) might prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the investigation or prosecution of an offence, or (c) might compromise the security of, or good order or discipline within, an institution of a kind mentioned in the first column of a table in Schedule 2. (10) The Secretary of State may by regulations make further provision for or in connection with the publication and dissemination of a strategy under this section. (1) 16 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up