and welfare of the witness the language skills of the witness (interpreters should be used in accordance with local guidelines) whether a witness intermediary is required through the witness intermediary scheme how to prevent further offences from occurring, such as witness intimidation See also victimÕs Rights under the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime. Third-party support may be beneficial to some witnesses, provided that the support is unconnected with the investigation. For additional advice when interviewing vulnerable witnesses with communication needs see Advocates Gateway toolkits. Witness intermediary scheme All witnesses considered to be vulnerable can obtain help from an intermediary. An intermediary can be appointed at any stage (but should be appointed as early as possible before the interview) if it becomes apparent that there is a communication issue, and appointing one will make the difference between a vulnerable witness giving their best evidence, or not communicating at all. An intermediary is likely to improve the quality of the witnessÕs evidence, and should be considered if the witness appears unlikely to be able to recognise a problematic question or, even if able to do so, may be reluctant to say so to a questioner in a position of authority. Intermediaries can provide advice to investigators to help achieve more productive interviews, including: how a witness communicates their level of understanding how it would be best to question them to get the best evidence types of questions to avoid how long the witness will need to answer a question They are impartial, and can help a witness to understand the questions they are asked and can communicate the witnessÕs responses, if required. The scheme provides access to registered intermediaries. It offers: access to the national vulnerable witness and intermediary adviser a matching service to find the best intermediary for a witness It can be accessed via the NCA Major Crime Investigative Support. For further information see: Lexicon Limited (2014) Making the Most of Working with an Intermediary: Toolkit 9, November 2014 Code of Practice for Victims of Crime, Right 4 CPS (2020) Special measures Witness intimidation Ministry of Justice (2011) Vulnerable and Intimidated Witnesses A Police Service Guide considers witness intimidation and the potential responses to it. Early identification of actual or potential intimidation means that witnesses can be offered a service tailored to their requirements, making it more likely that they will give evidence in court. Victims are also eligible for enhanced rights under the Code, where the service provider considers that the quality of evidence will be affected because of fear or distress about testifying in court. The table below lists a number of situations and potential actions to consider. 1. Life threatening intimidation 2. Non-life threatening intimidation Formal witness protection scheme, application for special measures in court Ð for example, screens and live television link. National witness mobility scheme, application for special measures in court. 3a. Low level intimidation Witness security and support, application for special measures in court. or harassment 3b. Fear of low level intimidation