month rolling period and this leave can also be taken in either day or week blocks. 6.5 Postponement of Parental Leave Parental leave requests immediately after the birth or adoption of a child will be approved where the correct notice has been given. With the exception of leave requests immediately after the birth or adoption of a child, the organisation can postpone parental leave requests for up to six months if it is felt that the leave may disrupt the business. Reasonable grounds could include: The period that you apply for is at a seasonal or operational peak in demand if a significant proportion of the workforce has applied for leave or would be absent at the same time if your role is such that your absence at a particular time would unduly harm the organisationÕs ability to provide an effective 24/7 service to the public. In such a case, the organisation will allow you to take an equivalent period of ordinary parental leave beginning no later than six months after the commencement of the period originally requested. The organisation will give notice in writing of the postponement stating the reason for it and specifying suggested dates for you to take parental leave. Such notice will be given no more than seven days after your notice was given to the organisation. SECTION 7 SHARED PARENTAL LEAVE (SPL) 7.1 Introduction to Shared Parental Leave (SPL) Shared parental leave enables mothers to commit to ending their maternity leave and pay at a future date, and to share the untaken balance of leave and pay as shared parental leave and pay with their partner, or to return to work early from maternity leave and opt in to shared parental leave and pay at a later date. (The organisation provides a separate policy on shared parental leave for individuals who are adopting or are intended parents in a surrogacy arrangement Ð see section 36). The policy applies to police officers, police staff, including staff of the Offices of the Police & Crime Commissioner (OPCC) but does not cover contractors, casual workers, and members of the special constabulary, police staff volunteers or workers employed by an agency. This policy applies to same sex couples, married and unmarried couples, civil partners and single parents. The aim of this policy is: a. To provide staff and officers with the full procedure and details in relation to shared parental leave provisions in Wiltshire Police. b. To ensure that both staff and officers are aware of and have access to information on all rights associated with shared parental leave. c. Wiltshire Police recognise that you may have questions or concerns relating to your shared parental leave rights. It is the organisation's policy to encourage open discussion with you to ensure that questions and problems can be resolved as quickly as possible. As the shared parental leave provisions are complex, if you wish to take shared parental leave, you can seek advice and guidance from: People Services, the HR advisory