than 12 months following a review that identifies a continuing policing purpose for those items of data under provisions of MoPI. These records will be retained and managed in accordance with those provisions. This will be managed by the ANPR Specialist or the Decision Makers of the Records Management Department, dependant on the Line of Business Application (for example Niche RMS) in which the data is processed. 3. Use. Disclosure and Evidential Use of Data. Data held within or obtained from the NAC may not be used or disclosed for any purposes except those as authorised within NASPLE. Disclosure schedules. Where ANPR data obtained is retained as material within the meaning of the CPIA in preparation of disclosure schedules, information relating to ANPR methodology, tactics and camera locations will be recorded on the Schedule of Sensitive Material and may be disclosed to prosecution authorities. Restrictions on personnel in disclosure of ANPR and in production of evidential materials. Statements of evidence in respect of data within the NAC may only be provided by the ANPR Specialist or ANPR Data Officer as they are the only staff authorised within Wiltshire Police and have current access permissions within NAC for that purpose. Authorised staff may provide a statement of evidence for any data held within the NAC except for the locations of static ANPR cameras (as detailed in the Provisions to safeguard location of ANPR infrastructure below). Provisions to safeguard the location of ANPR infrastructure. To safeguard the national ANPR infrastructure, apart from data obtained from a Mobile ANPR system, the precise location for an ANPR read obtained from a camera will not be disclosed during an investigation nor included in evidence. The ANPR Specialist or ANPR Data Officer (who have responsibility for the camera that recorded this data) must be consulted and provide written consent for that disclosure or evidence to be provided. This includes the production of a map or other document that discloses the precise location of the camera. Evidential Use of Data. Evidence of an ANPR read will only be included where it is of specific relevance to an investigation and is of material value to any judicial proceedings. Information to be included in evidential disclosure. The location of a read will be described in the following decreasing order of preference: 1. The general area of the location (e.g. Town, District, Metropolitan Borough) 2. The postcode (following consultation with the controller of Wiltshire Police who has responsibility for the camera that recorded the data, in circumstances where this will identify the precise location of the camera) 3. The name of the road (following consultation with the controller of Wiltshire Police who has responsibility for the camera that recorded the data, in circumstances where this will identify the precise location of the camera) 4. The precise location (following consultation with the ANPR Specialist or ANPR Data Officer who has responsibility for the camera that recorded the data) Disclosure of ANPR data for non-evidential purposes. Unless permitted within section 10.7 of