appointing the commissioner's chief executive or the commissioner's chief finance officer. (3) A police and crime commissioner may appoint such other staff as the commissioner thinks appropriate to enable the commissioner to exercise the functions of commissioner. (4) Section 113 of the Local Government Finance Act 1988 applies to the chief finance officer of a police and crime commissioner as it applies to the persons having responsibility for the administration of financial affairs mentioned in that section. 7 (1) A police and crime commissioner must appoint a person to act as chief executive, or a chief finance officer, if and for as long asÑ (a) that post is vacant, or (b) the holder of that post is, in the commissioner's opinion, unable to carry out the duties of that post. (2) A person may not be appointed under sub-paragraph (1) to act as chief finance officer unless the person is qualified to be appointed to the post under paragraph 6. (3) A reference in any enactment to the chief executive, or chief finance officer, of a police and crime commissioner includes a reference to a person acting as chief executive, or chief finance officer, in accordance with sub-paragraph (1). (2) 154 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) The deputy police and crime commissioner 8 (1) This paragraph applies to a person appointed under section 18 by a police and crime commissioner to be the deputy police and crime commissioner. (2) None of the following may be appointed as the deputy police and crime commissionerÑ (a) a person who has not attained the age of 18 on the day of the appointment; (b) a person who is subject to a relevant disqualification; (c) a Member of the House of Commons; (d) a member of the European Parliament; (e) a member of the National Assembly for Wales; (f) a member of the Scottish Parliament; (g) a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly. [F196(3) The terms and conditions of a person appointed as the deputy police and crime commissioner must ensure that the term of office ends no later than the sixth day after the day of the poll at the next ordinary election of police and crime commissioners (that is, the day on which the term of office of the appointing police and crime commissioner would, if there were no vacancy in the office before then, end in accordance with section 50(7)(b)). (3A) The terms and conditions must also provide for the deputy police and crime commissionerÕs appointment to end when, following an election held under section 51 to fill a vacancy in the office of the appointing police and crime commissioner, the person elected makes and delivers a declaration of acceptance of