to be resumed either at a different place or on a different day the person conducting the interview should serve another notice under the disclosure order on the interviewee requiring them to attend at that place on that day. The interviewerÕs obligations at the interview 199. At the beginning of the interview and immediately following any break, the person conducting the interview should then caution the interviewee as follows: ÔYou are required by law to answer all the questions I put to you unless you have a reasonable excuse for not doing so. If you fail, without reasonable excuse, to answer a question or if you knowingly or recklessly make a statement which is false you will be committing an offence for which you may be prosecuted. Do you understand?Õ The person conducting the interview must also inform the interviewee that this is not a criminal caution and any responses will not be used to incriminate the interviewee. 200. The person conducting the interview should, if asked to do so, produce evidence of their authority to require the interviewee to answer questions under the disclosure order. 201. The person conducting the interview may ask such further questions as appear to them to be necessary to ascertain the entitlement of any person to be present. 202. The person conducting the interview should ask the interviewee whether they suffer from any condition which may impair their ability to understand what is taking place or if they are due to take any medication before the time at which the appropriate officer estimates that the interview will end. The interviewee should be free to take medication during a routine break in the interview. When a break is to be taken during the interview, the fact that a break is to be taken, the reason for it and the time should be recorded. 203. The person conducting the interview should remember that it may be necessary to show to the court that nothing occurred during a break or between interviews which influenced the personÕs recorded evidence. After a break or at the beginning of a subsequent interview, the person conducting the interview should consider summarising the reason for the break and that nothing happened and confirming this with the person. 204. The person conducting the interview should pursue all reasonable lines of enquiry, whether these assist or undermine the investigation. What is reasonable will depend on the particular circumstances. The person conducting the interview should keep this in mind when deciding what questions to ask in an interview. 205. The person conducting the interview should offer the interviewee the opportunity to ask any questions to clarify the purpose, structure and conduct of the interview. 206. The person conducting the interview should not try to obtain answers or elicit a statement by the use of oppression. 187. 207. Before concluding the interview, the person conducting the interview should ask the interviewee if they have any complaint to make about anything which has taken place at the