applies if the person for whom the 51 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law firearm is being carried, or the lender or servant in whose presence the borrowed firearm is being used, is aged eighteen or over. Section 11(2) states that the race starting exemption is only available to persons aged eighteen or over. Authorised lending and possession of firearms for hunting etc 7.6 Chapter 6 explains that section 11A of the 1968 Act allows a non-certificate holder (Ôthe borrowerÕ) to borrow and possess a rifle or a shot gun from another person (Ôthe lenderÕ) on private premises for either hunting animals or shooting game or vermin, and/or for shooting at artificial targets, but only if they meet a number of conditions: i. in the case of a rifle, the borrower is aged 17 or over; ii. the lender is aged 18 or over and holds a certificate for the borrowed firearm; and, iii. the lender either has the legal right to allow others to enter the premises for hunting animals or shooting game or vermin; or, iv. has written authorisation from such a person to lend the rifle or shot gun on the premises. 7.7 When lending a rifle or shot gun, the borrowerÕs possession and use of the rifle or shot gun must comply with the conditions placed on the lenderÕs certificate. 7.8 The lender must be present during the period during which the rifle or shot gun is borrowed. Alternatively, the borrower must be in the presence of another person who is aged 18 or over as described under either subsection 11A(5)(a) or (b) of the 1968 Act, provided that they hold a certificate in respect of the borrowed rifle or shot gun. The term Òin the presence ofÓ is not defined in law but is generally interpreted as being within sight or earshot. 7.9 Subsection 11A(6) further provides for the lawful purchase or acquisition and possession of ammunition by the borrower of a rifle on the same premises if: • The ammunition is for use with the same firearm; • The ammunition purchased or acquired by the borrower does not exceed the quantity of ammunition that the lender is authorised to possess at the time; and • The borrowerÕs possession and use of the ammunition complies with the conditions placed on the lenderÕs certificate. 7.10 Section 11(6) of the 1968 Act allows an individual, without holding a shotgun certificate, to use a shotgun at a time and place approved for shooting at artificial targets (i.e. a temporary clay pigeon shoot) by the chief officer of police for the area in which that place is situated. There is no requirement for organisers of such events to become registered firearms dealers. As the approval of such time and place is prescribed by law, chief officers may wish not only to satisfy themselves that such events are properly conducted and supervised, but also to establish that there are no public safety issues involved. When an exemption is granted, the chief