or designated to investigate the DSI matter, and the other provisions of Schedule 3 apply in relation to that matter accordingly (subject to regulations under sub-paragraph (5)). The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision modifying Schedule 3 in relation to an investigation that, in accordance with sub-paragraph (3), is recorded under paragraph 14A of that Schedule as a DSI matter but only for the purpose of making provision for the protection of the anonymity of whistle-blowers. In this paragraph, references to the appropriate authority in relation to a DSI matter have the same meaning as in Part 2 (see section 29). Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3A – Whistle-blowing investigations: procedure Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 253 Conclusion of investigation (1) When an investigation under section 29D(1) is concluded, the person in charge of the investigation must submit a report on it to the [F973Director General]. [ Sub-paragraph (1) does not apply where the person in charge of the investigation F983(1A) is the Director General acting personally, but the Director General must complete a report on the investigation.] The [F973Director General]— must send a copy of [F984a report submitted under sub-paragraph (1) or completed under sub-paragraph (1A)] to the whistle-blower, and may, with the consent of the whistle-blower, send a copy of the report to the appropriate authority. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for circumstances in which the duty under sub-paragraph (2)(a) does not apply. The power conferred by sub-paragraph (3) may be exercised only to the extent that the Secretary of State considers necessary for any of the permitted non-disclosure purposes. The Secretary of State may also by regulations make provision for circumstances in which (despite sub-paragraph (2)(b)) a copy of the report may be sent to the appropriate authority without the consent of the whistle-blower. The power conferred by sub-paragraph (5) may be exercised only to the extent that the Secretary of State considers necessary for any of the permitted disclosure purposes. Where the [F973Director General] would contravene section 21A by sending a copy of a report in its entirety to the whistle-blower or to the appropriate authority, the [F973Director General] may comply with its duty under sub-paragraph (2)(a) or (as the case may be) may exercise its power under sub-paragraph (2)(b) (or under regulations under sub-paragraph (5)) by sending instead a copy of the report after having removed or obscured the information which it is prohibited from disclosing by section 21A. In this paragraph— “the permitted non-disclosure purposes” has the same meaning as in section 29I; 254 Police Reform