Northern Ireland. The Association of Chief Police Officers of England, Wales and Northern Ireland shall pay to the Minister for the Civil Service, at such times as he may direct, such sums as he may determine in respect of any increase attributable to this section in the sums payable under the 1972 Act out of money provided by Parliament. Minor and consequential amendments Amendments relating to NCIS and NCS Schedule 6 to this Act (which makes minor and consequential amendments relating to this Part) shall have effect. In relation to any time before the coming into force of section 2(3) of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 2000 (c. 32), the reference to the Northern Ireland Policing Board in Schedule 2A to the 1997 Act (inserted by Schedule 6 to this Act) shall be construed as a reference to the Police Authority for Northern Ireland. 98 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 6 – Miscellaneous and supplemental Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Part 6 Miscellaneous and supplemental Remands and committals Requirement to give reasons for granting or continuing bail After section 5(2) of the Bail Act 1976 (c. 63) (supplementary provisions about decisions on bail) there shall be inserted— “(2A) Where a magistrates’ court or the Crown Court grants bail in criminal proceedings to a person to whom section 4 of this Act applies after hearing representations from the prosecutor in favour of withholding bail, then the court shall give reasons for granting bail. (2B) A court which is by virtue of subsection (2A) above required to give reasons for its decision shall include a note of those reasons in the record of its decision and, if requested to do so by the prosecutor, shall cause the prosecutor to be given a copy of the record of the decision as soon as practicable after the record is made.” After section 5A(1) of that Act (supplementary provisions in cases of police bail) there shall be inserted— “(1A) Subsections (2A) and (2B) shall be omitted.” After section 5B(8) of that Act (reconsideration of decisions granting bail) there shall be inserted— “(8A) Where the court, on a reconsideration under this section, refuses to withhold bail from a relevant person after hearing representations from the prosecutor in favour of withholding bail, then the court shall give reasons for refusing to withhold bail. (8B) In subsection (8A) above, “relevant person” means a person to whom section 4(1) (and Schedule 1) of this Act is applicable in accordance with subsection (4) above. (8C) A court which is by virtue of subsection (8A) above