if it meets any of the following criteria. It should be borne in mind that historic can include more recent history; i. A firearm owned by a famous historical figure would probably be counted as historically important in itself. Famous figures would include senior military officers, members of royal families, famous statesmen and leaders, or famous sporting figures, or soldiers or civilians decorated for service in which the firearm was carried. Any provenance would have to be clearly established and supported; 71 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ii. Guns owned by lesser-known figures would not generally benefit from this exemption, unless they had a significant campaign history. The police may not wish to grant a certificate in respect of a firearm held by a family member simply because it is an heirloom, unless it is a Òtrophy of warÓ carried or acquired on active service. An exemption to this would be if the original or later owner was involved in events of historic importance, for example a battle or campaign, and if there is evidence of the involvement of the owner and their firearm; iii. If a firearm is from a historic era and location rarely found in British collections, then the police may wish to consider whether the gun is of historic importance as well as particular rarity; iv. If the police are satisfied that a gun forms part of a genuine and established collection, then they may wish to consider whether a firearm is of historical importance as an integral part of that collection see paragraph 9.18-9.22, bearing in mind that an established collector may have more than one theme to their collection; v. Guns which would be exempt ÒantiquesÓ under the terms of section 58(2) of the 1968 Act but for their being fired are likely to be of Òhistoric interestÓ for these purposes but not necessarily so; vi. In most cases guns made before 1919 may be considered of Òhistoric importanceÓ in themselves due to their age and rarity; vii. Conversely, guns manufactured after the Second World War may be less likely to be held to be of historic interest in themselves, in as far as they are more likely to have survived in numbers although numbers surviving were reduced following the handgun ban in the 1997 Act. Nevertheless, as with (vi), there may be special cases which will need to be assessed individually on their merits, as the firearm may be of historic interest to collectors and deserve preservation in its own right. For example, this might include more recent weapons used in Afghanistan or Iraq. Aesthetic quality 9.26 This may be taken to mean firearms that differ significantly from factory standard in a way intended to enhance their appearance. This will normally involve substantial enhancement or decoration and at least a fair standard of craftsmanship. An elegant but essentially functional design such as the Colt .45 ÒSingle Action ArmyÓ would not generally fall within this heading unless it has had factory or after sales