This means the duty of care under Section 34(1) of the Environmental Protection Act applies instead and this FPN cannot be used. 3.5 Investigating the fly-tipper You should give consideration to whether the evidence provided by an individual investigated for breach of the household waste duty of care enables investigation or prosecution of the fly-tipper, and whether enforcement against that individual would have a positive or negative impact on that investigation or prosecution. 3.6 Opting for prosecution FPNs should not be given where prosecution through the courts is more appropriate, for example the deliberate transfer of waste to an unauthorised person in the knowledge that it would be fly-tipped, or when someone is a persistent o?ender with a record of not paying fixed penalties for environmental o?ences. 4. How to issue fixed penalties The fixed penalty notice can be given as an o?er for an individual to discharge any liability to conviction for failing to meet their household waste duty of care. Instead of proceeding to prosecute, you may first o?er the opportunity to pay the fixed penalty. 4.1 Opportunity to demonstrate duty of care An individualÕs household waste can still end up fly-tipped or in the possession of an unauthorised carrier, even if they meet their duty of care. As such before you decide to enforce, either directly through prosecution or by first giving a fixed penalty notice, the case should be investigated. This should include giving the individual an opportunity to demonstrate whether or not they met their duty of care. This could include, but is not limited to: details of the business and of any vehicle used which can be linked to an authorised operator a record of the checks made including the operators registration, permit or exemption number a receipt for the transaction which includes the business details of a registered operator a copy or photograph of the carrierÕs waste license or siteÕs permit However, it should be emphasised that there is no duty on an individual to keep a waste transfer note or any other written records when transferring their household waste. The absence of written records does not prevent an individual from making the case that they met their duty of care. When giving the individual the opportunity to demonstrate they met their duty of care, you should inform them: of the evidence gathered, e.g. if their waste has been found fly-tipped that they may face prosecution, and why whether a fixed penalty notice would be given to discharge liability for the o?ence If an individual makes a convincing case that they complied with their duty of care you cannot give an FPN (or prosecute). 4.2 Issuing the fixed penalty notice When issuing an FPN, the notice must name the individual and tell them: why they have been given a fixed penalty, i.e. the circumstances alleged to constitute the o?ence that the FPN o?ers an option to discharge liability for a criminal o?ence without prosecution, but they may choose not to pay it how