is to impose a substantial and unreasonable restriction on the reporting of the proceedings and it is in the public interest to remove the restriction. 3.2.2 Breach of the Restrictions Contravention of the prohibition on publication is an offence. It will not be necessary for the prosecution to show that the defendant intended to identify the victim. In relation to newspapers or other periodicals (whether in print form or online editions) and radio and television programmes, the offence is directed at proprietors, editors, publishers or broadcasters rather than individual journalists. Any prosecution for the offence requires the consent of the Attorney General or the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland as the case may be. 3.2.3 Defences There are two defences: • the first is where the defendant had no knowledge (and no reason to suspect) that the publication included the relevant content or that a relevant allegation had been made; and • the second is where the victim (where aged 16 or over) had freely given written consent to the publication. These defences impose a reverse burden on the defendant, that is, it is for the defendant to prove that the defence is made out on a balance of probabilities, rather than imposing a requirement on the prosecution to show, beyond reasonable doubt, that the defence does not apply. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 21 3.3. FGM Protection Orders (FGMPO) An FGMPO is a civil order which may be made for the purposes of protecting a girl31 against the commission of an FGM offence Ð that is, protecting a girl at risk of FGM - or protecting a girl against whom an FGM offence has been committed. In deciding whether to make an order a court must have regard to all the circumstances of a case including the need to secure the health, safety and well-being of the potential or actual victim. The court can make an order which prohibits, requires, restricts or includes any other such other terms as it considers appropriate to stop or change the behaviour or conduct of those who would seek to subject a girl to FGM or have already arranged for, or committed, FGM. Examples of the types of orders the court might make are: • to protect a victim or potential victim at risk of FGM from being taken abroad; • to order the surrender of passports or any other travel documents, including the passport/travel documentation of the girl to be protected; • to prohibit specified persons (ÔrespondentsÕ) from entering into any arrangements in the UK or overseas for FGM to be performed on the person to be protected; • to include terms which relate to the conduct of the individuals named in the order both inside and outside of England and Wales; and • to include terms which cover individuals who are, or may become involved in other respects (or instead of the original respondents) and who may commit or attempt to commit FGM against a girl.