the order of a court or tribunal, or (c) expected to attend for the purposes of education or training or for the purposes of receiving medical treatment, at a time when the person is required or expected (as the case may be) to attend there. (4) A constable may not give a direction to a person under section 35 if the person is one of a group of persons who areÑ (a) engaged in conduct that is lawful under section 220 of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (peaceful picketing), or (b) taking part in a public procession of the kind mentioned in subsection (1) of section 11 of the Public Order Act 1986 in respect of whichÑ (i) written notice has been given in accordance with that section, or (ii) written notice is not required to be given as provided by subsections (1) and (2) of that section. (5) In deciding whether to give a direction under section 35 a constable must have particular regard to the rights of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly set out in articles 10 and 11 of the Convention. ÒConventionÓ has the meaning given by section 21(1) of the Human Rights Act 1998. 37 Surrender of property (1) A constable who gives a person a direction under section 35 may also direct the person to surrender to the constable any item in the person's possession or control that the constable reasonably believes has been used or is likely to be used in behaviour that harasses, alarms or distresses members of the public. (2) A direction under this section must be given in writing, unless that is not reasonably practicable. (1) 20 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3 Ð Dispersal powers Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) A constable who gives a person a direction under this section must (unless it is not reasonably practicable)Ñ (a) tell the person that failing without reasonable excuse to comply with the direction is an offence, and (b) give the person information in writing about when and how the person may recover the surrendered item. (4) The surrendered item must not be returned to the person before the end of the exclusion period. (5) If after the end of that period the person asks for the item to be returned, it must be returned (unless there is power to retain it under another enactment). (6) But if it appears to a constable that the person is under the age of 16 and is not accompanied by