determining the appropriate judge. A person is affected by an extradition claim if— a Part 1 warrant is issued in respect of the person; the person is arrested under section 5; a request for the person's extradition is made; or a warrant under section 73 is issued in respect of the person. References to being in custody include— in England and Wales, references to being in police detention within the meaning of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984; in Northern Ireland, references to being in police detention within the meaning of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989; in Scotland, references to detention under section 14 of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995. “Live link” means an arrangement by which a person, while absent from the place where the hearing is being held, is able— to see and hear the appropriate judge, and other persons, to be seen and heard by the judge, other persons, and for this purpose any impairment of eyesight or hearing is to be disregarded.” 108 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 7 – Aviation security Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Part 7 Aviation security Security planning for airports After Part 2 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 (c. 36) insert— “Part 2A Security planning for aerodromes Aerodromes to which Part 2A applies 24AA Aerodromes to which Part 2A applies This Part applies to— any aerodrome in respect of which a direction under section 12, 13 or 14 to the manager of the aerodrome is in force, and any other aerodrome specified in an order made by the Secretary of State. Any reference in the following provisions of this Part to an aerodrome is a reference to an aerodrome to which this Part applies. The power to make an order under this section is exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. Risk assessment at aerodromes 24AB Risk advisory groups The manager of an aerodrome must establish a group (“a risk advisory group”) for the aerodrome. The group is to consist of— an individual nominated by the manager, the chief officer of police for the relevant police area or an individual nominated by the chief officer, and the individuals (if any) nominated under subsections (3) to (6). The manager of the aerodrome may at any time nominate one or more individuals to be members of the group (in addition to the individual nominated under subsection (2)(a)). The chief officer of police may at any time nominate one individual to be a