other organisations. These requests can cause an enormous amount of stress for the families. To some extent, the police may be able to resolve this with other agencies. The police can, however, minimise the duplication of requests from other agencies to families by channelling them through the FLO. Family liaison coordinator The SIM should consider appointing a family liaison coordinator (FLC) if the scale and the nature of the incident requires the deployment of multiple family liaison advisors (FLAs) and FLOs. In a major incident or mass fatality, the deployment of an experienced FLC should be considered. They can support the SIM and lead on family liaison deployment. The lead FLC should establish how many FLAs and FLOs need to be deployed to the incident. See family liaison coordinator suggested initial actions. Family liaison adviser Depending on the nature of the incident, it may be necessary to deploy FLAs to support the FLC. The scale and nature of the incident will dictate the amount and locations of FLAs. FLAs will be responsible for deploying and tasking FLOs and will report to a SIM, SIO, FLC or lead FLA. Family liaison officer The FLO helps the SIM and SIO achieve the identification and investigation strategies. This is different to a crisis support worker, who provides emotional and practical support to the family or friends. Ante-mortem trained FLOs should be used when available, as they have additional expertise in ante-mortem collection in a major/mass fatality incident. Responsibilities The FLO is responsible for: obtaining ante-mortem material as applicable working with the family to comply with their right to receive all relevant information connected to the enquiry explaining DVI procedures to the family obtaining ante-mortem evidence as per the FLO strategy (including fingerprints, medical and dental consent, and photographs of the missing person) completing the ante-mortem form as a matter of urgency completing a victimology statement completing a death notification to HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal and any identification statement taken providing the family with the Explaining Disaster Victim Identification in Major Incidents document informing families of the INTERPOL website if the incident is declared a criminal investigation, discussing with family/friends referral to the Victim Support Homicide Service and/or direct eyewitnesses referral if relevant, informing the family about the National Emergencies Trust establishing that referrals are made to support services returning personal property of the deceased in accordance with the wishes of the bereaved and SIM supporting the family in their contact with the media facilitating family visits to the scene or family viewing area as appropriate (when safe to do so) acting as the initial link between the family and the SIM maintaining a written log of all contact with the families and their representatives facilitating contact with other statutory and voluntary agencies Scene evidence recovery manager DVI managers and personnel should have completed the College of Policing approved DVI courses relevant to their role. The scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) is a police manager who is responsible for the retrieval of deceased