lessons learned from BCM incidents. Events and seminars The MBCF has hosted a variety of events, including a large launch event, which helped shape the direction of the ForumÕs activities based on direct feedback. Most of the events are aimed at any member of the Forum; however ÔKeep Calm and Carry OnÕ was aimed at people from Third Sector organisations specifically, designed to give an introduction to business continuity management. There are plans to hold the event as an annual initiative. In addition to the large scale events, there have been a number of smaller breakfast seminars, focusing on topical issues such as Pandemic Flu preparedness and Counter Terrorism issues. MBCF publishing The MBCF has created on-line support, which includes signposting to existing good practice for BCM as well as creating templates and other Ôhow-toÕ guides. City wide exercise In late summer 2010, the MBCF ran the cityÕs first public-private collaborative exercise, which aimed to exemplify best practice in collaborative exercising. Several businesses participated with representation from emergency services, the council and Manchester University. The participants explored how their various business groups would react individually, collectively and in partnership. This was one of the first such exercising initiatives in the UK. The objective was to see how the main parties would react to an incident. The exercise was not an emergency services exercise but rather a simultaneous exercise for a large number of major employers and significant companies within the Manchester City Centre area. It ensured that all partiesÕ responses and plans were exercised as they would be in reality. ÒWe needed to overcome the common attitude that insurance companies would take care of any disasters,Ó said Ingrid. ÒWhat businesses often didnÕt consider was, if their business had to temporarily close due to a disaster, would they find an alternative supplier, would they lose customers, and would they lose staff? These are the themes that the new training aims to develop.Ó Such issues are particularly important in the Shetland Islands, which has seen more than its share of commercially damaging incidents in recent years, from storms to maritime disasters. Working closely with the consultants, the Council recognised the vulnerability of the islands to natural and man-made catastrophes, and was keen to make this factor a key component of the online campaign. The course uses a series of tailor-made online video and audio presentations to help business owners understand the practical relevance of BC to their businesses and to their local environment. As the presentations are online, users can view them at their own pace, and then complete a workbook and a series of contingency checklists to help them develop their own BC plan. The course begins with a ÔnewsreaderÕ highlighting some of the perils of island life and of coastal climates. The checklists use specific examples of local industries. For instance, the section covering asset protection cites creel boats and lobster pots as key assets to protect. And the islandÕs unique logistical challenges are also explored, addressing the potential absence