young people should be interviewed under the relevant procedure/guidelines (e.g. ÔAchieving Best EvidenceÕ59) to obtain the best possible evidence for use in any prosecution. Consent should be obtained to record the interview and for allowing the use of the interview in family and/or criminal courts. In addition, information gained from the 58 www.cps.gov.uk/publications/prosecution/therapychild.html 59 www.cps.gov.uk/sites/default/files/documents/legal_guidance/best_evidence_in_criminal_proceedings.pdf Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 59 Police: Additional Considerations interview process will enable a risk assessment to be conducted as to the risk to any other children or siblings. See Annex C for more information on talking about FGM with those affected. Medical examinations Corroborative evidence should be sought through a medical examination conducted by a qualified medical professional trained in identifying the different types of FGM. In all cases involving children, an experienced paediatrician should be involved in setting up the medical examination. This is to ensure that a holistic assessment which explores any other medical, support and safeguarding needs of the girl or young woman is offered and that appropriate referrals are made as necessary. Steps when an adult has had FGM If any police officer or police staff is made aware that an adult woman has undergone FGM, a multi-agency disciplinary approach must be taken to consider the risks to the woman. This should consider any potential risk to any girls within the family (and extended family) and consider initial and core assessments of those girls. Consideration should also be given to providing supportive services for the woman, including counselling and medical assistance and signposting the FGM survivor to specialist non-governmental organisation support networks. The investigative strategy should consider obtaining evidence or intelligence identifying the excisors (people who carry out FGM for payment or otherwise) and investigating these individuals with a view to identifying further victims and closing down such networks. Investigating officers must consult early with the CPS in all FGM cases - as per the police/CPS protocol so the most effective investigation and prosecution opportunities are identified. Further advice on progressing an investigation can be found online on the Authorised Professional Practice (APP) website (www.app.college.police.uk). 60 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation School, Colleges and Universities: Additional Considerations D.2.11 School, Colleges and Universities: Additional Considerations The statutory duties on schools and colleges are set out in ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ60(for England) and ÔKeeping Children Safe in EducationÕ61 or ÔKeeping Learners SafeÕ62 in Wales. These apply to FGM as to any other form of abuse. See Annex B for advice on how to identify girls who may have undergone FGM or may be at risk. Section D.2 provides guidance for all professionals on the considerations and actions around safeguarding of women and girls who are at risk of or who have undergone FGM. As well as following relevant statutory guidance, schools, colleges and universities may also find it useful to: • Raise awareness of FGM among staff and pupils/students by o displaying relevant materials; o providing staff training; o making materials such as books or