current-day regulations on request portals, unassuming mailing service coordinators at harm reduction agencies are prone to abuse. There currently are no preventative measures against the very likely possibility of similarly funded agencies depleting supplies through another agency’s community distributor portal. Policy Idea NJ’s DOH should impose distribution audits for all state- registered harm reduction agencies to address the lack of accountability for misallocated funds that drive programs to deplete similarly funded harm reduction agencies for supplies under the guise of a community distributor. Distribution audits would aim to report information about their resource procurement, distribution, and finances to the NJ DOH. In this manner, the tracking would lead to the reprimanding of agencies procuring resources through other organizations’ community distributor allocations. The internal auditing system will work to impede excessive burden on providing organizations and straighten expectations for those responsible for the abuse. Should organizers who are provided the same funding under the designation of harm reduction agencies by the DOH wish to place requests to other agencies for harm reduction supplies, it should be a disqualification of their grant of $350,000. Policy Analysis The notice of funds availability for New Jersey harm reduction expansion is partially an effort to address the unfortunate reality that over one-third of NJ counties have a harm reduction agency within their jurisdiction.¹ The $350,000 annual grant per agency could be better spent if monitored effectively, addressing the gap between the available funds and the actual delivery of services in underfunded areas. By creating a clear and enforceable auditing system, the state can increase the reach and impact of its harm reduction programs. The proposed penalties for non-compliance, including disqualification from grant renewal, would deter potential abuses and incentivize agencies to maintain their commitment to equity and the core suite of harm reduction. This policy shift would foster a culture of greater accountability, ensuring that funds reach their intended recipients, and enhance the overall effectiveness of the Opioid Settlement Fund’s reparative efforts across New Jersey. Should issues arise during the auditing process, harm reduction agencies should be made ineligible for renewal of funding. Concurrently, scrutiny of grant allocation and corrupt practices has arisen in the private sector of addiction rehabilitation, for which the State of New Jersey Commission of Investigation emphasizes the need to monitor public investments and ensure public funding in their February 2024 report.8 The case for safeguarding harm reduction agencies granted the Opioid Settlement Fund against abuse is clear: The appropriate use of resources will work to ensure that qualifying harm reduction agencies receive grant renewals and can continue the invaluable services they provide to people who use drugs and their communities. Ultimately, audits would force the reinstatement of said funding into communities where they are due. Highlights The New Jersey Department of Health (DOH) grants harm reduction licenses and funding to agencies to enable them to buy and distribute essential supplies. Organizations can receive $350,000 annually if they qualify for the designation.1 A lack of verification processes for community distributor requests