generation (132). Among those who have not yet deployed AI but have plans to do so, they most commonly planned to do this in more than a yearÕs time. This is true across the different AI technologies, as shown in Figure 4.4. Natural language processing and generation (18%) and computer vision, image processing and generation (17%) were most likely to be adopted in the next year. A notable number of records were Ôback-codedÕ post-fieldwork. This is where respondents initially said they did not use the AI technologies listed but instead used an alternative technology and as such were not asked this question. Post fieldwork, these ÔotherÕ technologies were reviewed and found to all fall into these five categories of AI and were subsequently back-coded into the appropriate technology. Figure 4.4 When organisations not currently using AI plan to adopt it Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question B3. Please could you tell me whether your organisation is planning to adopt the following technology in the next year or whether you plan to adopt it further in the future. Base: Those not using AI but plan to (111); Natural language processing and generation (94), Computer vision/ image processing and generation (69), Hardware related to AI (52), machine learning (98) and RPA (56). How the AI was adopted Each AI technology was most commonly adopted through the purchase of external software or ready-to-use systems, shown in Figure 4.5. Around one in five businesses developed machine learning (21%) and hardware related to AI (19%) in-house. AI development most likely to be outsourced was for hardware related to AI (34%). language processing and generation (5% vs 14% among businesses overall) and more likely to purchase external software or ready-to-use systems for computer vision, image processing and generation (78% vs 60% among businesses overall). Figure 4.5 How the AI technology was adopted Source: AI Cyber Security Survey Caution * denotes low base size. Question B4. How did your organisation adopt the following technology: [Technology]. Base: Those currently using AI (239); machine learning (94), Hardware related to AI (32) *, Computer vision/ image processing and generation (88), RPA (27) * and Natural language processing and generation (132). Reasons for employing AI technology Just over a third of businesses currently using AI said they did this for the purpose of financial or cost savings to their business (35%). Those that said they had cyber security practices in place explicitly for current AI technologies were more likely to report using AI for financial or cost savings compared to those without such practices in place (42% vs 29%). 14% employed AI to help write documents, 13% cited speed and efficiency purposes, and a further 12% used it for content generation more broadly. 8% reported using AI to improve quality or enhance their product offering. Figure 4.6 Reasons for employing AI technology Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question B5. For what reasons does your organisation employ AI technology? Base: Those currently using AI (239) 5. Cyber security practices around AI This