this section (but see section 63). Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 45 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 68 Fixed penalty notices (1) A constable or an authorised person may issue a fixed penalty notice to anyone he or she has reason to believe has committed an offence under section 63 or 67 in relation to a public spaces protection order [F40or an expedited order]. (2) A fixed penalty notice is a notice offering the person to whom it is issued the opportunity of discharging any liability to conviction for the offence by payment of a fixed penalty to a local authority specified in the notice. (3) The local authority specified under subsection (2) must be the one that made the public spaces protection order [F41or expedited order]. (4) Where a person is issued with a notice under this section in respect of an offenceÑ (a) no proceedings may be taken for the offence before the end of the period of 14 days following the date of the notice; (b) the person may not be convicted of the offence if the person pays the fixed penalty before the end of that period. (5) A fixed penalty notice mustÑ (a) give reasonably detailed particulars of the circumstances alleged to constitute the offence; (b) state the period during which (because of subsection (4)(a)) proceedings will not be taken for the offence; (c) specify the amount of the fixed penalty; (d) state the name and address of the person to whom the fixed penalty may be paid; (e) specify permissible methods of payment. (6) An amount specified under subsection (5)(c) must not be more than £100. (7) A fixed penalty notice may specify two amounts under subsection (5)(c) and specify that, if the lower of those amounts is paid within a specified period (of less than 14 days), that is the amount of the fixed penalty. (8) Whatever other method may be specified under subsection (5)(e), payment of a fixed penalty may be made by pre-paying and posting to the person whose name is stated under subsection (5)(d), at the stated address, a letter containing the amount of the penalty (in cash or otherwise). (9) Where a letter is sent as mentioned in subsection (8), payment is regarded as having been made at the time at which that letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. (10) In any proceedings, a certificate thatÑ (a) purports to be signed by or