all new affordable housing, most of which is delivered on-site. This has played an important role in securing affordable housing as part of mixed-tenure development. 130. Under the GovernmentÕs proposals to reform the planning system, set out in the Planning for the Future White Paper, the current system of developer contributions would be replaced with a new Infrastructure Levy which would be charged as a fixed proportion of the development value. These reforms aim to provide greater certainty and transparency. The White Paper includes a clear commitment to ensure that, under the Infrastructure Levy, affordable housing provision supported through developer contributions is kept at least at current levels Ð and that it is still delivered on-site to ensure that new development continues to support mixed communities. We will continue to work with the social housing sector to ensure that our planning reforms achieve these objectives. 131. It is unacceptable that social tenants should be denied access to shared spaces and facilities and we want to see housing designed in a way that prevents this. We have published the National Design Guide which promotes social interaction through encouraging well-integrated housing and other facilities that are designed to be tenure neutral and socially inclusive, with spaces that can be shared by all residents. Local planning authorities will be expected to develop their own design codes or guides, taking into consideration the GovernmentÕs forthcoming guidance on producing local design codes. These will set out clear parameters for what good quality design looks like in their area, following appropriate local consultation. 132. In 2018, we published an Integrated Communities Strategy Action Plan setting out cross-government measures to build integrated communities and challenge segregation. Integration Areas were announced in the Integrated Communities Strategy Green Paper with the aim that government would work with local authorities and other partners to co-design integration strategies to take tailored actions to address the challenges specific to their place. We have worked with three of our five existing integration areas to consider how to maximise the use of levers in housing and planning policy locally to tackle social and residential segregation. We would aim to build on the results of their work to embed innovative approaches to housing. Considering how to ensure social housing is allocated fairly 133. Local authoritiesÕ allocation schemes are the primary system through which people access social housing. These schemes must be set in line with legislation, regulations and statutory guidance. In the social housing Green Paper, we announced an evidence collection exercise to help us understand how the system is playing out in local areas. 134. The exercise has brought together evidence from a survey of a number of local housing authorities, case studies, interviews and focus groups with representatives from across the sector. The results will be published shortly and we will consider the findings to ensure that housing is allocated in the fairest way possible and achieves the best outcomes for local places and communities. This will include considering: • how to improve