Serious Crime Act 2015 Fact sheet: Part 2: Computer misuse Background 1. In 2010 the National Security Strategy identified hostile attacks on UK cyber space by other states and large scale cyber crime as a Ôtier oneÕ threat to national security. In response, the National Cyber Security Programme (ÒNCSPÓ) was established to help meet the objectives of the strategy. It is underpinned by £860 million of government investment over five years to 2016, around 10% of which has been invested to build law enforcement capabilities to tackle cyber crime. A coordinated approach is needed to tackle serious and organised crime, including cyber crime. The Government set out how we plan to achieve this in the Serious and Organised Crime Strategy, published in October 2013. It is essential that in tackling cyber crime the right framework of offences is in place and that there is clarity in how the powers that are used to investigate cyber crime interact with the offences designed to catch cyber criminals. The Computer Misuse Act 1990 as amended 2. The Computer Misuse Act 1990 (Òthe 1990 ActÓ) sets out the offences associated with interfering with a computer (that is, hacking) and the associated tools (such as malware) that enable computer systems to be breached. It does not contain any powers. The 1990 Act, which applies UK-wide, makes unauthorised access to, or modification of, computer material unlawful. 3. Part 2 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 amends the 1990 Act to: * create a new offence of unauthorised acts causing serious damage; * implement the EU Directive on Attacks against Information Systems; and * clarify the savings provision for law enforcement agencies. New offence of unauthorised acts causing serious damage 4. The new offence in section 3ZA of the 1990 Act addresses the most serious cyber attacks, for example those on essential systems controlling power supply, communications, food or fuel distribution. A major cyber attack of this nature could have a significant impact, resulting in loss of life, serious illness or injury, severe social disruption or serious damage to the economy, the environment or national security. However, hitherto the most serious offence under the Act was the section 3 offence of unauthorised access to impair the operation of a computer. The maximum sentence of 10 yearsÕ imprisonment which this offence carried did not sufficiently reflect the level of personal and economic harm that a major cyber attack on critical systems could cause. 5. The new offence applies where an unauthorised act in relation to a computer results, directly or indirectly, in serious damage to the economy, the environment, 1. national security or human welfare, or a significant risk of such damage (where damage to human welfare encompasses loss of life, illness or injury or serious social disruption). A significant link to the UK is required, so that at least one of the accused or the target computer at the time of the offence or the damage must have been in the UK, or the accused must be