Chapter 4). The Regulations require Category 1 responders to have regard to assessments of risk maintained pursuant to the Act when developing BCPs.7 The Act requires Category 1 responders to consider whether a risk assessment 6.1. makes it necessary or desirable to review a BCP.8 It is good practice, in any instance, to review BCPs in conjunction with risk registers and vice versa. 5 regulation 21 6 s.2(1)(a) 7 regulation 19 8 s.2(1)(e) Generic and specific plans 6.17. As with emergency plans, the Regulations provide that Category 1 responders may use generic plans, specific plans, or a combination of the two in business continuity planning. A generic plan is a core plan which enables a Category 1 responder to respond to a wide range of possible impacts, setting out the common elements of the response to these (e.g. invocation procedure, command and control, access to financial resources). 6.18. Specific plans may be required in relation to specific risks, sites or services. Specific plans provide a detailed set of arrangements designed to go beyond the generic arrangements when these are unlikely to prove sufficient. 6.19. Specific plans will usually operate within the framework established by the generic plan. It is a matter for Category 1 responders themselves to decide - in the light of assessments of risk - what, if any, specific plans are required. Plan invocation 6.20. The Regulations specifically require Category 1 responders to establish a procedure for determining when an emergency has occurred which affects its 6.1. ability to continue to perform its functions.9 In other words, there must be a clear procedure for invoking the plan. Where continuity of critical functions is threatened in the event of an emergency, there should be a clearly laid out escalation procedure. This should be identified, agreed and documented within the plan. The Regulations specifically require this procedure to: 9 regulation 24 o identify the person who should determine whether such an emergency has occurred; o specify the procedure that person should adopt in taking that decision; o specify the persons who should be consulted before such a decision is taken; and o specify the persons who should be informed once a decision has been taken. Exercising BCPs 6.21. Exercises provide demonstrable evidence of a business continuity and incident management competence and capability. A BCP cannot be considered reliable until it is exercised and has proved to be workable. As part of the BC process there is a continual need to prove plans and strategies by testing. No matter how well designed and thought-out a BCM strategy or BCP appears to be, a series of robust and realistic exercises will identify areas that require amendment. 6.22. The Regulations require Category 1 responders to put in place arrangements for exercising BCPs in order to ensure that they are effective1.0 These arrangements should encompass the three principal purposes of exercising: o validating plans - to verify that the plan works; o rehearsing key staff - to familiarise key staff with what is expected