the Ministry of Defence police. A National Crime Agency officer. [F10A member of the Royal Navy Police, the Royal Military Police or the Royal Air Force Police.] A person who has been engaged to provide services consisting of or including the extraction of information from electronic devices for the purposes of the exercise of functions by a person listed in this Part of this Schedule. PART 2 AUTHORISED PERSONS IN RELATION TO ALL PURPOSES WITHIN SECTION 37 270 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices: authorised persons Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F11... A person appointed as an immigration officer under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Immigration Act 1971. A person who is an enforcement officer by virtue of section 15 of the Gangmasters (Licensing) Act 2004. A person who has been engaged to provide services consisting of or including the extraction of information from electronic devices for the purposes of the exercise of functions by a person listed in this Part of this Schedule. PART 3 AUTHORISED PERSONS IN RELATION TO THE PREVENTION OF CRIME ETC ONLY An officer of Revenue and Customs. A person designated as a general customs official or a customs revenue official under the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 (see sections 3 and 11 of that Act). [F12An officer of the department of the Secretary of State for Business and Trade. An officer of the department of the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero. An officer of the department of the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.] A member of the Serious Fraud Office. A person appointed by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 to conduct an investigation. An officer of the Competition and Markets Authority. A person who is authorised by the Food Standards Agency to act in matters arising under or by virtue of the Food Safety Act 1990. A person who is authorised for the purposes of Part 6 of the Social Security Administration Act 1992. An inspector appointed under section 15 of the Child Support Act 1991. A person designated by the Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct under paragraph 19(2) of Schedule 3 to the Police Reform Act 2002. The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner. A person designated by the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner under paragraph 7B(1) of Schedule 4 to the Police, Public Order and Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 2006 (asp 10). Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts