are required to have regard to. Other steps being taken to tackle FGM 26. Amending the law is not the only answer to securing additional prosecutions and convictions for FGM nor can it eradicate a practice that has been deeply ingrained in the culture of practising communities. The Government is committed to preventing and ending this form of violence against women and girls. Other measures announced at the Girl Summit included: * working to improve the police response to FGM. The College of Policing will issue new guidance to raise awareness of FGM among officers. In addition, Her MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary will carry out an inspection of the police response to honour based violence with a focus on FGM and forced marriage; * a national FGM Prevention Programme, working in partnership with NHS England; * new briefing for schools on FGM and forced marriage commissioned by the Department for Education; * more funding to help charities raise awareness and a network of community champions with the cultural knowledge and connections necessary to challenge beliefs and change behaviour; and * a new cross-government specialist FGM unit working with criminal justice partners, childrenÕs services, healthcare professionals and affected communities. The FGM Unit was launched on 5 December 2014. 27. The Crown Prosecution Service is also working closely with the police to identify girls and women at risk of, or who have been subjected to, FGM. 28. FGM is unlikely to end in the UK before it ends in Africa so the Department for International Development is leading a £35 million flagship programme to support the Africa-led movement to end FGM and is supporting work in 17 countries. Ministry of Justice/Home Office March 2015 Serious Crime Act 2015 Fact sheet: Unauthorised mobile phones in prison Background 1. Unauthorised mobile phones in prisons have been used by serious organised criminals to import firearms and drugs, coordinate escapes and to arrange murder. In January 2015, a serving prisoner received a life sentence for using a mobile phone to import machine guns into the UK. In 2013, the use of a mobile phone was instrumental in the escape of two prisoners near Salford, who were subsequently recaptured and sentenced to over 20 years in prison. In 2009, a prisoner was sentenced to 18 years for organising the importation of a large quantity of cocaine using a mobile phone from his prison cell. And in 2006, a mobile in prison was used to organise the killing of a gang leader. 2. The National Offender Management Service (NOMS) uses a range of measures to prevent unauthorised phones getting into prisons, as well as measures to identify and seize phones in the possession of prisoners. In 2013/14, NOMS seized over 7,400 SIM cards and phones in prisons in England and Wales. All prisoners have access to approved fixed-line phones and are able to telephone the Samaritans free of charge. Current position 3. Despite the success of measures to detect and seize phones in prison, mobile phone technology continues