of this provision and to facilitate police forces generating a confirmatory letter to applicants who benefit from an extension under section 28B. 11.14 In the event that the application for renewal is subsequently granted, any period for which the certificate continued in force under section 28B will be treated for the purposes of section 28A(1) as part of the period for which the renewed certificate is in force, meaning that the total renewal period of a renewed certificate would be 5 years. 11.15 In the event that the application for renewal cannot be determined before the extended certificate expires, police forces may continue to issue a temporary permit to the applicant under section 7 of the Firearms Act 1968 authorising their continued possession of firearms and ammunition to which the expired certificate applies. Section 7 permits issued in these circumstances can allow for the continued possession of the firearms and ammunition that are specified on the applicantÕs expired certificate but not the acquisition or purchase of additional firearms or ammunition. Coterminous certificates 11.16 Section 11 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 provides for chief officers of police to grant or renew a shot gun certificate for a period such that it will expire at the same time as the holderÕs firearm certificate. The purpose of this provision is to enable both renewal procedures to be carried out at the same time, with a consequent saving to the police and the certificate holder. A firearm certificate holder applying for the grant or renewal of a shot gun certificate can therefore request that it is issued with the same expiry date as their firearm certificate. Alternatively, where shot gun certificate holders apply for the grant or renewal of a firearm certificate, they should be advised that they may surrender their shot gun certificate and apply for a new one at the reduced fee to take effect on the same day as the firearm certificate. Replacement certificates 11.17 Section 32 of the 1968 Act states that a fee is payable to replace a certificate which has been lost or destroyed. A certificate should be replaced without fee if it is very dirty, mutilated, or lacks space for further legible entries to be made. The old certificate should not be returned to the holder. 90 Revocations and Cancellations Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 11.18 Where police forces have serious concerns about a certificate holderÕs continued access to shot guns, prompt action must be taken to ensure no preventable harm is caused to public safety. This may involve the certificate holder being invited to voluntarily surrender their shot guns and certificate pending a review of their continued suitability to be issued with a shot gun certificate. Such a review should be carried out expeditiously, with the certificate holder informed of the progress. Should the enquiry have the result that there is no danger to the public safety, the guns and certificates should be returned as soon as practicable. Care should be taken in the transport