to be given to persons affected by it. In this section “part” includes portion. 127N Discharge, variation and lapse of detention order An order under section 127M may be discharged or varied. An application for variation or discharge of the order may be made by— a person mentioned in section 127M(3), or any person affected by the order. On an application under this section the sheriff must discharge the order if— the order was made on the ground that the first or second condition in section 127B was met but proceedings for the offence mentioned in that condition have not been started within a reasonable time, the order was made on the ground that the third or fourth condition in section 127B was met but proceedings for the offence mentioned in that condition have now been concluded, the order was made on the ground that the fifth, sixth or seventh condition in section 127B was met but the application mentioned in that condition has now been concluded or, as the case may be, has not been made within a reasonable time. An order made under section 127M lapses if a restraint order is made in respect of the property to which it relates (but provision authorising detention of the property may have been included in the restraint order by virtue of section 120A). 127O Appeals If on an application for an order under section 127M the sheriff decides not to make an order, a person mentioned in subsection (3) of that section may appeal to the Court of Session against the decision. If an application is made under section 127N in relation to an order the following persons may appeal to the Court of Session in respect of the sheriff's decision on the application— a person mentioned in section 127M(3), or any person affected by the order. 64 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes An appeal under this section must be made before the end of the period of 21 days starting with the day on which the order was made. On an appeal under this section the Court of Session may— make or (as the case may be) discharge the order, or vary the order. 127P Detention of property pending section 127O appeal This section applies where— an application for an order under section 127M is made within the period mentioned in section 127J, and the application is refused. This section also applies where— an order is made under section 127M extending the period for which