circumstances they are unable to protect themselves from harmÓÕ TACTICAL CONSIDERATIONS WELFARE Hate Crimes/Incidents within the Organisation Police employees who are victims of Hate Incidents or Hate Crimes will receive exactly the same high standard of service that they themselves are expected to deliver to members of the public. Reported crimes and incidents will be managed in exactly the same way. 9 POINT PLAN Ð OFFICERS AND STAFF SUBJECTED TO HATE CRIME 1. Hate crime must be progressed expeditiously Hate crimes are frequently linked to other crimes. All hate crimes must be recorded separately and investigated without delay with an appropriately classified niche occurrence created. 2. The victim code applies to all victims, including Officers and Staff Complying with the Victim Code means keeping the victim updated at all stages of the investigation, discussing outcome options and taking account of the victim's point of view before imposing an outcome. It also includes the "right to review" when no further action is recommended. 3. Investigation of the hate crime It is not appropriate for the Victim of a Hate Crime to investigate any element of a crime that they are involved in. This includes taking statements. The integrity of the investigation and the impartiality of the officer/staff could be called into question, which could undermine the case and/or heighten the impact on the victim. 4. Welfare support and supervision The victim's supervisor should meet with them as soon as practical and consider OHU. The victim may downplay the impact, but supervisors should be aware of the potential effects of the incident, as well as the wider cumulative impact. The victim's supervisor should also complete an accident and near miss form here. 5. Supervisors must ensure their chain of command is informed Notifying your manager ensures better support and subsequent investigation. It is important you inform the relevant Staff Association who can provide valuable additional support to the victim as well. 6. Submitting the best evidence for a successful prosecution Due to the emotional impact of hate crime, the affected officer/staff should not write their own statement. A Victim Personal Statement should be obtained, ideally at the point of charge. The OIC must understand the 'points to prove' for hate crime, refer to the Hate Crime Operational Guidance and is responsible for ensuring the CPS are made aware that the case is hate related. 7. Restorative Justice This will be supported by the Force if the victim chooses to take part. It will be facilitated by the Restorative Together Team and the victim will be afforded time to engage. 8. Compensation If awarded compensation at court, the Force will expedite the payment to the officer/staff member automatically via the court decision being sent to Finance. 9. The Chief Officer's impact statement must be included in all prosecution files This is to be submitted to highlight the severity of the incident and the courts will take this into consideration when sentencing. This is held on SharePoint under ÔChief Impact Statement.Õ 3.1 Additionally, those