and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 73 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) where a previous application under that subsection has been made in relation to the same order, before the end of the period of one year beginning with the date on which the previous application was determined, or (c) before the end of any period specified under section 66(3), or subsection (5), in relation to the order. (3) On an application under subsection (1), the court mayÑ (a) terminate the disqualification order, (b) vary the order so as to make it less onerous, or (c) refuse the application. (4) When determining an application under subsection (1), the court is to have regard toÑ (a) the character of the applicant, (b) the applicantÕs conduct since the disqualification order was made, and (c) any other relevant circumstances. (5) Where the court refuses an application under subsection (1) or varies a disqualification order on such an application, it may specify a period during which the applicant may not make a further application under that subsection in relation to the order concerned. (6) The court may order an applicant to pay all or part of the costs of an application. (7) In this sectionÑ Òappropriate courtÓ meansÑ (a) the magistratesÕ court which made the disqualification order, or (b) another magistratesÕ court acting for the same local justice area as that court; Òdisqualification orderÓ has the same meaning as in section 66. 69 Section 67: supplementary (1) The court by which an order under section 67 is made mayÑ (a) appoint a person to carry out, or arrange for the carrying out of, the order; (b) require any person who has possession of a dog to which the order applies to deliver it up to enable the order to be carried out; (c) give directions with respect to the carrying out of the order; (d) confer additional powers (including power to enter premises where a dog to which the order applies is being kept) for the purpose of, or in connection with, the carrying out of the order; (e) order the person who committed the offence in relation to which the order was made, or another person, to reimburse the expenses of carrying out the order. (2) A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed under subsection (1)(b) commits an offence. (1) 74 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this