of arrest) other than in its application to an offence under section 30 of that Act (impersonation), but does not otherwise include any enactment contained in that Act. (8) This section has effect subject toÑ (a) any limitation specified in the official's designation under section 12 (supplementary provisions about designation), and (b) any designation of the official under section 3 (designation of general customs officials). 12 Designation: supplementary (1) A designation under section 11 is subject to such limitations as may be specified in the designation. (2) A limitation specified under subsection (1) may, in particular, relate toÑ (a) the functions that are exercisable by virtue of the designation, or (b) the purposes for which those functions are exercisable. (3) A designation under section 11Ñ (a) may be permanent or for a specified period, (b) may (in either case) be withdrawn, and (c) may be varied. (4) The power to designate, or to withdraw or vary a designation, is exercised by the Director of Border Revenue giving notice to the official in question. (1) (5) The Director may designate an official under section 11 only if the Director is satisfied that the officialÑ (a) is capable of effectively carrying out the functions that are exercisable by virtue of the designation, (b) has received adequate training in respect of the exercise of those functions, and (c) is otherwise a suitable person to exercise those functions. 13 Directions by the Director A customs revenue official must comply with the directions of the Director of Border Revenue in the exercise of customs revenue functions. Use and disclosure of information 14 Use and disclosure of customs information (1) A person to whom this section applies mayÑ (a) use customs information acquired by that person in connection with a function exercisable by that person for the purpose of any other function exercisable by that person, and (b) disclose customs information to any other person to whom this section applies for the purpose of a function exercisable by that person. (2) The persons to whom this section applies areÑ (a) a designated customs official, (b) an immigration officer, (c) the Secretary of State by whom general customs functions are exercisable, (d) any other Minister of the Crown in the department of that Secretary of State, (e) the Director of Border Revenue, and (f) a person acting on behalf of a person mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e). (3) This section is subject to any provision that restricts or prohibits the use or disclosure of information and that is contained inÑ (a) this Part, (b) any other enactment, or (c) an international or other agreement to which the United Kingdom or Her Majesty's Government is party. (4) In subsection (3) the reference to an enactment does not include an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made underÑ (a) an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (b) a Measure or Act of the National Assembly for Wales, or (c) Northern Ireland legislation. (5) This section is without prejudice