It may be helpful to think of security in terms of broad ÒlevelsÓ to be applied according to the circumstances of each case. These are not intended to be prescriptive, but rather to provide guidance on what might be considered proportionate in each case. Level 1 (below) would be considered the normal standard of security applicable to the majority of cases. Level 1 18.26 A gun cabinet, or (where only one rifle or shot gun is held and a low level of risk is involved) a gun clamp or similar device fixed to the building is normally considered to be reasonable security. This should be located to frustrate or obstruct points of attack and identification by casual visitors to the premises. Other considerations might be: • Final exit doors of good construction, ideally PAS24 and secured with locks to the appropriate British Standard. • Suitable locks/securing devices on ground floor windows and French/patio windows. 18.27 As an additional level of security, ammunition and easily removable component parts Ð such as rifle bolts etc. Ð should be stored separately from the firearms they fit, if it is safe and reasonable to do so and they may not been confused between firearms. This could be either by use of a detached storage container fitted elsewhere in the dwelling, or one built into or onto the firearms cabinet. 18.28 There is a need to consider other alternatives for unusual firearms such as punt guns, cannon etc. In these cases, such items may be secured in buildings other than the dwelling. Suitable securing points may be required where the situation or construction of such buildings make it necessary. Where possible any removable part that would render the gun inoperative should be stored separately. 161 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 18.29 When only one rifle or shot gun is held and a lower level of risk is involved, gun clamps or similar devices or arrangements may be adequate. Other considerations in that dwelling might be: a) Final exit doors of good construction secured with good quality locks and/or other types of deadlocking facilities; b) Suitable locks/securing devices on ground floor windows and French/patio windows. 18.30 In more modern houses, the above requirements will be met in properties with PVCu doors or specialist doors with a multi-locking system which is secured by a deadlock. These requirements will also be met in properties with PVCu or specialist windows by a similar style of system secured by a keyed lock, either handle or independently mounted. 18.31 When providing advice to fit locks to PVCu doors and/or windows it must be stressed that the manufacturer/supplier should be consulted about which locks would be appropriate, as the fitting of non specified locks may cause damage to the article and invalidate the product warranty. Level 2 18.32 Where the individual circumstances are such that additional security might be required due to factors such as repeat victimisation, a high crime location, building regularly unoccupied, substantial number of firearms on the premises, in