of not less than 18mm thick secured to the floor joists by screws of not less than 10 gauge giving a penetration into the joist timber of at least 60mm at not more than 300mm centres. The finished floor being a sandwich of floorboard, mesh, overlaid floorboard laid so that the mesh, when reaching the edges of the floor is either: • folded up and secured to the walls with masonry or other heavy duty fixings; or • welded onto steel angle that is secured to the wall with masonry or other heavy duty fixings; Any adaptation of existing floors must be calculated to ensure that the work proposed does not compromise the strength of the structure, existing timbers or supports. 47. Doors: the door or doors and surround of an armoury should be constructed as follows: Doors should be of sheet steel and fabricated either as a: a) 10mm minimum thickness sheet steel door; or b) 6mm minimum thickness sheet steel door, stiffened by the provision of a 50mm by 50mm by 6mm steel angle or channel welded as close as possible to the four edges of the door, allowing for a minimum of 20mm of the door edges to overlay the angle of the frame on an outward opening door. The stiffening to be continuous and unbroken. 48. Doors of either fabrication should be: a) hung on robust steel hinges continuously welded to the door and door surround. Hinges may be either externally or internally fitted. Doors over 1.5 metres in height should be fitted with not less than 3 hinges. b) if external hinges are chosen, hinge bolts must be fitted to prevent the door failing if the hinges have been destroyed/removed. Hinge bolts of not less than 40mm by 20mm cross section must be continuously welded to the inner surface on the hinge side of the door. The hinge bolts should fit snugly against the door surround, passing at least 20mm behind the surround. c) hinge bolts should be fitted to support each hinge provided on the door and in the case of only two being required, they must be positioned either at or above the level of the upper hinge, and at or below the lower hinge on the door; d) doors must be secured by at least two multi-lever mortice locks which comply with: i) British Standard 3621:2017 or its equivalent; or ii) HELA Tech Doc 26/5 or other recognised equivalent; and iii) the locks must have a minimum 20mm bolt throw, measured from the face of the lock; i) iv) doors over 1.5 metres in height should be fitted with 3 e) doors secured by a system of driven bolt work to the following standard are acceptable: • the bolt work can be either lever or key • along the opening edge, driving a minimum of 3 bolts, set equally spaced down that edge; • there should be a minimum of 1 bolt operating along the top; • where the door has a