work, sport or leisure (including collections or research). Chief officers are able to exercise discretion over what constitutes a good reason, judging each case on its own merits. See Chapter 12 for further details. How are firearms stored? 1.7 The conditions of a firearm or shot gun certificate stipulate that guns must be stored securely so as to prevent access by an unauthorised person. The manner in which they are stored depends on the individual property and circumstances. See Chapter 18 for further details. What happens to firearms in the event of the death of the owner? 1.8 In the event of the death of a certificate holder, the person inheriting the effects must surrender or declare the weapons to the police or a registered firearms dealer. Failure to do so would result in the inheritor being in breach of the law by having the firearms in their possession; it is the responsibility of the inheritor to find out whether firearms are part of the deceasedÕs effects. Registered firearms dealers will be able to advise on the value of the items and how best to proceed in accordance with the inheritorÕs wishes. Options include applying for a certificate, selling/transferring the firearm (for example, to a museum or a certificate holder) or destroying it. See Chapters 5, 14 and 24 for further details. 4 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law What should I do if I have concerns about a firearm owner? 1.9 Any concerns should be reported to your local police force. What is the government doing to prevent 3D printed guns being used? 1.10 If someone were to possess, purchase, manufacture or sell a firearm or its component parts otherwise than in accordance with the requirements of sections 1, 3 and 5 of the Firearms Act 1968, they would be liable to prosecution. See Chapter 3 for more details. Where can I find information about shooting clubs, museums or firearms dealers? 1.11 Detailed information about firearms dealers can be found in Chapter 15, museums in Chapter 16 and shooting clubs in Chapter 17. 5 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 2: Definition and Classification of Firearms and Ammunition 2.1 This chapter provides definitions of firearms, component parts, shot guns, deactivated firearms and defectively deactivated firearms, imitation and realistic imitation firearms, including readily convertible imitations, some information on antiques (which are covered more fully in Chapter 8), and firearms conversion. It goes on to define various types of firearms and ammunition for which no certificate is required, including certain types of air weapons. 2.2 The definitions of ÔfirearmÕ, Ôlethal barrelled weaponÕ, Ôshot gunÕ and ÔammunitionÕ for the purposes of the Firearms Acts are set out in section 57 of the Firearms Act 1968 (Òthe principal ActÓ) and are set out below. The definition of ÔfirearmÕ extends to certain imitation firearms (see paragraphs 2.32 to 2.36). Definition of ÔfirearmÕ and Ôlethal barrelled weaponÕ 2.3 Section 57 of the principal Act (as amended) defines a ÔfirearmÕ as (i) a lethal barrelled weapon of