specified in the orderÑ (a) on or before the date when the prohibition takes effect, or (b) within a period specified in the order. (5) Any passports surrendered must be returned as soon as reasonably practicable after the person ceases to be subject to a sexual risk order containing such a prohibition (unless the person is subject to an equivalent prohibition under another order). (6) Subsection (5) does not apply in relation toÑ (a) a passport issued by or on behalf of the authorities of a country outside the United Kingdom if the passport has been returned to those authorities; (b) a passport issued by or on behalf of an international organisation if the passport has been returned to that organisation. (7) In this section ÒpassportÓ meansÑ (a) a United Kingdom passport within the meaning of the Immigration Act 1971; (b) a passport issued by or on behalf of the authorities of a country outside the United Kingdom, or by or on behalf of an international organisation; (c) a document that can be used (in some or all circumstances) instead of a passport. Sexual risk order: variations, renewals and discharges 122D(1) A person within subsection (2) may by complaint to the appropriate court apply for an order varying, renewing or discharging a sexual risk order. (2) The persons areÑ (a) the defendant; (b) the chief officer of police for the area in which the defendant resides; (c) a chief officer of police who believes that the defendant is in, or is intending to come to, that officer's police area; (d) where the order was made on an application by a chief officer of police, that officer. (3) Subject to subsections (4) and (5), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and (if they wish to be heard) the other persons mentioned in subsection (2), may make any order, varying, renewing or discharging the sexual risk order, that the court considers appropriate. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 201 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) An order may be renewed, or varied so as to impose additional prohibitions on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. Any renewed