As soon as reasonably practicable after the end of the review period, the Secretary of State mustÑ (a) carry out a review of the following provisions of this ChapterÑ (i) section 103 (licensing authorities as responsible authorities), (ii) section 104 (Primary Care Trusts and Local Health Boards as responsible authorities), (i) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 119 (iii) section 105 (premises licences: who may make relevant representations), (iv) section 106 (premises licenses: who may apply for review), (v) section 107 (club premises certificates: who may make relevant representations), (vi) section 108 (club premises certificates: who may apply for review), (vii) section 109 (reducing the burden: premises licences), (viii) section 110 (reducing the burden: club premises certificates), (ix) section 111 (reducing the burden: other situations), (x) section 112 (temporary event notices: who may make an objection), (xi) section 113 (temporary event notices: conditions), (xii) section 117 (temporary event notice: time for objection to notice), (xiii) section 119 (early morning alcohol restriction orders), (xiv) section 120 (suspension of licence or certificate for failing to pay annual fee), (xv) section 123 (personal licences: relevant offences), and (b) set out the conclusions of the review in a report. (2) In particular, the review must assess the effect of the amendments made by those sections on the scheme established by the Licensing Act 2003. (3) The Secretary of State must lay a copy of the report before Parliament. (4) In this section, Òreview periodÓ means the period of five years beginning withÑ (a) if all of those sections commence on the same day, that day, and (b) otherwise, the first day on which all of those sections have commenced. CHAPTER 2 LATE NIGHT LEVY Application of late night levy requirement in licensing authority's area 125 Late night levy requirement [F83(1) In this Chapter, Òa late night levy requirementÓ means a requirement to pay a late night levy in accordance with this Chapter. (2) A licensing authority may decide that a late night levy requirement is to apply in its area or in a part of its area in respect ofÑ (a) relevant late night alcohol authorisations relating to premises in the area or the part, or (b) relevant late night alcohol authorisations and relevant late night refreshment authorisations relating to premises in the area or the part. (a) 120 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 2 Ð Late night levy Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2A) Accordingly, references in this