or transitory provision (in addition to the provision in sections 21, 33, 42, 58 and 93) the Secretary of State thinks appropriate in connection with the coming into force of any provision of this Act, other than the provisions listed in subsection (3) as they apply in Wales. (8) The Welsh Ministers may by order make whatever saving, transitional or transitory provision they think appropriate in connection with the coming into force in Wales of the provisions listed in subsection (3) as they apply in Wales. (9) The Scottish Ministers may by order make whatever saving, transitional or transitory provision they think appropriate in connection with the coming into force of section 122. (10) An order under this section bringing into force on a particular day a provision which refers to the Police Negotiating Board for Scotland may, if it appears to the Secretary of State that no body of that name will be in existence on that day, bring the provision into force subject to whatever consequential amendment or transitional provision the Secretary of State thinks appropriate. 186 Short title This Act may be cited as the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Remands under sections 9 and 10 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 167 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes SCHEDULES SCHEDULE 1 Section 11 REMANDS UNDER SECTIONS 9 AND 10 Introductory 1 (1) This Schedule applies whereÑ (a) a judge has power to remand a person under section 9(5), (b) a justice of the peace is required to remand a person under section 9(6), or (c) a court has power to remand a person under section 10(8). (2) A reference in the following paragraphs of this Schedule to a judge is to be read as including a justice of the peace. Remand in custody or on bail 2 (1) The judge or the court may remand the personÑ (a) in custody, or (b) on bail. But a person aged under 18 may not be remanded in custody unless paragraph 6 applies. (2) A reference in this Schedule to remanding a person in custody is a reference to committing the person to custody to be brought before the court at the end of the period of remand or at whatever earlier time the court may require. (3) The judge or the court may remand the person on bailÑ (a) by taking from the person a recognizance, with or without sureties, conditioned as provided in paragraph 3, or (b) by fixing the amount of the recognizances with a view