you have a clear understanding of who has raised the post and it is appropriate for you to offer an opinion. Further advice can be found in Section 8 - Keeping your private life private [page 7] of the ACPO Guidelines on Safe use of the Internet & Social Media. POLICY AIM The aims of this Policy and guidance are as follows: • To provide officers, staff and volunteers with clear regulations in relation to the application for, setting up and use of any Wiltshire Police social media account. • To clarify the responsibilities of all officers, staff and volunteers when using Wiltshire Police and/or personal social media sites. • To allow specific members of Wiltshire Police the opportunity to set-up and manage a Wiltshire Police social media account • To incorporate and maintain the College of Policing Competency and Values Framework for Policing (CVF) when using social media. • To ensure all Wiltshire Police social media use is primarily utilised to prevent crime and protect the public in line with our Force ÔPurpose and MissionÕ. • To provide a framework for all officers, staff and volunteers when using Wiltshire Police and/or personal social media accounts. • To provide guidance and advice empowering officers and staff to keep themselves and their families safe when using personal social media sites. APPLICABILITY This policy and guidance is applicable to Police officers and staff including Special Constables, PCSOs, agency staff, temporary staff, volunteers and contractors who are either using or planning to use a Wiltshire Police and/or personal social media account. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE This policy imposes duties and responsibilities upon persons employed by or who volunteer on behalf of Wiltshire Police and contractors and Wiltshire Council employees who are either using or planning to use a Wiltshire Police social media account. It has regard to other legislation, particularly around copyright, media law, protection of personal data and human rights. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Acceptable Use of Force Systems Policy Information Security Policy Media Policy (APP on Media Relations) Open Source and Internet based Research and Investigation Policy ACPO Guidelines on Safe use of the Internet & Social Media College of Policing Competency and Values Framework (CVF) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE The College of Policing authorised professional practice carries information on the use of social media under the section entitled: ÔEngagement and CommunicationÕ. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations (UK GDPR) and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 All information contained in the Wiltshire Police Social Media Policy is available to the public under the Freedom of Information Act 2000. MONITORING AND REVIEW This policy will be reviewed every two years in the light of any national policy or procedural change or due to changes to law or Force strategy or at such other times as may