486 22% Respondent unavailable during fieldwork 234 11% Over quota 64 3% Of the 350 businesses that took part in the survey, 239 were currently using AI. These businesses as a proportion of all those for whom we have a definite answer on whether or not they use AI, equates to 21%. This is slightly higher than the ONS finding in April 2023 which reported an estimated 16% of all UK businesses had adopted at least one AI technology.[footnote 2] Reasons for not using AI Respondents who confirmed during the survey that they do not use, or have plans to use, any Artificial Intelligence tools within the business were asked what has prevented their organisation from implementing AI technologies. Among the 193 businesses who answered, the most common reason provided was that they have not identified a need for AI, including deeming it irrelevant for their sector or industry (44%). One in ten said they have not thought about AI or do not know enough about it (10%) and they have no interest in it, for example preferring human interaction (9%). 8% deemed AI unnecessary due to the small size of their business, 6% said they lack the time or resources to set it up and 6% had concerns about the security of AI models and systems, including data security and confidentiality. Data analysis and weighting Large and medium-sized businesses are over-represented in this survey compared to the business population. This was a deliberate decision - the Department needed a good-sized sample base of these types of businesses. Weighting by size and sector was therefore considered. However, as the number of interviews is small, the weights were deemed too large to apply and would have had a considerable negative impact on the effective base size. Specifically, it would have meant that it would not be possible to report the findings of businesses of a particular size or sector. These survey results cannot therefore be considered representative of the business population, however, can still provide useful insight into the behaviour of businesses that took part. 4. AI usage This chapter explores: the types of AI used by organisations; how long they have been using them; how the AI was adopted; and reasons for employing AI technology Types of AI used Overall, 68% of businesses were currently using at least one AI technology, while the remaining 32% had plans to adopt AI in the future. Figure 4.1 illustrates the type of AI technologies currently used and planned within these businesses. Natural language processing and generation was most commonly used, with 38% of businesses currently using this type of AI, and a further 27% planning to deploy it in the future. Those in the Information and Communication sector were most likely to be currently using this type of AI (54%). Businesses in Human Health and Social Work Activities were more likely than businesses overall to be currently using computer vision, image processing and generation (42% compared to 25% overall). Businesses in this sector