is required from him or her. The line manager is also responsible for providing guidance and support and ensuring the newly appointed member of staff receives an effective induction. 5.21 It is also the responsibility of the line manager to ensure that all probationary review reports are completed and returned to the Human Resources Department in a timely manner. 6. Probationary Procedure 6.1 For the standard six month probationary period, formal Initial Performance and Development Reviews are required after 4, 12 and 20 weeks service in the post. Where other than the standard length of probation is being undertaken, the frequency of reports will be established at the commencement period in consultation with the Human Resources Department. 6.2 The review forms are located within the HR Services intranet page on First Point. All sections of each review are to be completed fully by the line manager. 6.3 The reports must be signed and comments endorsed by the first line manager and forwarded to the post holder for signature and comments. The second line manager must then comment and sign the appropriate and forward to the Divisional/ Department Head for signature. On full completion of the report, the document should be forwarded to the Human Resource Department. Line managers must ensure that a copy of the review is kept for their records. 6.4 Line managers are expected to complete the reports in a timely manner and be returned to the HR Helpdesk. 7. Satisfactory Performance 7.1 Following successful completion of the probationary period, line managers may recommend that the post holder be confirmed in the role. 7.2 Both line managers should document this recommendation at the final stage of the review process, if appropriate. 7.3 The review should be sent to the Human Resources Department who will then send a letter to the staff member confirming that their probationary period has been satisfactorily completed and that they are therefore confirmed in post. 8. Early Confirmation 8.1 If a new member of staff is able to demonstrate their ability to function effectively at an early stage and the line manager decides that early confirmation of appointment may be appropriate, this decision may be indicated following the 12 week review. 8.2 If the first and second line managers are entirely satisfied that the member is working at full capacity, then a report must be submitted to the Human Resources Department for consideration, requesting an early confirmation of appointment. 8.3 A letter of confirmation of appointment will be forwarded from the Human Resources Department. 9. Unsatisfactory Performance 9.1 If progress is unsatisfactory, the line manager should discuss with the member of staff the areas of performance that are causing concern and should clarify objectives and timescales within which improvements will need to be made as well as identifying methods of achieving such improvements. Any additional training, re-training or support should be 1.1 mutually agreed by both parties and appropriate action taken. This should be put in writing to the probationer in the form of