in court, coming face to face with gang members or being threatened by them. The Statutory Code of Practice for Victims of Crime (VictimsÕ Code) sets out the service obligations which criminal justice agencies are required to provide to victims of crime. Similarly the Witness Charter sets out standards of care expected for a witness to a crime or incident in England and Wales. This Charter applies to all witnesses of a crime and to character witnesses (but not expert witnesses) and sets out what help and support may be expected at each stage of the court process from agencies. Applicants should take steps to ensure the protection of witnesses, including protecting their identity where appropriate. This means ensuring that any evidence provided does not inadvertently 32 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing reveal the identity of the witnesses. Applicants should be aware that the court has the power to order that the identity of any party or witness must not be disclosed if it considers non-disclosure necessary in order to protect the interests of that party or witness.20 Applicants should also be aware of recent case law which emphasises that any order of anonymity should not just be continued automatically, but that the need for the order in the particular circumstances should be reviewed at the earliest suitable opportunity.21 In addition, any grant of anonymity in civil proceedings should not be taken to imply that a similar grant of anonymity would be granted in any potential criminal proceedings. Several options are available to applicants if they are concerned about the security of witnesses. These include applying to the court for special measures, transferring hearings to a more secure court and requesting that the court protect witnessesÕ identities. More details on these options is provided below. Applicants should consider each of these options and justify to the court which if any should be granted. Applicants would need to convince the court that the measure(s) are necessary and proportionate to their security concerns. The court may give permission for a witness to give evidence with the assistance of special measures, as the applicant suggests or the court (with the approval of the Judge) sees as appropriate.22 Definitions of witnesses who may be vulnerable or intimidated for the purposes of special measures assistance are contained in sections 16 and 17 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999, and guidance on eligibility for special measures can be found at http://www.justice.gov.uk/downloads/victims-and-witnesses/vulnerable-witnesses/vulnerable- intimidated-witnesses.pdf. Special measures may include: • screens to shield the witnesses whilst entering the courtroom and standing in the witness box; • a live link to enable the witness to give evidence during the hearing from outside the court through a televised link to the courtroom; • evidence given in private by excluding from the court members of the public and the press; and, • voice distortion measures. If applicants consider that the witness is central to the evidence for the application, but that any special