Square if it appears to that constable or officer that the item is being, or has been, used in connection with the commission of an offence under section 143 [F179in that area]. [F180(1A) A constable or authorised officer may seize and retain a prohibited item that is on any land in the Palace of Westminster controlled area if it appears to that constable or officer that the item is being, or has been, used in connection with the commission of an offence under section 143 in that area.] (2) A constable may seize and retain a prohibited item that is on any land outside of the controlled area of Parliament Square if it appears to the constable that the item has been used in connection with the commission of an offence under section 143 [F181in that area]. [F182(2A) A constable may seize and retain a prohibited item that is on any land outside of the Palace of Westminster controlled area if it appears to the constable that the item has been used in connection with the commission of an offence under section 143 in that area.] (3) A Òprohibited itemÓ is any item of a kind mentioned in section 143(2). (4) A constable may use reasonable force, if necessary, in exercising a power of seizure under this section. (5) An item seized under this section must be returned to the person from whom it was seizedÑ (a) no later than the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the day on which the item was seized, or (b) if proceedings are commenced against the person for an offence under section 143 before the return of the item under paragraph (a), at the conclusion of those proceedings. (6) If it is not possible to return an item under subsection (5) because the name or address of the person from whom it was seized is not knownÑ (a) the item may be returned to any other person appearing to have rights in the property who has come forward to claim it, or (b) if there is no such person, the item may be disposed of or destroyed at any time after the end of the period of 90 days beginning with the day on which the item was seized. (7) Subsections (5)(b) and (6) do not apply if a court makes an order under section 146(1) (a) for the forfeiture of the item. (a) 142 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (8) The references in [F183this section] to an item that is ÒonÓ any land include references to an item that is in the possession of a person who is on any such land. 146 Power