the country where the incident occurred, including repatriation of the deceased. They may also be able to refer the deceasedÕs family to specialist support services. Further information is available by calling: 020 7008 50008 or at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/ helping-british-people-abroad-murder-and-manslaughter There is a Memorandum of Understanding to help clarify the role of the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office, the police and coroners in England and Wales, when a British national is a victim of murder, manslaughter or infanticide abroad. The Memorandum focuses on both the deceased and their family and explains what type of support is available. How can I ensure I receive the best service? Service providers will try to minimise the number of different people you have contact with during your case, and wherever possible, offer you a single point of contact for information. To assist them in delivering your Rights under this Code, you should: ? let them know if your contact details or preferences change; 6 www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-witness-charter-standards-of-care-for-witnesses-in-the-criminal-justice-system 7 This refers to the spouse, the partner, the relatives in direct line, the siblings and the dependants of the victim. Other family members, including guardians and carers, may be considered close relatives at the discretion of the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office. 8 Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. If you are not in the United Kingdom, you can find the contact details of the nearest British embassy, high commission or consulate online at: https://www.gov.uk/world/embassies 1 ? ask them questions if you are unsure about anything related to your case or the criminal justice process; and ? give service providers your views on the services they are providing to help them deliver and tailor a high-quality service. What if I do not want to receive the Rights offered under this Code? You may decide that you do not want some or all of the Rights under this Code. You should discuss this with the relevant service provider. You can choose to opt back in to receiving Rights under this Code at any time while the case is under active investigation, or prosecution, or the offender is serving their sentence. This does not apply to the Right to access support to help you to cope, and as far as possible, recover from being a victim of crime. This Right is available regardless of whether anyone has been charged, convicted of a criminal offence and regardless of whether you decide to report the crime to the police or you do not wish to cooperate with the investigation. Your Right to be protected You have the Right to be protected from re-victimisation, intimidation and retaliation during and after the investigation and proceedings. If you are concerned for your immediate safety, you should contact the police on: 999. In the unlikely event that the suspect (pre-trial) or offender (following conviction) escapes from custody, the police will contact you. If it is assessed that the suspect or offender poses a significant risk of harm to you, they will take any necessary measures