used positively to maximise community confidence in the police. (Brogden and Nijhar 2005: 23-24) The general idea then is to take policing down to a rather microscopic level of engagement, to be lead by these local actors in whichever way they see fit and to be held accountable to them. Thus it goes against much of the methods the police used to do their work before or, more importantly, goes against the kind of working practice the police value most highly: internally-driven, crime-fighting approaches where offenders are pursued and captured and the community is there mainly to give the police any information needed to do the job (Brogden and Nijhar 2005, Skogan 2006, O’Neill and Singh 2007). While the police have always to some extent been involved in ‘social work’ types of activities, these were not regarded very highly as being ‘true’ police work. The emphasis in community policing is to reverse that tendency, to see the ‘community’ as the main priority. Perhaps more important than a definition of community policing here is a definition of ‘community’. As this concept forms the basis of all further police action, we must consider how exactly it is identified. Now while that is probably a task best left to a different volume of academic research entirely (and has been), a few thoughts will be considered here. There are different ways that the police can go about identifying and engaging a ‘community’, such as by using pre-existing networks or forums, approaching a specific geographical area to illicit its input or linking in with identity groupings (such as a specific religion or sexual orientation-based groups). All of these ‘communities’ come with their own inherent problems, such as finding suitable ‘leaders’, having internal fissures and competing demands, as well as difficulty in remaining stable for a reasonable length of time to allow work with the police to be successful. Community police officers may find themselves faced with different accounts and demands from the same group (Hughes and Rowe 2007). With pressure from above to engage with and reassure these nebulous entities, community officers have to do the best they can. It may be that ‘community is not so much a descriptive term as a process whereby key actors (police officers, community safety managers and such like) construct and mobilize selectively discourses of community and aim to make them conducive to the aims of government’ (Hughes and Rowe 2007: 338). The result is that those areas that probably need more positive engagement with the police are least likely to do it. These would tend to be the more deprived areas, accustomed to seeing the police as oppressive law enforcers, rather than as partners in local area development. At the same time, those who are willing to work with the police are precisely those who least need it: well-organised community collations with comparatively less crime problems (Tilley 2003, Skogan 2006). It would appear in effect that a high level of social capital (strong social networks in a community