that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes SCHEDULE 15 Section 154 COMMUNITY AND SUSPENDED SENTENCE ORDERS: DRUG TESTING REQUIREMENT 1 The Sentencing Code is amended as follows. 2 In section 201 (community order: community order requirements table), after the entry in the table relating to the drug rehabilitation requirement, insertÑ Òdrug testing requirement Part 10A section 207(3A)Ó. 3 In section 207 (community order: availability of particular requirements), after subsection (3) insertÑ ÒDrug testing requirement (3A) A drug testing requirement is not an available requirement if the offender was convicted of the offence before the day on which section 154 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 came into force.Ó 4 In section 287 (suspended sentence order: community requirements table), after the entry in the table relating to the drug rehabilitation requirement, insertÑ Òdrug testing requirement Part 10A section 291(3A)Ó. 5 In section 291 (suspended sentence order: availability of particular requirements), after subsection (3) insertÑ ÒDrug testing requirement (3A) A drug testing requirement is not an available requirement if the offender was convicted of the offence before the day on which section 154 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 came into force.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Community and suspended sentence orders: drug testing requirement Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 345 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 6 In Schedule 9 (community orders and suspended sentence orders: requirements), after Part 10 insertÑ ÒPART 10A DRUG TESTING REQUIREMENT Requirement 22A (1) In this Code, Òdrug testing requirementÓ, in relation to a relevant order, means a requirement that during a period specified in the order, the offender must, for the purpose of ascertaining whether there is any drug or psychoactive substance in the offenderÕs body during that period, provide samples in accordance with directions given by the responsible officer. (2) The orderÑ (a) must provide that if the offender provides samples to a person other than the responsible officer, the results of the tests carried out on the samples are to be communicated to the responsible officer; (b) may make provision about the provision of samples by virtue of sub-paragraph (1). (3) The power of the responsible officer to give directions by virtue of sub- paragraph (1) about the provision of samplesÑ (a) is a power to give directions as toÑ (i) the type of samples to be provided, and (ii) the times at which, or circumstances in