for details) View outstanding changes officers (see section 114B of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE powers for labour abuse prevention officers)). Regulations under this section may, in particular— apply (with or without modifications), or make provision similar to, any provision of or made under this Part; make provision for payment by the Authority to, or in respect of, the [F324Office or in respect of the Director General]. The [F323Director General] and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may jointly investigate a matter in relation to which— the [F323Director General] has functions by virtue of this section, and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration has functions by virtue of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. An officer of the Authority may disclose information to the [F323Director General], or to a person acting on the [F325Director General's] behalf, for the purposes of the exercise by the [F323Director General], or by any person acting on the [F325Director General's] behalf, of an Authority complaints function. The [F323Director General] and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may disclose information to each other for the purposes of the exercise of a function— by virtue of this section, or under the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. Regulations under this section may, in particular, make— further provision about the disclosure of information under subsection (4) or (5); provision about the further disclosure of information that has been so disclosed. In this section “Authority complaints function” means a function in relation to the exercise of functions by officers of the Authority.] 62 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F32626E Food crime officers The Secretary of State may make regulations conferring functions on the Director General in relation to officers of the Food Standards Agency (the “Agency”) acting in the exercise of functions conferred on them by virtue of— section 114C of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE powers for food crime officers), or section 39A of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 (powers for food crime officers: inferences from silence). Regulations under this section may, in particular— apply (with or without modifications), or make provision similar to, any provision of or made under this Part; make provision for payment by the Agency to, or in respect of, the Office or in respect of the Director General. The Director General and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may jointly investigate a matter in relation to which— the Director General has functions by virtue of this section, and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration has functions by virtue of the