learning points: • Action to be taken on discovery of a fire. • Action to be taken upon hearing the fire alarm. • How to raise the alarm and fire alarm call points. • Correct method of calling the fire brigade. • Escape routes. • Appreciation and importance of fire doors and the need to keep them always closed. • Not to use lifts. • Switching off machinery and isolating energy supplies where appropriate. • Process of informing visitors, contractors of the fire safety arrangements. • Arrangements for persons with a disability. 5.2 Fire Extinguisher Training Fire Marshals and departments that have been deemed at higher risk and will need appropriate number of staff trained in the use of fire extinguishers. Training will include: • Understanding of what to do in the event of a fire • Understand the different types of fire • Understand how to use a fire extinguisher safely and effectively • Practical hands-on experience of tacking a fire with a fire extinguisher • Understand fire extinguishers methods of operation, capabilities and limitations 5.3 Information to Contractors and Visitors All visitors and contractors to Wiltshire Police premises will be informed of the local fire safety arrangements and emergency plan for the building prior to commencing work. This will be available in the station logbook and displayed throughout the building via the fire action notices. Contractors are also required to read the site rules which are also found within the station DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Health and Safety Procedure Owner/Author: Sarah SOMERS, Head of Health and Safety Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: OPCC/Chief Constable Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 25.05.2018 7.0 Data Protection section amended to reflect implementation of GDPR and new DPA 26.04.2018 8.0 Standard review 11.07.2019 9.0 Standard review - no significant changes 05.09.2022 10.0 Standard review Ð move to fire coordinator roles following agile working, additional detail on relevant legislation added Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Occupational Health and Safety Committee (CC chair) 07.09.2022 10.0 JNCC (Not required for all procedures) N/A Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief - - Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers - - Other: (state method here) - - Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this procedure (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Occupational Health and Safety Committee 09.06.2016 7.0 Implications of the Procedure: Training Requirements Training requirements as per section 5 above. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required Template v4 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Firearms and Explosives Licensing Date of Publication: August 2019 Version: 3.0 Next Review Date: March 2023 POLICY STATEMENT The principle of this policy is to ensure that all firearms, shotguns and explosives in the County are licensed in accordance with relevant legislation. The safety of our communities is of paramount importance when considering the issue of firearms to members of the public and