help to deal with an emergency arising from a natural disaster or a major incident. However, assistance is provided on an availability basis and the armed forces cannot make a commitment that guarantees assistance to meet specific emergencies. It is therefore essential that Category 1 and 2 responders do not base plans and organise exercises on the assumption of military assistance. The Joint Regional Liaison Officer from the local Regional Brigade Headquarters will be able to give advice and should be contacted in the first instance. 15.6. Retail companies, including supermarkets: Food stocks and other goods held by private retail companies are sometimes not seen as resources likely to be called upon in emergencies. However, in widespread and prolonged emergencies where shortages of foodstuffs occur, or where individuals are unable to access food supplies due to transport disruption, localised flooding, etc., Category 1 responders may turn to the private sector, such as supermarkets, for practical and logistical assistance, and some will build this into their planning arrangements. Such arrangements already exist in some cases between local authorities, supermarkets and other organisations to assist the local community if a major incident were to occur, but it is important that new links and arrangements with other Category 1 responders are established and in place before any emergency occurs to avoid further disruptions at the time. This should be arranged locally, regionally or nationally with the relevant retailers/wholesalers. More common are agreements with wholesale firms for the provision of, for example, building materials, and the identification of suitable private sector buildings as rest centres. 15.1. 15.7. The Food Standards Agency: The (FSA) has statutory objectives Ôto protect public health from risk which may arise in connection with the consumption of foodÕ and Ôto otherwise protect the interests of consumers in relation to foodÕ. The FSA therefore has a role to play during any emergency that has the potential to affect food safety. The FSA is a UK-wide body, with its main office in London, and offices in York, Aberdeen, Cardiff and Belfast. The response to food incidents is managed by the AgencyÕs Incident Unit, based in London, with smaller equivalent Incident Teams based in the devolved administrations. The FSA does not have representatives at the local level; however, it will provide information and support to LRFs and may attend meetings if input to specific food safety issues is required which cannot be dealt with through correspondence. 15.8. Insurance: There is a strong case for building the insurance industry into planning arrangements. Often insurance staff, such as loss adjusters, will attend at the scene of an emergency as quickly as journalists. The Association of British Insurers provides insurance information and advice to members of the public who have suffered loss or damage as a result of an emergency. They have the capability to set up an advice service close to the scene of an emergency and can provide contacts to act as liaison points with local responders. 15.9. Bus companies and road haulage: Bus