imply that the spiking o#ence does not warrant a full investigation in itself, despite its seriousness. This was how one victim we spoke to was made to feel, despite experiencing a secondary o#ence of serious sexual assault, when she tried to report the spiking: The whole ordeal was horrible. I donÕt want to badmouth the police or the NHS, but the police were really quite rude to me - unnecessarily rude - they said if youÕre not going to talk to us about the assault, then thereÕs not much point speaking to us. (Participant 5) The other four participants had no secondary o#ences that they were aware of (bearing in mind memory loss and confusion is a symptom of spiking), and they had all spent time trying to work out what possible potential motivations the perpetrator may have had for targeting them. Two participants wondered whether the spiking in their cases could have been a homophobic hate crime, but the sample is too small to draw any conclusions. The FOI data in our study showed that secondary o#ending was relatively rare. This "nding was consistent across the forces. Most often, the listed o#ences (178 incidents had a criminal o#ence recorded) were linked directly to the needle spiking itself. In other words, spiking was the primary and sole o#ence Ð spiking was not used as a gateway to commit a di#erent type of crime. Assault was the most frequently used o#ence type Ð usually at the level of ABH (actual bodily harm) or the more serious GBH (grievous bodily harm) (117 incidents, 66% of the 178 incidents where an o#ence type was recorded). This contrasts with what we might see for drink spiking Ð since there is a physical injury with a needle in this form of spiking, it opens up the opportunity for assault charges to be brought. The next most frequent o#ence type was the Ôadministering of poisonÕ, including Ôto administer poison so as to endanger lifeÕ, Ôadminister poison with intent to injure or annoyÕ and Ôadminister poison with intent to commit sexual assaultÕ (42 incidents, 24%). In the small number of linked o#ences that were recorded beyond the spiking itself, these were sexual o#ences (in 13 incidents, 7%), theft (5 incidents, 3%) and criminal damage (1 incident, > 1%). Hence, while there was some secondary o#ending, and some of these were sexual o#ences, looking at needle spiking only through the lens of rape and serious sexual o#ences closes o# other possibilities in understanding the motivations and intentions behind needle spiking. The question of why these o#ences are being committed has not been explored, and the low number of identi"ed perpetrators makes researching perpetrator motives almost impossible. Government enquiries in both England and Wales and in Scotland have concluded that spiking motives remain unknown and there is a need for research: We are not always able to determine the reasons why a perpetrator carries out an assault in this way, and it may not always be for a sexual