is the criminal who matters first, as crimes do not always happen in isolation from each other and criminals can work in networks. It was theorised that by taking a more systematic approach, where certain people are investigated for their criminal activity, not only could more crimes be detected and cleared up, but also future crimes could be prevented. A small number of offenders account for a large number of crimes, so this would be a far more efficient way to address crime. The idea is to look at offending patterns and so assemble as much ‘intelligence’ as possible about certain offenders before police action is taken. That way it can be targeted far more ‘effectively and efficiently’ (Tilley 2003). As with other police innovations, this is the intention behind this method. As we shall see later it may not be the reality. In order to ensure that there is consistency in the approach to intelligence-led policing across the UK, the National Criminal Intelligence Service developed the National Intelligence Model (NIM) on behalf of the Association of Chief Police Officers. It has been rolled out to all police forces in England and Wales since April 2004 and is also being introduced in Scotland. It is primarily a tool of law-enforcement, with a focus on criminals and their crimes and disrupting criminal networks (Tilley 2003, Maguire and John 2006). There are three main levels at which the NIM works: Level 1, covering local issues, including the while range of categories and levels of crime, notably volume crime Level 2, covering cross-border issues, where crime issues cross jurisdictional borders and where intelligence needs to be shared, and Level 3, covering serious and organised come operating on a national or international scale (Tilley 2003: 322) Thus all types of crime are included in the model – it is not just intended for ‘volume’ crime or just for organised crime. At each level is a Tasking and Coordinating Group (TCG), which, using advice from intelligence units and data from analysts, allocates appropriate resources. It is here that the main police ‘business’ takes place, and the TCG is also responsible for achieving the necessary ‘outcomes’. The NIM is a rather complicated model and rather than go into great detail on how it works, I shall quote a helpful summary: [T]he Model splits policing into the two overarching fields of core policing ‘business’ and its required ‘outcomes’. The link between them is the Tasking and Coordinating Process. Tasking and Coordinating operates in two mutually dependent modes, strategic and tactical, and is informed by four key ‘intelligence products’. These, in turn, are based upon nine ‘analytical products’ (or techniques). The key resulting driver is the control strategy, which is addressed through the tactical menu (or set of operational responses). This general structure is replicated at three distinct Levels of policing: Level 1 (local), Level 2 (cross border) and Level 3 (national/international). Mutual dependence is […] apparent, with priorities set at each level ultimately influencing those at the