than any other state in the Northeast United States. It is time for the New Jersey State Legislature to pass a climate change superfund law to hold corporations accountable for climate change. Background While most states around the US have seen increases in temperature around 2.5ºF since 1970, New Jersey has seen a rise of 3.5ºF.1 Dense urban development creating an urban heat island effect is particularly responsible for this vast increase.1 Studies have found that Newark, the largest and most densely populated city in New Jersey, has the second worst urban heat island effect in the US, with an average temperature increase of 8.4ºF, in comparison to what the temperature would be without the effect.2 As a small coastal state that sees jobs and tourism generate $40 billion each year at the shore, increases in temperature uniquely jeopardize New Jersey. While the state generates revenue through the pharmaceutical and financial services industries, New Jersey is most widely recognized for its shore.4 A study by Climate Costs 2040 found that the safeguarding of homes, businesses, and livelihoods under a moderate sea level rise scenario would cost the state $25 billion by 2040.5 This sea level rise would not only affect those at the shore, but also harm communities along the Delaware River and New York Bay as well. Moreover, private insurance companies only cover a small fraction of the damage of climate change, leaving the American taxpayer to pay three times the amount of private insurance to cover the costs of extreme weather events.6 Unless New Jersey starts to invest now, there is no clear way for the state to raise $25 billion to safeguard our cities without causing harm to its citizens. Yet, the top five US-based oil and gas companies have seen record profits since 2021, making more than $250 billion combined.7 This disparity shows the urgent need for policy action to build resilience in our communities. Policy Idea The New Jersey State Legislature should pass a law that creates a Climate Change Superfund under the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP). The law will require companies that significantly contribute to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to pay into a fund that will support climate change resilience and infrastructure initiatives, like flood resistance. It will be the responsibility of the agency to determine who is “responsible” for the damages caused, and how much they will owe. The NJDEP must also proliferate methodologies to calculate how much and who will owe the money to the state. The state must only collect compensatory payments from companies who have emitted more than 1 billion global GHG emissions from 2000 to 2024, and have a physical or economic connection with the state. Policy Analysis This type of policy is novel, and currently, most implementations across states and nations are either in infancy or currently in legal trouble.8 To ascertain the effectiveness of this type of policy, lawmakers should look to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) passed by the