Richard Neal.” 2024. U.S. Representative Richard Neal. https://neal.house.gov/news/docume ntsingle.aspx?DocumentID=3855. Godbout, Ted. 2024. “Senate Finance Leaders Formally Introduce EARN Act.” ASPPA. https://www.asppa- net.org/news/2022/9/senate-finance- leaders-formally-introduce-earn- act/. John, David, Warren Cormier, Zahra Ebrahimi, Pamela Hess, and James Watt. 2023. “The Effect of a Universal Automatic IRA With Emergency Savings on Household Wealth.” https://doi.org/10.26419/ppi.00212. 001. Community Development Financial Institutions and Economic Growth in New York’s I-90 Corridor By Ian Gilenson, icg8@cornell.edu The New York State Legislature should increase funding for Community Development Financial Institutions, stimulating growth in underservered areas along the Interstate-90 Corridor and fueling an economic revival backed by both state and federal resources. Background The Interstate-90 corridor is a key trade and transportation route spanning 385.5 miles across New York State, connecting major upstate economic hubs such as Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Utica, and Albany.1 In 2023, the corridor was selected as one of 31 national technology hubs under President Joe Biden’s ambitious CHIPS (acronym of “Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors”) and Science Act.2 The initiative aims to foster domestic economic modernization by investing in the research and creation of American-made chips for machines like computers, medical devices, and vehicles. Designation as a technology hub creates a federally-backed promise to bring jobs and industry to New York’s I-90. Such action is desperately needed, considering the pandemic resulted in a net loss of nearly 13,000 New York businesses. In a post-Covid world, upstate New York has also had the second largest decline in businesses and is ranked 46 out of 50 states in “dynamism,” a measure of economic mobility and growth.3 But the goals of the CHIPS Act appear as a remedy, aiming to offer $40 million into the region to create semiconductor factories, support preexisting chip manufacturers, and spark small-business development.4 However, the new project faces significant challenges. According to a July 2024 Urban Institute study, business growth in the I-90 corridor remains stagnant, hindered by insufficient government support. Additionally, minority business ownership in this area is minimal, with New York rates trailing other diverse states like Florida, California, and Texas.5 This is a bad omen as little businesses in New York can take advantage of the CHIPS program requirement that some grant money be allocated to minority groups.6 Without targeted financial investment in New York State’s business growth, this federally funded initiative risks becoming a case study for economic mismanagement. Policy Idea New York State legislators should facilitate the expansion of loans for small businesses along the Interstate-90 corridor. To do this, they should fund and deepen access to Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), supporting future growth created by the CHIPS Act. Specifically, CDFIs are certified lending services required to offer a minimum of 60% of their available finances to low, middle-income, or underserved Americans and offer fair, non- predatory interest rates.7 CDFIs receive grants from state and local governments and private donors, permitting them to offer more flexible lending terms to upstate New York businesses.8 This policy should be accomplished via specific grants given to CDFIs looking to expand their