case in which there is an investigation of a complaint in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3— by the appropriate authority on its own behalf, F236... F237(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to provide the complainant with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the investigation is being carried out and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (4). Where subsection (2) applies, it shall be the duty of the [F233Director General] to give the appropriate authority all such directions as [F238the Director General] considers appropriate for securing that that authority complies with its duty under that subsection; and it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to comply with any direction given to it under this subsection. [F239(3A) In any case in which a complaint is being handled— in accordance with paragraph 6(2A) of Schedule 3 otherwise than by the appropriate authority making arrangements for the complaint to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf, or otherwise than in accordance with Schedule 3 (as to which see paragraph 2(6C) of that Schedule), it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to provide the complainant with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the complaint is being handled and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (4).] [F240(4) The matters of which the complainant must be kept properly informed are— the progress of the handling of the complaint; the outcome of the handling of the complaint; any right to apply for a review conferred on the complainant by paragraph 6A or 25 of Schedule 3 (as the case may be); such other matters as may be specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 43 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4A) The generality of subsection (4)(a) and (b) is not affected by any requirement to notify the complainant that is imposed by any other provision of this Part.] The duties imposed by this section on the [F233Director General] and the appropriate authority in relation to any complaint shall be performed in such manner, and shall have effect subject to such exceptions, as may be provided for by regulations made by the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State shall not by regulations provide for any exceptions from the