broadcasters, in order to correct inaccuracies and spot subject areas where additional material would provide better balance in coverage. It can be up and running within 90 minutes and can operate 24 hours a day as required. The NCC will have responsibility both for meeting the needs of the news agenda and managing the delivery of public information and safety advice at a national level. It will be manned by staff from the various affected departments, to ensure effective co-ordination of activities. Where necessary, it may invoke standing protocols with the media to issue Public Safety Information either nationwide or in particular regions. 1 http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource-library/list-lead-government-departments-responsibilities explains more about the role and responsibilities of the 2 lead government department More information about the Central Office of Information News and Public Relations can be found at www.coi.gov.uk 7A.4. 7A.5. Robust communications links will be established with those at the scene and in charge of operations to make sure that strategic and high-level political decisions are based on accurate, up-to-date information. The NCC, or the Assembly Press Office in Wales, may send someone from the team to the site of the incident as a contact point, who can keep those on site in touch with central, political activities and interests. The NCC will not be directly involved in operational decisions on site about media arrangements. However, the central operations team that manages the NCC has, in close co-operation with central government, the devolved administrations, local government, emergency services, utilities and other operators, produced detailed protocols. These cover many logistical aspects of dealing with the sort of massive influx of media organisations into an area which would be generated by a national-level catastrophe. Annex 7 B: Lead responsibility for warning and informing the public Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Arrangements for warning, informing and advising the public, including identification of the lead responder 7B.1. 7B.2. 7B.3. 7B.4. 7B.5. The range of emergencies listed in the first column of the table at the end of this annex, matches the main classification of emergencies in Annex 4B of chapter 4: Local responder risk assessment duty. The remaining columns deal with the following: Suggestions as to the Category 1 responders likely to have a duty to maintain arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public in relation to particular emergencies. Suggestions as to which of those Category 1 responders should take the lead on behalf of the Category 1 responders in maintaining arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public in the initial stages of an emergency. Responsibility may of course transfer from one Category 1 responder to another as the emergency situation develops. Category 1 responders must of course make their own decisions about identifying which will take the role of lead responder in the light of local conditions. They may wish to make a more detailed breakdown of responsibilities, as suggested by the detailed classification of types of hazard in Annex 4B. It is important to recognise that the