February 10, 2015. https://gifted.uconn.edu/schoolwide -enrichment- model/implement_sem/. “SEM Directory—District of Columbia.” Renzulli Center for Creativity, Gifted Education, and Talent Development, June 20, 2019. https://gifted.uconn.edu/schoolwide -enrichment-model/semdirdc2/. 6 News. “Dr. Barbara Sharief Receives Florida Education Association Endorsement.” April 16, 2024. https://www.wate.com/business/pre ss- releases/cision/20240416FL88739/d r-barbara-sharief-receives-florida- education-association- endorsement/. Environmental & Technology Policy Director: Krislyn Michel Assistant Director: Jack Turner Analysts: William Dignam, Noah Duguma, Alix Kerebel, Thej Khanna, Kashyap Rajesh, Harrison Sachs, and Connor Weiss Agricultural Solutions to Water Resource Issues in the American Southwest By William Dignam, wed45@cornell.edu With wildfires and droughts becoming more common in the American Southwest as a result of climate change, developing sustainable agricultural practices and new technologies can help defend against the water issues the region will face. Background Agriculture practices use around 70% of global freshwater resources.1 Current agriculture practices and water resource management face increasing pressure to meet the rising global demand for food sustainably while concurrently conserving water and protecting the environment. Furthermore, certain areas of the world are more prone to drought issues and weather events that affect water resources. The Southwestern United States is particularly vulnerable to drought and water scarcity due to its arid climate and reliance on limited water sources. According to a recent study published in the Nature Climate Change journal the 22-year drought affecting Southwestern North America has been the region's most severe megadrought since at least the year 800 AD.2 The Southwest is home to three main watersheds that stretch across Texas, Arizona, Utah, California, New Mexico, Colorado, Wyoming, and Nevada. The Colorado River watershed is especially significant as it provides water for millions of people, supports large agricultural areas, and sustains ecosystems.3 However, droughts and increasing water demands from urban and agricultural systems are decreasing the river‘s flow rates and depleting its reservoirs.3 The intricate network of watersheds in the Southwest highlights the need for collaborative water management practices and technologies among Southwestern states to allocate water resources equitably and efficiently. Innovative solutions, such as improving irrigation methods using analysis tools, utilizing AI and machine learning for resource efficiency, addressing water adoption, drought-resistant crop varieties, and investing in water recycling and desalination technologies, are essential to address the region‘s water challenges. Using these and other agricultural technologies in the Southwest and the rest of the United States will drastically improve water resources. Policy Idea Congress could enact a comprehensive Southwest Agricultural Innovation and Resilience Program (SAIRP), which combines federal and state efforts under a single, unified framework. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) would manage a $5 billion federal loan and grant initiative to fund this program. It would provide federal backing targeting innovative companies in Silicon Valley, such as vertical farming start-ups like Plenty and Bowery Farming, and agri-tech leaders like John Deere, as well as large agricultural ventures in the Southwest, including groups like Driscoll‘s Farms that specialize in water conservation.4,5 The program would allocate funding to businesses developing water- efficient irrigation systems, drought-resistant crop varieties, and advanced soil health monitoring technologies, supporting the development and