their right to be allowed a break in any interview which lasts for more than two hours; (e) that the interview is being recorded; (f) that they will be given a notice about what will happen to the recording media; and (g) of the likely length of the interview. (h) For the purpose of voice identification the appropriate officer should ask the interviewee, and any other people present, to identify themselves. (i) If the interviewee is deaf or is suspected of having impaired hearing, the appropriate officer or the person assisting should make a written note of the interview, at the same time as the recording. (j) If the interviewee indicates that they want to tell an appropriate officer about matters not directly connected with the case and that they are unwilling for these matters to be recorded, the person should be given the opportunity to tell the appropriate officer at the end of the interview. Objections and complaints by the suspect 227. If the interviewee raises objections to the interview being recorded either at the outset or during the interview or during a break in the interview, the person conducting the interview should explain the fact that the interview is being recorded and that the provisions of this Code require that the intervieweeÕs objections should be recorded. When any objections have been recorded or the interviewee has refused to have their objections recorded, the person conducting the interview has the option of turning off the recorder. If the person conducting the interview decides to do so,they should say that they are turning off the recorder, give their reasons for doing so and then turn it off. The person conducting the interview should then make a written record of the interview. If, however, the person conducting the interview reasonably considers that they may proceed to put questions to the interviewee with the recorder still on, the person conducting the interview may do so. 187. Changing recording media 228. When the recorder indicates that the recording media have only a short time left to run, the person conducting the interview must tell the interviewee that the recording media are coming to an end and round off that part of the interview. If the person conducting the interview wishes to continue the interview but does not already have a second set of recording media, they should obtain a set. The interviewee should not be left unattended in the interview room. The person conducting the interview should remove the recording media from the recorder and insert the new recording media, which, if practicable, should be unwrapped or otherwise opened in the intervieweeÕs presence. The recorder should then be set to record on the new recording media. Care should be taken, particularly when a number of sets of recording media have been used, to ensure that there is no confusion between them. This may be done by marking the recording media with an identification number immediately after they are removed from the recorder. Taking