and what he ought to have known, are the same as they were in relation to what was contemplated or reasonably foreseeable at the time of the aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring.” This section has effect in relation to any aiding, abetting, counselling or procuring that takes place after the coming into force of this section. F9345 Addresses of directors and secretaries of companies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Advertisements relating to prostitution Placing of advertisement relating to prostitution A person commits an offence if— Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 37 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes he places on, or in the immediate vicinity of, a public telephone an advertisement relating to prostitution, and he does so with the intention that the advertisement should come to the attention of any other person or persons. For the purposes of this section, an advertisement is an advertisement relating to prostitution if it— is for the services of a prostitute, whether male or female; or indicates that premises are premises at which such services are offered. In any proceedings for an offence under this section, any advertisement which a reasonable person would consider to be an advertisement relating to prostitution shall be presumed to be such an advertisement unless it is shown not to be. A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or both. In this section— “public telephone” means— any telephone which is located in a public place and made available for use by the public, or a section of the public, and where such a telephone is located in or on, or attached to, a kiosk, booth, acoustic hood, shelter or other structure, that structure; and “public place” means any place to which the public have or are permitted to have access, whether on payment or otherwise, other than— any place to which children under the age of 16 years are not permitted to have access, whether by law or otherwise, and any premises which are wholly or mainly used for residential purposes. F94. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .