following standard are acceptable: • the bolt work can be either lever or key • along the opening edge, driving a minimum of 3 bolts, set equally spaced down that edge; • there should be a minimum of 1 bolt operating along the top; • where the door has a bottom channel forming part of the frame, a minimum of one bolt operating along the bottom; iii) the bolt work may include driven bolts acting as hinge bolts down the hanging side of the door. The number of such driven bolts must be the same as on a door with fixed hinge bolts; iv) the bolts must be of good quality steel, not less than 20mm by 30mm cross or 25mm diameter round bar. The bolts must pass not less than 20mm behind the frame when operated; v) the bolts must be installed in steel pockets constructed and fitted to the standard for lock pockets provided in paragraph 49 below, either: • on a 10mm plate door, in at least 2 steel carriers constructed from 50mm by 10mm steel angle continuously welded to the door plate or • on a 6mm steel door with framing, the outer carrier may be the existing angle with a 6mm reinforcing plate welded continuously to the inner face of the angle and extending at least 25mm above and below the bolt slot top and bottom edges. vi) where round bolts are fitted, the steel angle should be not less than 60mm on that side through which the bolts pass; vii) the bolt work must be secured by two locks of the types specified in paragraph 37 or in (d)(I) or (ii) above, engaging into the driving bars at two separate locations within the driving linkage. It must effectively detain the whole of the linkage in the locked position when operated. The locks to be fitted in reinforced pockets, welded to the interior of the door. 49. Locks must be enclosed in steel lock pockets that are continuously welded to the door. The two side plates should have a thickness of 6mm. The top and bottom edges should be steel blocks which are of a size to allow the lock to fit snugly into the pocket and provide sufficient height for the lock screws to be tapped into them. 50. Lock pockets should be positioned as close as possible to the vertical edge of the door, while permitting the door to be opened without obstruction. When in the thrown position, the bolt of the lock should pass into a hole cut for this purpose in the steel angle stiffener fitted to the adjacent part of the surround of 8. the door. The size of the hole should be such that it forms a snug fitting for the lock bolt and does not permit any movement of the door when locked. 51. Where a Banham, Chubb or Erebus lock is fitted, it must be protected by an anti-drilling plate. This plate can be built into the