fine, and (c) stating the name and last known address of the offender. (2) The chief officer of police issuing a registration certificate must cause it to be sent to the designated officer for the local justice area in which the offender appears to the chief officer to reside. (3) The designated officer for a local justice area in receipt of a registration certificate mustÑ (a) register the amount for enforcement as a fine in that area by entering it in the register of a magistratesÕ court acting for that area, or (b) if it appears to the designated officer that the offender does not reside in that area, cause the certificate to be sent to the person appearing to the officer to be the designated officer for the local justice area in which the offender resides. (4) A designated officer registering an amount under this section for enforcement as a fine must give the offender notice of the registration whichÑ (a) specifies the amount registered, and (b) gives the information with respect to the financial penalty, and the authority for registration, that was included in the registration certificate. (5) If an amount is registered in a magistratesÕ court as a result of this section, any enactment referring (in whatever terms) to a fine imposed, or other sum adjudged to be paid, on conviction by such a court applies as if the registered amount were a fine imposed by that court on the conviction of the offender on the date on which the amount was registered. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 125 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Commencement Information I190 S. 112 not in force at Royal Assent, see s. 208(1) 113 Enforcement of financial penalties: court proceedings (1) This section applies where, in any proceedings for the enforcement of an amount registered under this section, the person against whom the proceedings are taken claimsÑ (a) not to be the person to whom the community caution was given, (b) to have paid the amount that was required to be paid, or (c) to have a reasonable excuse for not paying. (2) The court may adjourn the proceedings, on one or more occasions, for the purpose of allowing the claim to be investigated, but must not adjourn for more than 28 days in total. (3) The court must accept a claim under subsection (1)(a) or (b) unless it is shown, on the balance of probabilities, that the claim is unfounded. (4) Where a court