and citizens, police investigations, and organizational effects (Lum et al. 2019). A recent comprehensive review of research on BWCs, conducted by Lum and colleagues (2019), identified seventy studies, sixteen of which specifically measured officers’ reported use of force as MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 153 a dependent variable. These studies report inconsistent findings concerning the impact of BWCs on officers’ use of force. Specifically, multiple experimental studies indicate that officers wearing cameras used significantly less force com- pared to those who did not wear cameras. yet several other studies using experi- mental and quasi-experimental designs found no statistical differences among officers wearing cameras and those who do not. One particular study provides important insight regarding these mixed find- ings. Ariel and colleagues (2016) conducted a subgroup analysis of ten rand- omized control trials examining BWCs to better understand why BWCs did not statistically impact officers’ use of force in a single direction. They conclude that officers are more likely to use higher levels of force when turning BWCs on dur- ing a citizen encounter is left to their discretion. While this finding offers an interesting nuance related to the impact of BWCs on use of force, few research studies have tracked the activation of cameras. Therefore, it is unclear whether these findings would be replicated elsewhere (Lum et al. 2019). Collectively, this research suggests that simply outfitting officers with BWCs is insufficient to significantly reduce police use of force. Rather, it is likely that deployment of the cameras needs to be coupled with strong policies and super- visory oversight to achieve maximum benefits in reducing use of force. It also remains unclear what impact, if any, BWCs could expect to have on reducing fatal police encounters, which are significantly less likely than other uses of force. Indeed, in the case of the uCPD, the introduction of BWCs did not decrease officers’ use of force or the likelihood of a fatal police-citizen encounter. It did, however, capture video of the fatal police-citizen encounter (Noble 2015). Rather than bring clarity to that incident, the video footage demonstrated that citizens (and competing experts) could watch the same images yet have significantly dif- ferent interpretations regarding the legitimacy and legality of the use of force. Indeed, Tensing’s two separate murder trials resulted in hung jury decisions where the primary piece of evidence was the body camera footage (grasha 2017). Use-of-force/de-escalation policies and training A primary recommendation for police reform has been the incorporation of use-of-force/de-escalation policies and training within law enforcement. Many law enforcement leaders supporting the adoption of de-escalation training espouse that these techniques can help to resolve police-citizen encounters with less frequent and severe uses of force and, thereby, also increase officer safety. Notably, de-escalation tactics and training received an endorsement from the President’s Task Force; and more recently, the National Consensus Policy on use of Force (International Association of Chiefs of Police 2017, 3) encouraged offic- ers to use de-escalation techniques “whenever possible or appropriate before resorting to force.” De-escalation policies and