by subject matter experts and experienced, skilled practitioners with the support of the National Crime Agency and College of Policing. They are reference material endorsed by the National Policing Lead for Investigative Interviewing. Prepared statements Urgent interviews Witness intermediaries Sentencing guidelines TICs (taken into consideration) Truth and lies DNA and fingerprints Interview supporters Interviewing child witnesses in major crime Defence witnesses Remote monitoring Self-administered interview tool Use of polygraphs Necessity to arrest Voluntary interviews Pre-interview briefings Back to Investigative interviewing overview Tags Investigation Investigative interviewing Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 2025 asp 5 The Bill for this Act of the Scottish Parliament was passed by the Parliament on 15th January 2025 and received Royal Assent on 4th March 2025 An Act of the Scottish Parliament to make provision about a code of ethics and a duty of candour for the police; to make provision about vetting of constables and police staff; to make provision about procedures for misconduct and the consequences of certain conduct by constables; to make provision about the functions of the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner; and to make provision for a board to advise the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner. References to Acts 1 Meaning of Ò2006 ActÓ and Ò2012 ActÓ In this ActÑ (a) the Ò2006 ActÓ means the Police, Public Order and Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 2006, (b) the Ò2012 ActÓ means the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012. Ethics of the police 2 Code of ethics (1) The 2012 Act is amended as follows. (2) In Part 1, after Chapter 4, insertÑ (1) 2 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 4A Ð Code of ethics Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. ÒCHAPTER 4A CODE OF ETHICS 36A Code of ethics (1) The chief constable must prepare a code of ethics for the Police Service (to be known as Òthe Code of Ethics for Policing in ScotlandÓ) as soon as is reasonably practicable after section 2 of the Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 comes into force. (2) The code of ethics is a code which sets out the values of the Police Service and expectations relating to the conduct and practice of its constables and of police staff. (3) The chief constable must involve the Authority in the preparation of the code of ethics and the Authority must provide the chief constable with such assistance as the chief constable may reasonably require in that regard. (4) In preparing the code of ethics, the chief constable must have regard toÑ (a) the policing principles set out in section 32, (b) the standards of behaviour referred to in section 52(2)(a)(i), (c) the European Code of Police Ethics adopted as Recommendation Rec(2001)10