you when holding a confidential conversation. In addition, messages containing sensitive Policing information must not be left on voicemail and answering machines. When sending or receiving sensitive information by facsimile, you must ensure that the information is not compromised. Always check the recipient facsimile number to ensure that it is correct before sending information. Ensure that the information is collected immediately from the facsimile. Ensure that all sensitive information sent by facsimile is destroyed when no longer needed. With regard to mobile phones, the following measures must be adopted: • The business use of mobile phones is regulated in line with this policy and the Wiltshire Police Force Laptop, Tablet and Mobile Phone Acceptable Use Agreement; • Force issued mobile phones are provided for Wiltshire Police and OPCC business use. Excessive personal use of Force mobile phones is not permitted (to be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use); • Telephones should not be left unattended and insecure; • Mobile Phones unused for 90 days will be wiped. If the mobile phone is still required following this provision the officer/member of staff must request a new phone; • Telephones should not be used for sensitive conversations. Where practicable, work and personal mobile telephones are forbidden from areas where highly sensitive information is discussed on a regular basis. 22.4 Airwave Radios The conditions of use for Airwave radios is detailed in the Airwave Security Operating Procedure (SyOPs). No departure from or amendment to the SyOPs is permitted. All authorised users of Airwave radios have a personal responsibility for the preservation of the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and information / communications systems / devices entrusted to them. Once issued, whether on a long or short-term basis, users of Airwave radios become directly responsible for the for the physical security of the radio and any ancillary equipment. Equipment loss / compromise has the potential to endanger Wiltshire Police communications and the communications of other Airwave Service subscribers. 22.4.1 User Responsibilities Once issued with an Airwave Radio, the following key responsibilities are transferred: • In the event of a radio being lost, stolen or showing evidence of tampering, it must be reported as soon as is practicable to the Divisional Radio Custodian, or out of normal duty hours, to the Force Critical Incident Manager or Force Operations Room Supervisor. In addition to this, a 232 report must be submitted to Line Manager outlining the exact circumstances of the loss for further investigation. • Holders must ensure that when the radio is not in use it is powered down, returned to secure storage at the end of each duty period, never left unattended and if unserviceable, returned directly to the Divisional Radio Custodian. • Annual audits will be conducted on all personally issued radios and when requested to do so, holders must confirm they are still in possession of the asset. Failure to do so may result in the radio being disabled on the network as a security