New York state government should modify existing legislation. Articles 2510 and 2588 of New York State education law require teachers with the least seniority, including years of substitute and paraprofessional experience, to be laid off first in the case of a position termination.4,5 State legislators should modify the sections of these statutes describing layoff policy to eliminate seniority as the first line of discretion in determining which teacher to lay off in the case of a position termination. In order to replace this first consideration for termination, a task force should be assembled to find another consideration with more research backing from New York communities. Policy Analysis While the post-pandemic educational era is like nothing observed before, those working in school hiring policy can look to the Great Recession as a reference, since it was the latest period of mass layoffs to date.7 States and districts had to determine how to lay off teaching staff while limiting the impact on students, and this practice will likely continue following the ESSER financial cliff. States who did not use seniority- based layoffs were found to significantly increase high-school graduation rates in the long term, compared with those who did not10. When school districts were forced to look beyond seniority, they had to investigate other measures of teacher quality. New York State currently evaluates teacher performance through principal ratings, but research finds a positive slant too extreme to accurately determine real impact from most principal evaluations.11 Value-added measures, uses changes in test scores to link the presence of a given teacher to a given student’s improvement. These measures have strong research backing, with teachers who score highly on short-term value-added measures being linked to students’ increased college attendance and socioeconomic mobility later in life.12 However, policymakers must note that this measure is purely correlative and sensitive to external community factors outside of the teacher.13 A more sophisticated primary measure is necessary, but should be determined with thorough consideration. Through promptly beginning research on impactful teacher factors, New York can protect early-career and underrepresented educators and eliminate seniority as the foremost argument in personnel decisions sooner rather than later. Highlights Approximately 20% of COVID-19 K-12 emergency funding, which will run out in the coming years, was allocated toward paying staff.1 New York’s “first-in, last-out” mandates unfairly impact disadvantaged schools by disproportionately increasing already-rampant teacher turnover.7,8 Removing reverse-seniority layoff mandates would protect early-career educators, and, in turn, protect the diversity of the teacher workforce.6. Other estimates of teacher quality (such as value added measures and principal evaluations) are adequate, but this policy should also include provisions for increased research on impactful teacher factors. Implementation New York State should pass a bill to amend education statutes to omit the mandate of seniority-based layoffs within the upcoming legislative session. This legislative change will limit the immediate disproportionate quantity of post- ESSER layoffs on newer educators. To convince lawmakers to reform the statutes, advocates can develop and present case studies based on the successes of any of the