the time of the conduct, the child is a United Kingdom national whoÑ (i) has been habitually resident in England and Wales, and (ii) is not habitually resident or domiciled in Scotland or Northern Ireland.] (8) ÒUK nationalÓ means an individual who isÑ (a) a British citizen, a British overseas territories citizen, a British National (Overseas) or a British Overseas citizen; (b) a person who under the British Nationality Act 1981 is a British subject; or (c) a British protected person within the meaning of that Act. (9) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F66the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] or to a fine or both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 years. (10) In relation to an offence committed before [F672 May 2022], the reference to [F68the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] in subsection (9)(a) is to be read as a reference to six months. 102 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 10 Ð Forced marriage CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 122 [F69Offence of forced marriage or forced civil partnership: Scotland] (1) A person commits an offence under the law of Scotland if he or sheÑ (a) uses violence, threats or any other form of coercion for the purpose of causing another person to enter into a marriage [F70or civil partnership], and (b) believes, or ought reasonably to believe, that the conduct may cause the other person to enter into the marriage [F70or civil partnership] without free and full consent. (2) In relation to a victim who is incapable of consenting to marriage [F71or civil partnership] by reason of mental disorder, the offence under subsection (1) is capable of being committed by any conduct carried out for the purpose of causing the victim to enter into a marriage [F71or civil partnership] (whether or not the conduct amounts to violence, threats or any other form coercion). (3) A person commits an offence under the law of Scotland if he or sheÑ (a) practises any form of deception with the intention of causing another person to leave the United Kingdom, and (b) intends the other person to be subjected to conduct outside the United Kingdom that is an offence under subsection (1) or would be an offence under that subsection if the victim were in Scotland. (4) ÒMarriageÓ means any religious or civil ceremony of marriage (whether