resources of your organisation. Effective problem solving is finding pinch points that can be changed by responses that can be implemented in a reasonable time frame, but that also have a sustained impact. Analysis tools Two tools can help to break down your problem and structure your analysis. These are: the problem analysis triangle crime scripts Problem analysis triangle Problem analysis triangles can help to structure the analysis of your local problem. ? Video Transcript The inner triangle refers to three conditions that must occur for a crime to take place. These are: the presence of an equipped o?ender the equipped o?ender being in contact with an accessible victim at the same time the equipped o?ender and accessible victim being in a location where there is no adequate guardianship The middle triangle refers to those in a position to prevent crime by: guarding those who are potential victims inhibiting (handling) the person(s) engaging in crime overseeing (managing) locations in ways that reduce the opportunities for crimes to occur The outermost triangle relates to so-called super controllers. Super controllers are those able to apply levers to relevant handlers, guardians or place managers, to persuade them to act in ways that will lessen or eliminate a particular problem. Crime scripts A crime script refers to the stages needed for an offence to be committed. ? Video Transcript All crimes have a beginning, middle and end, with offenders making separate decisions at different stages in the crime commission process. Scripts can be useful when problem solving. They can help to: break down problems into the sequence of actions adopted before, during and after an o?ence identify a fuller range of preventive pinch points where you might direct your problem-solving responses There is no set method for devising a crime script. Police data, investigation files, and interviews with offenders and victims can all help to create a script that reflects your local circumstances. Other data sources might also help you to analyse the crime commission process. Assessment Assessment forms the final stage of the SARA problem-solving process. It's evaluation to determine whether the: response has worked out as intended problem has been removed, reduced or unintentionally aggravated ? Video Transcript There are two main purposes of assessment in problem solving. Assessment helps: to determine whether a problem persists following the implementation of responses Ð knowing this can help you decide whether further problem-solving e?orts to address the selected problem are needed with learning lessons for the future Ð understanding your problem-solving e?orts can inform your future work and contribute to the wider evidence base about what is and is not e?ective in your problem ? Video Transcript For the first purpose of assessment, it may be enough to know whether your local crime problem is persisting, regardless of whether your problem-solving work was responsible for any observed reductions. For the second purpose of assessment, we need to know much more, including whether it was what you did that led to a decrease in crime