or chief constable in question, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign; and shall not be required to give the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or the chief constable a written explanation of the authority’s grounds for calling upon him to retire or to resign, to give him an opportunity to make representations to it or to consider any representations made by him. (4B) In this section “the Commissioner” means the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and “the Deputy Commissioner” means the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (4C) In this section a reference to the police authority concerned, in relation to a chief constable, is to the police authority which maintains the police force of which he is chief constable.” Subsection (5) (application to senior officers in the metropolitan police) shall cease to have effect. Regulations concerning procedure for removal of senior officers After section 42 of the 1996 Act, there shall be inserted— “42A Procedure in relation to removal of senior officers The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the procedure to be followed in the exercise of any power conferred or duty imposed by section 9E, 11 or 42. 86 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 3 – Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and such other persons as he thinks fit. Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” Disciplinary proceedings and protected disclosures Disciplinary regulations for special constables In section 51 of the 1996 Act (regulations for special constables), in subsection (2), after paragraph (b) there shall be inserted— “(ba) the conduct of special constables and the maintenance of discipline;”. Conduct of disciplinary proceedings Without prejudice to the generality of any of the powers conferred by sections 50 and 51 of the 1996 Act (regulations for police forces and for special constables), regulations under each of those sections may make provision— for conferring a right to bring and conduct, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any disciplinary proceedings on the [F396Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct]; for conferring a right to participate in, or to be present at, disciplinary