fitted with a shorter barrel. 2.64 Section 7(2) of the 1988 Act provides that a weapon which: a) has at any time since the coming into force of section 2 of the 1988 Act (which required a firearm certificate for certain types of shot gun) been a weapon to which section 1 of the 1968 applies; or b) would at any previous time have been such a weapon had the 1988 Act been in force, shall, if it has, or at any time has had, a rifled barrel of less than 24 inches be a section 1 firearm, irrespective of any work done to convert it into a shot gun or an air weapon. 2.65 However, section 7(3) of the 1988 Act exempts from the provisions of section 7(2) any firearm where the barrel has been shortened by a registered firearms dealer for the sole purpose of replacing part of it so as to produce a barrel not less than 24 inches in length. This allows firearms dealers to cut off from a rifled barrel which is 24 inches or greater in length a damaged or worn part, drill out the rifling from the remaining part of the barrel and add a smooth-bored section so as to produce a barrel not less than 24 inches in length. 2.66 This exemption refers only to guns that have at some time had barrels less than 24 inches in length solely by virtue of such work having been carried out by a registered firearms dealer. Guns which have at any time had a barrel less than 24 inches in length for some other reason cannot benefit from this exemption even if they are subsequently shortened again by a registered firearms dealer for the purpose stated. This covers the conversion of firearms and does not impinge on the destruction of a firearm by a dealer cutting it into pieces, including the barrels. 19 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 3: Prohibited Weapons and Ammunition 3.1 This chapter defines weapons and ammunition prohibited under the terms of section 5 of the 1968 Act. It explains the arrangements whereby the Secretary of State grants authorities for possessing section 5 weapons and ammunition, and the various exemptions from the requirement to possess this authority. Where this chapter refers to an authority of the Secretary of State, that authority is exercised by the Scottish Ministers in or as regards Scotland Definitions 3.2 Sections 5(1) and 5(1A) of the 1968 Act, make it unlawful to purchase, acquire or possess, without the authority of the Secretary of State, any prohibited weapon or ammunition. There are additional offences under section 5(2A) covering the unlawful manufacture, sale or transfer of any prohibited weapon or ammunition, the unlawful possession of prohibited weapons or ammunition for sale or transfer, and the unlawful purchase or acquisition of prohibited weapons or ammunition for sale or transfer. 3.3 Those weapons and ammunition which are prohibited consist of: i) any firearm which is so designed or adapted that