the theft or loss, deactivation or destruction of any firearms to which this certificate relates and/or the theft or loss of ammunition to which this certificate relates; (iii) the certificate holder must, without undue delay, notify any change of permanent address to the chief officer of police who granted the certificate; (iv) a fourth condition relates to the safe custody of firearms and ammunition and is as follows: a) the firearms and ammunition to which the certificate relates must at all times (except in the circumstances set out in paragraph b) below) be stored securely so as to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, access to the firearms or ammunition by an unauthorised person; b) where a firearm or ammunition to which the certificate relates is in use or the holder of the certificate has the firearm with him/her for the purpose of cleaning, repairing or testing it or for some other purpose in connection with its use, transfer or sale, or the firearm or ammunition is in transit to or from such a place in connection with its 77 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law use or for any other purpose, reasonable precautions must be taken for the safe custody of the firearms or ammunition; c) where the holder of the certificate is under the age of eighteen, arrangements must be in place for ensuring that either the holderÕs parent or guardian or a person aged eighteen or over who is authorised under the principal Act to have possession of such firearms and ammunition to which the certificate relates assumes responsibility for the secure storage requirements set out at a) above. 10.9 See also Chapter 18 concerning the security of firearms and ammunition. Conditions attached by chief officers of police 10.10 Section 27(2) of the 1968 Act gives the chief officer of police powers to attach conditions to firearm certificates where necessary. In the case of 'R v Wakefield Crown Court ex parte Oldfield (1978)' the court gave expression to the common law requirement that a person must exercise individual judgement in all cases. Section 29(1) of the 1968 Act gives the chief officer power to vary, by a notice in writing, any such condition not prescribed by the rules made by the Secretary of State. The notice may require the holder to deliver the certificate to the chief officer within twenty-one days for the purpose of amending the conditions. The certificate may be revoked if the holder fails to comply with such a requirement. 10.11 Possible conditions which may be applied are listed at Appendix 3 as a guide to firearms licensing officers. They should only be used, where the individual circumstances require it for public safety. Exceptionally, chief officers of police may impose other conditions appropriate to individual circumstances. As the courts have held ('R v Cambridge Crown Court ex parte Buckland, 1998') that there is no right of appeal against the imposition of conditions (as opposed to a refusal to grant or renew a certificate) chief