no photographs are taken in the mortuary unless authorised Pathologist A pathologist examines deceased persons or human remains and ensures that relevant data is recorded on the pink post-mortem form. The pathologist’s main objectives are to: ascertain cause of death gather evidence for criminal investigation contribute towards gathering identification evidence The pathologist may take samples for histology and DNA analysis and undertake an autopsy when authorised to do so by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal. Careful consideration should be given to obtaining this information by non-invasive examination, such as CT scanning. It is important that those involved in the care of the deceased recognise the emotional impact that taking histology samples may have on the victims’ families, especially when taking samples from children. This should only be carried out following careful consideration. Pathologist responsibilities It is the pathologist’s responsibility to ensure recording of: external injuries and the position of injuries and/or burns a description and arrangement of traumas, fractures, internal bleeding and any upper respiratory issues old surgical procedures and internal implants, for example pacemakers any anatomical particularities The SIM or SIO will liaise with HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal around the level of pathology required. HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal will be responsible for appointing a lead forensic pathologist. Additional pathologists may be appointed to support the investigation and identification process. Anatomical pathology technologist The anatomical pathology technologist (APT) has an important role in the mass fatality incident. They should be familiar with the mortuary environment, as well as the procedures and risks there. The APT assists pathologists at the post-mortem examination and assists police during the DVI process. They are experienced in handling bodies and removing clothing and other items during strip and search. APTs are also skilled in reconciling body parts and reconstructing the deceased. They prepare the deceased for viewing and release the bodies at the end of the DVI process. Local authorities Local authorities may have agreements with private sector organisations to support the response to a mass fatality incident. Any such arrangements should be incorporated into local or regional mass fatality plans. Local authorities are responsible for providing: an executive oﬃcer to attend the SCG a suitably desingated oﬃcer to support the MFCG immediate shelter and welfare support for survivors at a survivor reception centre emergency mortuary capability if existing mortuary provision is exceeded inspection of dangerous structures to ensure they are safe for emergency personnel to enter support for traﬃc management emergency transport facilities for evacuees, survivors and casualties medium-to-long-term welfare of survivors and the bereaved (for example, setting up survivor reception centres, evacuation and humanitarian assistance centres, and social care support) specialist environmental and public health advice coordination of activities of involved voluntary sector agencies and spontaneous volunteers facilities for waste disposal and facilitation of remediation and reoccupation of aﬀected sites or areas assistance in organising plant, demolition and site clearance facilities and emergency accommodation and care for the displaced or homeless Multi-agency partners Various agencies and organisations (private and voluntary) may