of, the Office or in respect of the Director General. The Director General and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may jointly investigate a matter in relation to which— the Director General has functions by virtue of this section, and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration has functions by virtue of the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. An officer of the Agency may disclose information to the Director General or to a person acting on the Director General’s behalf, for the purposes of the exercise by the Director General or by any person acting on the Director General’s behalf, of an Agency complaints function. The Director General and the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration may disclose information to each other for the purposes of the exercise of a function— by virtue of this section, or under the Parliamentary Commissioner Act 1967. Regulations under this section may, in particular, make— further provision about the disclosure of information under subsection (4) or (5); provision about the further disclosure of information that has been so disclosed. A disclosure of information authorised by this section does not breach— any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). But this section does not authorise a disclosure of information that— would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether a disclosure would do so, the power conferred by this section is to be taken into account), or is prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016. In this section— “Agency complaints function” means a function in relation to the exercise of functions by officers of the Agency; Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 63 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “data protection legislation” has the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 3 of that Act).] [F32726F The Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery The Director General and the ICRIR may enter into an agreement for the establishment, in relation to ICRIR officers, of procedures corresponding or similar to those provided for by or under this Part. Where no such agreement is in force, the Secretary of State may by regulations establish such procedures. An agreement under this section must not be made, varied or terminated except with the approval of the Secretary of State. Before making regulations under this section the Secretary of State must consult— the Director General; and the ICRIR. Nothing in any other statutory provision prevents the ICRIR from carrying