community policing agencies have not reduced their use of law enforcements statistics in measuring officer performance, but merely added more qualitative measures to the assessment process. This would suggest that even in those police agencies that embrace community policing, the traditional policing methods and ethos have not diminished to the extent that they are devalued in the appraisal process. Lilley and Hinduja (2006) are unsure if the above is due to organisational resistance, or more to a lack of motivation on the part of administrative officers to significantly alter the appraisal system. Pino and Wiatrowski (2006) argue that, for whatever reason, few police organisations in the US have truly embraced the overall organisational change that community policing invites and not much other than the status quo is a result. This may mean that any significant changes to the police institution to bring it more in line with the community policing ideology (such as in training and appraisal) will be difficult to achieve. Pino and Wiatrowski feel that this is happening in spite of dramatic organisational changes in other segments of the public and private sector. Even if individual officers can overcome the usual cultural resistance to community policing (Chappell 2007) (such as seeing it as social work, middle managers fearing losing authority, conflicts with established expectations of police work) the organisation itself does not always change in ways to fully support officers in their community work (such as by providing adequate resources for it or valuing it in performance assessments). To truly embrace the ethos of community orientated policing, the entire institution needs to change to one orientated around the community it serves, and so far this does not seem to be happening in the US (Skogan 2006, Pino and Wiatrowski 2006, see also Manning 2007). Thus a picture emerges where community policing is either sitting alongside the traditional model of policing (and is often in conflict with it), or is merely providing window-dressing for the continued status quo. NEIGHBOURHOOD POLICING As mentioned above, community orientated policing has been in practice in the UK for a number of years. However, since The Police Reform Act of 2002 the central government has given it a new impetus, a new theoretical underpinning, as well as a new name. Could this be enough to end the mere lip service often paid to COP (as seems to be the case in some areas of the US) to make it truly an integral part of policing, the ‘golden thread’ that runs throughout what the police do (Herrington and Millie 2006)? This next section will explore some of the literature produced so far on this development. Since the mid-1990s, overall levels of recorded crime have been falling in England and Wales. It was also just before and during this time that the police adopted their New Public Management approach to policing that put ‘efficiency and effectiveness’ to the fore. The result was that volume crimes (such as burglary and theft) were prioritised, as they would produce