with not less that 38mm x 9mm cross section bolts; a lock on the HELA Tech doc 26/95; security padlocks not less than CEN 4; c) configured to enclose weapon action and trigger(s); d) provided with at least two fixing points to allow fixing devices not less than 10mm diameter being used. Cable Locks 22. Flexible or semi-rigid devices for the secure fastening of single weapons which provide the restraint equal to: a) spun steel security cables, not less than 8 mm diameter excluding any sleeve; b) fitted with integral anchorage plate suitable for fastening with non-return security fixings; c) secured by a close fitting padlock not less than CEN 3 up to CEN 4 or in-built security locking device. a) Gun Enclosure 23. The adaptation of an existing enclosure within the fabric of a building which may be considered to be suitable for the security of the firearms, shotguns and ammunition where: a) the enclosure is not to be formed by any walls being of timber and/or plasterboard construction (studded wall) unless the area has been rendered secure to standards similar to the recommendations in paragraph 29 below; b) the door fitted is constructed either as: i) a security class, laminated or solid timber core door of not less than 44mm thickness; or or ii) a timber door lined with sheet steel not less than 16swg, the sheet to be folded round the locking edge of the door and secured to the door structure with non-return screws or dome head bolts if externally lined, or steel screws if internally lined. The fixings to be not more than 125mm apart. 24. Hung on good quality hinges. A minimum of two in the case of half height and three if a full height door is fitted. 25. If the door is outward opening, hinge bolts must be fitted sufficient to retain the door in the event of an attack on the exposed hinge pins. 26. To be secured by: a) two mortice locks to at least BS3621 Ð 2017 or its equivalent; b) two lockÕs from the HELA Tech doc 26/5; c) driven bolt/multi point locking system, either key or lever operated, providing: i) three bolts operating equally along the opening edge or opening edge, top and bottom; ii) the bolts to provide resistance equal to that in BS3621-2017; iii) lever driven system to be secured by a lock to BS3621-2017 27. Long plate lock boxes, or a 1.6mm (16swg) thick bolt protection strip to be fitted to the frame on the opening side. 28. If the ceiling of the enclosure is accessible from a vulnerable area, e.g. a loft, its security should be enhanced by the fitting of an expanded metal mesh, not less than 4mm (8swg) or equivalent. The mesh/grill section size to prevent any of the contents being removed. Secured to the walls of the enclosure or if an alarm is fitted, protected by a device for detecting an attack on the mesh. 8. Gun Room 29. The