Further guidance on fire risks is given in Part 2, Section 1. 3.3 Remove or reduce the hazards Having identified the fire hazards in Step 1, you now need to remove those hazards if reasonably practicable to do so. If you cannot remove the hazards, you need to take reasonable steps to reduce them if you can. This is an essential part of fire risk assessment and as a priority this must take place before any other actions. Ensure that any actions you take to remove or reduce fire hazards or risk are not substituted by other hazards or risks. For example, if you replace a flammable substance with a toxic or corrosive one, you must consider whether this might cause harm to people in other ways. Remove or reduce sources of ignition There are various ways that you can reduce the risk caused by potential sources of ignition, for example: • Wherever possible replace a potential ignition source by a safer alternative. • Replace naked flame and radiant heaters with fixed convector heaters or a central heating system. Restrict the movement of and guard portable heating appliances. • Seperate ignition hazards and combustibles e.g. ensure sufficient clear space between lights and combustibles. • Operate a safe smoking policy in designated smoking areas and prohibit smoking elsewhere. • Ensure electrical and mechanical and gas equipment is installed, used, maintained and protected in accordance with the manufacturerÕs instructions. • Check all areas where hot work (e.g. welding) has been carried out to ensure that no ignition has taken place or any smouldering materials remain that may cause of fire. • Ensure that no-one carrying out work on gas fittings which involves exposing pipes that contain or have contained flammable gas uses any source of ignition such as blow-lamps or hot-air guns. • Take precautions to avoid arson. Remove or reduce sources of fuel There are various ways that you can reduce the risks caused by materials and substances which burn, for example: • Reduce stocks of flammable materials, liquids and gases on display in public areas to a minimum. Keep remaining stock in dedicated storerooms or storage areas where the public are not allowed to go, and keep the minimum required for the operation of the business. • • Ensure flammable materials, liquids and gases, are kept to a minimum, and are stored properly with adequate separation distances between them. • Keep areas containing flammable gasses ventilated. • Do not keep flammable solids, liquids and gases together. • Remove, or treat large areas of highly combustible wall and ceiling linings, e.g. polystyrene or carpet tiles, to reduce the rate of flame spread across the surface. • Develop a formal system for the control of combustible waste by ensuring that waste materials and rubbish are not allowed to build up and are carefully stored until properly disposed of, particularly at the end of the day. • Take action to avoid storage areas being vulnerable to arson or vandalism. • • Check all