larger premises some of the work may be contracted out to a specialist company); • safety considerations when closing down the premises at the end of the day, e.g. removing rubbish, ensuring enough exits are available for people that remain and closing fire doors and shutters; • leaving hazardous substances in a safe condition when evacuating the building; • the safe storage of hazardous substances at the end of the working day; and • ensuring everyone in large organisations with many buildings within a curtilage and a security zone know how to use internal emergency telephones. Specific instructions may be needed about: • how staff will help members of the public/ visitors to leave the building; • ÔsweepingÕ of the shop floor by staff to guide people to the nearest exit when the fire alarm sounds; • designating particular areas of a shop/ office for supervisors to check that no one remains inside; • calling the emergency services; • carrying out evacuation roll calls; • taking charge at the assembly area; • meeting and directing fire engines; and • cover arrangements when nominated people are on leave. • Co-operation and co-ordination Where you share premises with others (this includes people who are self-employed or in partnership), each responsible person, i.e. each employer, owner or other person who has control over any part of the premises, will need to co-operate and co-ordinate the findings of their separate fire risk assessments to ensure the fire precautions and protection measures are effective throughout the building. This could include: • co-ordinating an emergency plan (see Step 4.2 for features of an emergency plan); • identifying the nature of any risks and how they may affect others in or about the premises; • identifying any fire-prevention and protection measures; • identifying any measures to mitigate the effects of a fire; and • arranging any contacts with external emergency services and calling the fire and rescue service. 7.4 Fire safety training Staff training The actions of staff if there is a fire are likely to be crucial to their safety and that of other people in the premises. All staff should receive basic fire safety induction training and attend refresher sessions at pre-determined intervals. You should ensure that all staff and contractors are told about the emergency plan and are shown the escape routes. The training should take account of the findings of the fire risk assessment and be easily understood by all those attending. It should include the role that those members of staff will be expected to carry out if a fire occurs. This may vary in large premises, with some staff being appointed as fire marshals or being given some other particular role for which additional training will be required. In addition to the guidance given in Part 1, Step 4.4, as a minimum all staff should receive training about: • the items listed in your emergency plan; • the importance of fire doors and other basic fire-prevention measures; • where relevant, the