not exceeding 220 g.m-2. All zips on the armour carrier shall be covered to reduce the risk of fragmentation injury from bullet impacts. CAST reserve the right to specify additional assessments of the operational carrier if deemed necessary. 3.4. Labelling 3.4.1. General requirements A label shall be securely fixed to the body side of each protective panel so that it is visible to the wearer. The label shall be at least 75 ? 75 mm and include as a minimum: • manufacturer name; • date of manufacture; • batch reference; • armour model unique identifier (model reference); • unique item identifier (serial number); • protection level (e.g. HO1 + KR1); • front or back panel identifier; • identification of Ôbody sideÕ using the following text, with text height of at least 10 mm: ÔTHIS SIDE TO THE BODYÕ;4 • colour-coded labels to identify protection type (see Figure 1); • care and maintenance instructions; • for certification test panels, a separate label shall be used with the following statement clearly visible: ÔTHIS IS A TEST PANEL ONLY, DO NOT WEARÕ; • for certified panels, the test house reference shall be shown;5 • if panels have been pre-conditioned in accordance with Section 9.2, the label shall clearly state either ÔWet TestedÕ or ÔExtreme Temperature TestedÕ; • if the panels have been tested with additional test rounds, these shall be clearly stated on the label. Unless otherwise specified, text on the label shall have a minimum height of 3 mm. 4 This may be affixed to the panel as an additional label if necessary. 5 This shall include original certification reference plus the most recent PQT reference (where applicable). For extended coverage panels, where there is a tapering in panel geometry defined based on the criteria outlined in Section 6.10.2. The manufacturer may choose to identify an area of full protection; this area shall be marked with the text ÔAREA OF FULL PROTECTIONÕ on the strike face of the panel. On scalable solutions, where multiple protective panels are used in combination, labels adhering to the specified requirements shall be provided on the body side of each panel. The label shall clearly detail the protection levels of the individual panels and the protection level of the resultant combination of panels. Further instruction shall be explicitly displayed on the labels outlining the order in which panels must be worn, with features added to prevent incorrect orders (e.g. physical fastening). Figure 1: Examples of colour-coded labels to be affixed to protective panels Ð blue circle for ballistic protection, red triangle for stab protection, green square for ballistic and knife and ballistic, knife and spike protection 3.4.2. Labelling assessment The label should be fully readable to anyone with normal or corrected vision throughout its product life expectancy (plus two years). Manufacturers should assess the longevity of labels prior to production. If labels degrade and become unreadable in service, they shall be replaced immediately at the cost of the manufacturer. It is the responsibility of the end-user to