or acquire an air weapon in Scotland without holding an air weapon certificate issued by Police Scotland. For more detailed information about air weapons laws in Scotland please refer to the guidance issued by the Scottish Government: Air weapon licensing in Scotland: guide. Shot gun cartridges 2.57 A shot gun certificate is not required to possess or acquire shot gun cartridges containing five or more shot, none of which exceeds .36 inch in diameter. All ordinary shot cartridges are covered by this description. However, a shot gun certificate (or firearm certificate authorising possession of a section 1 shot gun) is normally required to purchase shot gun cartridges. All single bulleted ammunition, for example solid slug, spherical ball or projectiles for birdscaring equipment, is subject to the requirement for a firearm certificate. Blank cartridges 2.58 Blank cartridges not exceeding 1 inch in diameter are also exempt from the certification procedure. Display Boards and decorative purposes 2.59 In the absence of a court ruling, inert cartridges and ammunition mounted on display boards are not regarded as being subject to the Acts. Similarly, inert bullets mounted on key rings or cuff links are assumed to be exempt. 2.60 It should be noted that exemption from the certification procedure does not automatically exempt a firearm from all the other provisions of the Act. A person found trespassing with a low-powered air weapon, for example, might still be charged with ÒarmedÓ trespass. It is also an offence for a person prohibited by the terms of section 21 of the 1968 Act to be in possession of an air gun or ammunition for it. Other classes of firearms and ammunition 2.61 When considering whether a particular weapon should be regarded as a firearm to which sections 1, 2 or 5 of the 1968 Act applies or which is covered by the 1982 Act, it is important to remember that the purpose of the legislation is to control the supply and possession of all rifles, guns and pistols which could be used for criminal or subversive purposes while recognising that individuals may own and use firearms and other devices for legitimate purposes. In the absence of a decision by a court, the Secretary of State takes the view that the following devices should not be regarded as firearms within the definition of the Act: a) captive-bolt stunning devices (where the bolt remains attached to the barrel) used in the slaughter of animals, operated by blank cartridges or pneumatically; 17 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law b) nail guns, designed as tools for the insertion of nails, metal pins and threaded bolts into solid objects; c) alarm guns, which are devices operated by a trip wire for the detonation of small explosive charges; d) line throwing implements used for saving life of those in vessels in distress; e) net throwing guns which are devices designed for the live capture of birds and animals (but not those net throwing guns which are designed for law enforcement purposes); f) rocket signal