that gave rise to the SAR was reasonable, provided the suspicion is so proved, the institution cannot be held liable for loss suffered by the customer as a consequence of the institution's failure to carry out promptly the customer's instructions. New clause "Exemption from civil liability for money-laundering disclosures" makes express statutory provision in relation to our obligation under the third EU Anti? Money Laundering Directive (Directive 2005/60/EC) to ensure that persons who make disclosures to relevant authorities in good faith must be protected from civil liability for doing so. In doing so, the new clause will strengthen the UK's compliance with the Directive and help increase the trust and confidence in the SARs regime of those who report under the system. New offence of domestic abuse: coercive or controlling behaviour (new clauses "Controlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or family relationship" and "Guidance" and amendments to clauses 75 and 76 and to the long title) Domestic abuse is a serious crime that shatters the lives of victims, trapping them in cycles of abuse that too often end in tragic and untimely deaths. Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary report that over one million calls were made to the police regarding domestic abuse incidents in the 12 month period to 31 August 2013. These calls range from people seeking advice for themselves, or on another's behalf, to directly reporting abuse. Crown Prosecution Service figures indicate that in 2013/14 78,000 prosecutions were brought. This is the highest number of prosecutions ever recorded, yet it shows there is still work to be done. In September 2013 the Home Secretary commissioned Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary to review the police response to domestic abuse because she was concerned that it was not as good as it should be. Sadly, when HMIC reported their findings in March, our concerns were realised. The Government is clear that there must be an immediate and lasting change in the police response to domestic abuse. This means a change in culture: from senior officers in charge to those on the frontline. The Home Secretary is chairing a National Oversight Group to make sure this happens. This work remains a priority, however we are also keen to ensure the police and other frontline agencies have the powers they need to respond to domestic abuse. The Home Office ran a consultation last summer seeking views on whether the law on domestic abuse needs to be strengthened. 85% of respondents agreed that the law in this area is inadequate, and 55% agreed that it should be strengthened with a new offence to close the gap in the law relating to coercive and controlling behaviour in intimate relationships. The consultation response is available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/strengthening-the-law-on-domestic? abuse. On 18 December the Home Secretary announced in a written ministerial statement that we would be tabling amendments to the Bill to strengthen the protection afforded to the victims of domestic abuse. New clause "Controlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or family relationship" accordingly provides