Prosecution Service tells you of a decision not to charge a suspect, you have the Right to be offered a meeting unless the Crown Prosecution Service decides that a meeting should not take place. On the rare occasions where the Crown Prosecution Service decide that a meeting is not appropriate, this decision will be explained to you. 6.13 If the suspect is charged with an offence(s), you have the Right to be told by the police within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code) of: ? the offence they are charged with; ? the date, time and location of the first court hearing; and ? where the suspect is released on police bail to appear in court, any bail conditions and any changes to these bail conditions. 6.14 If you are a bereaved close relative in a qualifying case35 you have the Right to be offered a meeting with the Crown Prosecution Service prior to or following a decision about whether or not to charge a suspect. If a decision is made to charge, the Crown Prosecution Service will explain how the case is likely to progress and answer any questions that you may have. The Crown Prosecution Service will also discuss your needs and jointly agree how regularly you will receive updates. 6.15 If, after the suspect has been charged with an offence(s), the Crown Prosecution Service decides to stop a charge and proceed with another, make a big change to a charge or stop the case, you have the Right to be told the reason why and, where the decision is to stop the case, how to ask for a review under the Crown Prosecution ServicesÕ VictimsÕ Right to Review Scheme, if you disagree with their decision. 34 Specified cases where victims are entitled to meet with the Crown Prosecution Service are: child abuse; sexual offences; racially and religiously aggravated offences; offences with a homophobic or transphobic element; offences aggravated by hostility based on disability; and cases motivated by hostility based on age. 35 The cases where bereaved families are entitled to meet with the Crown Prosecution Service are: murder, manslaughter, corporate manslaughter, familial homicide, causing death by dangerous driving, causing death by careless driving while unfit through drink or drugs, causing death by careless driving or through inconsiderate driving, causing death by driving whilst unlicensed, disqualified or uninsured and aggravated vehicle taking where death is caused. 1 Right 7: To make a Victim Personal Statement 7.1 You have the Right to make a Victim Personal Statement to explain in your own words how a crime has affected you, whether physically, emotionally, financially or in any other way. This is different from a witness statement. The Victim Personal Statement is considered by the judge or magistrate when determining what sentence the defendant should receive and can also help service providers to consider what additional support you and/or your family may require. 7.2 If you are a bereaved close relative,