of the British Transport Police Force, (g) a special constable of the British Transport Police Force appointed under section 25 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003, (h) an employee of the British Transport Police Authority appointed under section 27 of that Act, (i) a person designated as a community support volunteer or a policing support volunteer under section 38 of the Police Reform Act 2002 as applied by section 28 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003, or (j) a National Crime Agency officer. 61 Further provision about a code of practice under section 60 (1) The Secretary of State may not issue a code of practice under section 60 unless a draft of the code has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. (2) The Secretary of State may from time to time revise and reissue a code of practice under section 60. (3) Before reissuing a code of practice the Secretary of State must lay a draft of the code as proposed to be reissued before Parliament. (4) If, within the 40-day period, either House of Parliament resolves not to approve the code of practice laid under subsection (3)Ñ (a) the code is not to be reissued, and (b) the Secretary of State may prepare another code. (5) If no such resolution is passed within the 40-day period, the Secretary of State may reissue the code of practice. (6) In this section Òthe 40-day periodÓ meansÑ (a) the period of 40 days beginning with the day on which the draft is laid before Parliament, or (b) if the draft is not laid before each House on the same day, the period of 40 days beginning with the later of the days on which it is laid before Parliament. (a) 68 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (7) In calculating the 40-day period no account is to be taken of any period during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses of Parliament are adjourned for more than 4 days. Offences relating to hares etc 62 Increase in penalty for offences related to game etc (1) Section 1 of the Night Poaching Act 1828 (taking or destroying game or rabbits by night or entering land for that purpose) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (4). (2) The existing text becomes subsection (1). (3) In that subsectionÑ (a) after ÒconvictionÓ insert Òto imprisonment for a term