made by the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before exercising its powers under this paragraph. 180 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Copies of supervision order etc (1) The court by which a supervision order is made must forthwith provide a copy of the order to— the defaulter, and the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order. Where a supervision order is made, the injunction applicant must forthwith provide a copy of so much of the order as is relevant— in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying a place under paragraph 4(1)(a), to the person in charge of that place; in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying an activity under paragraph 4(1)(b), to the person in charge of that activity; in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying a residential exercise under paragraph 4(1)(c), to the person in charge of the place or activity specified under paragraph 4(4) in relation to that residential exercise; in a case where the order contains an electronic monitoring requirement, to— any person who by virtue of paragraph 6(4) will be responsible for the electronic monitoring, and any person without whose consent that requirement could not have been included in the order. The court by which a supervision order is revoked or amended must forthwith provide a copy of the revoking order, or of the order as amended, to— the defaulter, and the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order. Where— a copy of a supervision order (or part of a supervision order) has been given to a person under sub-paragraph (2) by virtue of any requirement contained in the order, and the order is revoked, or amended in respect of that requirement, the injunction applicant must forthwith give a copy of the revoking order, or of so much of the order as amended as is relevant, to that person. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in