rights. If you are confident that the child can understand their rights, then you should usually respond directly to the child. You may, however, allow the parent to exercise the childÕs rights on their behalf if the child authorises this, or if it is evident that this is in the best interests of the child. What matters is that the child is able to understand (in broad terms) what it means to make a Right of Access Request and how to interpret the information they receive as a result of doing so. When considering borderline cases, you should take into account, among other things: • the childÕs level of maturity and their ability to make decisions like this; (why are they requesting it) • the nature of the personal data; (what does the data relate to and in what context is the child involved) • any court orders relating to parental access or responsibility that may apply; • any duty of confidence owed to the child or young person; • any consequences of allowing those with parental responsibility access to the childÕs or young personÕs information. This is particularly important if there have been allegations of abuse or ill treatment; • • any detriment to the child or young person if individuals with parental responsibility cannot access this information; and • any views the child or young person has on whether their parents should have access to information about them. In Scotland, a person aged 12 years or over is presumed to be of sufficient age and maturity to be able to exercise their right of access, unless the contrary is shown. This presumption does not apply in England and Wales or in Northern Ireland, where competence is assessed depending upon the level of understanding of the child, but it does indicate an approach that will be reasonable in many cases. The parent must provide proof of parental responsibility in these cases as well as valid identification for themselves. Disclosure will not be facilitated until we are in receipt of such documents as required to validate the requestorÕs identity and parental responsibilities to the child in question. 2.14 Complaints Procedure Where an applicant is dissatisfied with how their Right of Access application has been processed they should follow the complaints procedure contained in the response letter. They have 30 days of receiving their response to register their complaint. On receipt of a complaint the Principal Decision Maker (PDM) will conduct a review of how their application was processed, any redaction(s) that were made and the disclosure that was provided. The PDM will provide a narrative of their findings / decision, which will be communicated back to the applicant by the DM. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Force Disclosure Unit Procedure Owner/Author: Keith LEWIS / Chris Harwood (Author) Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Head of Information Management and Assurance Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 11.07.2018 1.0 Draft 30.07.2018 1.1 Feedback from FDU 11.02.2020 2.0 Review in light of