Staff If an individual refuses to undertake any elements pertaining to the ICIDP qualification then the reasons for this refusal will be explored and consideration will be given for having this refusal and the reasons for doing so assessed through the conduct process. Appropriate action may then be taken either through the conduct, capability or performance procedures. Sickness As per the National Investigators Exam Rules & Syllabus section 11. If a candidate fails to disclose that they have a medical condition that will impact on their ability to sit the NIE then this will not count as evidence of exceptional circumstances should they fail the exam. Where candidates report sick on the day of the exam a doctorÕs note will be required. If the candidate fails to attend the exam due to two separate incidents of sickness then the matter will be bought to the attention of the Head of Crime Superintendent who may decide that the candidate be removed from the ICIDP. Withdrawals and Absence The College of Policing National Investigators Exam Rules & Syllabus section 10 will apply. If candidates withdraw from the exam at any stage they must inform the Crime Training Sergeant and provide the reason why they have withdrawn. A heavy workload or lack of protected study time are not deemed appropriate reasons for withdrawal. Supervisors should acknowledge their responsibility to provide candidates with the protected study time afforded to them and make every effort for them to have this. A withdrawal will count as an unsuccessful attempt at the exam. In all cases it will be the discretion of the Head of Crime Detective Superintendent as to whether the candidate will be allowed to resit the exam. All candidates will only be allowed one authorised withdrawal at the discretion of the Head of Crime Detective Superintendent. The candidate must sit the next suitable available exam as decided by the Learning and Development department. If the location of this exam is not local then it is the responsibility of the candidate to make sufficient travel arrangements. Location will not be allowed as an excuse to not sit an exam. Candidates should consult the Business and Travel procedure for details of entitlements. Deferrals Candidates are only able to defer the exam in exceptional circumstances (see exceptional circumstances section below). Candidates should give appropriate notice to the Crime Training Sergeant and Head of Crime Detective Superintendent of their intention to defer the exam and provide a clear written rationale. All cases that are deferred will need to be agreed by the Head of Crime Detective Superintendent who will make representation to the College. Candidates will not be allowed to retrospectively defer, in these circumstances failure to attend the exam will count as a withdrawal (see withdrawal section above). Candidates will only be allowed to defer from the exam on one occasion after which they will be expected to sit the next exam they are registered for. Exceptional Circumstances What constitutes an exceptional circumstance will be decided at