Statutory Guidance Housing response Housing providers should have policies in place to identify and respond to domestic abuse. The White Paper on Social Housing sets out that the Regulator of Social Housing will make clear that landlords should have a policy setting out how they tackle issues surrounding domestic abuse, working with other agencies as appropriate.173 Victims can experience many incidents of abuse before calling the police or reporting it to another agency. Housing providers may be able to identify abuse at earlier stages and should consider how they can best provide support to their residents. By understanding the indicators of domestic abuse through training and professional development, housing officers can increase their confidence to speak to people experiencing abuse, risk assess and safety plan alongside them. Housing providers should carefully consider the nature and effects of domestic abuse with regards to the needs of victims, including tactics used by a perpetrator which have financial and safety implications for victims. For example, research identified impacts related to the fact that where a victim and perpetrator have a joint tenancy or mortgage they will be jointly and severally responsible for any liabilities. This may result in victims being liable for arrears or repairs when the perpetrator refuses to pay – a form of economic abuse - or fearing for their safety if unable to change locks without prior agreement from a landlord, letting agent or mortgage provider.174 See section on ‘Economic abuse’ for more information. Safety should be at the core of the housing response to domestic abuse. Housing authorities and housing providers should also be alert to the wider role they play in ensuring victim safety. Procedures should be in place to keep all information on victims safe and secure. In many cases, particularly where extended family members or multiple perpetrators may be involved, perpetrators go to great lengths to seek information on victims. The housing authority and providers should be alert to the possibility of employees being, or having links to, perpetrators. Housing authorities should not disclose information about an applicant to anybody outside the organisation without consent. Authorities should consider safety when sharing information and ensure information sharing is relevant, necessary and proportionate for the purpose for which it is being shared, and that the lawful basis for sharing information is clear. In some circumstances, it may be necessary to restrict access to cases where abuse is disclosed to only named members of staff. Housing authorities should work co-operatively with other local authorities and commissioners to provide services to tackle domestic abuse. Local authorities should 173 The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities will undertake a consultation on the impacts of joint tenancy law on domestic abuse victims. This is in recognition of the fact that the current rules on joint tenancies mean that periodic and social housing tenancies can be ended by either tenant, without the consent of the other. Victims who are in a periodic joint tenancy with a perpetrator can therefore be vulnerable to