by enforcing authorities if the responsible person can demonstrate, through a suitable risk assessment for each individual door, both the need and the adequate management controls to ensure that people can escape safely from the premises. In particular: • Access control should not be confused with exit control. Many devices are available which control the access to the premises but retain the immediate escape facility from the premises. • In public areas, when push bars are operated on escape doors, they should release the electromagnetic locks immediately and allow the exit doors to open. • The requirement for exit control should be carefully assessed and should not be seen as a substitute for good management of the employees and occupants. • All other alternatives should have been explored/evaluated prior to using these devices to ensure they do not affect the safety of occupants. • The device should be connected to the fire warning and/or detection system. • The device should incorporate a bypass circuit for immediate release on activation of the fire warning and/or detection system. • Each door should be fitted with a single securing device. • The emergency exit doors should be clearly labelled about how to operate them. • Adequate control measures should be put in place to ensure the safety of the occupants. The use of electronic door-locking devices should be considered with particular care in premises with a number of different occupancies. The management of a complicated system of evacuation for many different groups is unlikely to be practicable. The technical standards in respect of sourcing, maintaining and testing must be extremely high. 124 When part of the management control system involves trained personnel helping others at these doors, it is vital to ensure these people are available. The use of exit control devices should not be considered where the number of trained staff is low or where members of the public would be expected to operate the devices without help. In premises where there may be large numbers of people, the devices should only be considered when linked to a comprehensive automatic fire-detection and warning system in accordance with BS 5839-1.16 There should be an additional means of manually overriding the locking device at each such exit (typically a green break-glass point). The use of time-delay systems that prevent the opening of emergency exits for a pre-set time are primarily used to improve security. These add a further layer of complexity to the fire strategy and should not be considered in public areas. They should only be used in non-public areas when all other options such as relocating valuable stock or exterior boundary management have been addressed. Their value in preventing theft is likely to be transient as the use of the manual override becomes more widely known. British Standard 822045 gives further advice on security in buildings and while this standard does refer to electronic locking devices, it also acknowledges that the balance must remain on the side of emergency escape rather than