drug in the sample. 11.2 Test results following laboratory analysis and medical review will be returned to the Detective Inspector, CCU and/or Head of Professional Standards. Where the result is negative the officer and his or her manager should be informed without delay. It is particularly important that a confirmed negative result after any initial on-site positive screening result is communicated to the officer and management without delay. 11.3 A positive result from a test administered as a part of the pre-employment process should be notified to the Recruitment and Selection Manager, so that the candidate may be rejected. 11.4 A positive result from a member of staff who had self-declared a substance misuse problem prior to being tested should be reviewed by Occupational Health to assess whether the result was consistent with rehabilitation treatment being undertaken. If the result suggested that an agreed programme of rehabilitation was not being followed, then reference to Professional Standards should be strongly considered. Any such person will be subject of an ongoing risk assessment prepared by the individualÕs SHRA in conjunction with their senior manager. 5.1 11.5 All other positive results will be referred to an Appropriate Authority with Professional Standards for action. It is for Professional Standards to notify both the officer and the line manager of the result, and of any immediate action, including suspension from duty where appropriate. 11.6 Any claim by the officer concerned that there was a reason (other than a medical reason) for the positive result should be dealt with by PSD/CCU through formal disciplinary proceedings. Appeals should be handled through normal appeals process. 12. Liability 12.1 An officer who has misused controlled drugs suffers a double jeopardy. He or she is at risk of disciplinary proceedings that might lead to dismissal and may also be at risk of criminal prosecution. Because of this double jeopardy, and whether or not criminal proceedings are contemplated, cautioning and interviewing should be to the standards required under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE). 12.2 The penalty for refusal to take a test is no less than the penalty for failing a test. The liability to take a test is established in Police Regulations, thus a failure to take a test when required to do so is a failure to obey a lawful order. There is no substantive criminal offence of having an unlawful substance in the body, only a presumption that the offence of ÒpossessionÓ must have been committed beforehand. Such a presumption may be rebuttable by medical evidence that the positive test resulted from use of a lawful medication. The presumption of possession that would arise from a positive, medically confirmed test result should be treated as misconduct. The maximum penalty for both failure to obey a lawful order and discreditable conduct, is the same. 12.3 Any penalty would take into account both Proportionality and Public Interest. Table of Contents APPENDIX E Alcohol Screening: Protocol for Testing 1. Overview 1.1 There is a presumption that a person is