or recommendations made to the commissioner by the relevant police and crime panel under section 28(4), and (ii) any changes in the strategic policing requirement issued by the Secretary of State under section 37A of the Police Act 1996; and exercise the powers under subsection (3) or (4) accordingly. (10) A police and crime commissioner who issues or varies a police and crime plan mustÑ (a) send a copy of the issued plan, or the variation, to the relevant chief constable and to each of the other persons and bodies that are, for the purposes of section 5 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998, responsible authorities in relation to local government areas that are wholly or partly within the relevant police area, and (b) publish a copy of the issued plan, or the variation. (11) The duty under subsection (10) to send or publish a copy of the variation may instead be satisfied by sending or publishing a copy of the plan as varied. (12) It is for the commissioner to determine the manner in whichÑ (a) a response to a report or recommendations is to be published in accordance with subsection (6)(f), and (b) a copy of the plan or variation is to be published in accordance with subsection (10) (b). (13) In this sectionÑ Òfinancial yearÓ means the financial year of the police and crime commissioner; Òordinary electionÓ, in relation to the police and crime commissioner for a police area, means an election held under section 50 in relation to that area. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 9 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 6 Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to issue police and crime plans (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must issue a police and crime plan within the financial year in which each ordinary election is held. (2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must comply with the duty under subsection (1) as soon as practicable after the person elected in the ordinary election takes office. (3) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may, at any time, issue a police and crime plan. (4) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may vary a police and crime plan. (5) In issuing or varying a police and crime plan, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must have regard to the strategic policing requirement issued by the Secretary of State under section 37A of the Police Act 1996. (6) Before issuing or varying a police and crime plan, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime mustÑ (a) prepare a draft of the plan or variation, (b) consult the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis in preparing the draft