(a) substituteÑ Ò(2) Before requiring the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to exercise its power to call upon the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, to retire or resign, the Secretary of State shallÑÓ. (6) In subsection (2A), for the words from ÒnoticeÓ (in the second place) to the end substitute Ò notice to the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. Ó. (7) In subsection (3A)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for the words from Ò, DeputyÓ to ÒquestionÓ substitute Ò or Deputy Commissioner Ó; (b) in paragraph (b), for the words from ÒMetropolitanÓ to ÒconcernedÓ substitute Ò Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó. (8) In subsection (3B), for the words from Ò, DeputyÓ to ÒquestionÓ substitute Ò or Deputy Commissioner Ó. (9) In subsection (4), for the words from Ò, the DeputyÓ to ÒconstableÓ substitute Ò or Deputy Commissioner Ó. (10) For subsection (4A) substituteÑ (1) 78 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Ò(4A) If the Secretary of State exercises the power conferred by subsection (1) to require the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to call upon the Commissioner to retire or resignÑ (a) the requirement of section 48(1) of the 2011 Act to obtain the Secretary of State's consent does not apply, and (b) section 48(5) of the 2011 Act does not apply.Ó. (11) Omit subsection (4C). (12) In section 50 (regulations for police forces), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) or (2), regulations under this section may make provision with respect to the procedures to be followed by police and crime commissioners, or the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, in exercisingÑ (a) powers of suspension, or (b) powers of removal, (whether, in the case of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, on their own initiative or in compliance with a requirement imposed by the Secretary of State). (2B) In subsection (2A)Ñ Òpower of removalÓ meansÑ (a) the power conferred on police and crime commissioners by section 38(3) of the 2011 Act to require chief constables to retire or resign; (b) the power conferred on the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime by section 48(3) of the 2011 Act to require the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to retire or resign; Òpower of suspensionÓ meansÑ (a) the power conferred on police and crime commissioners by section 38(2) of the 2011 Act to suspend chief constables; (b) the power conferred on the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime by section 48(1) of the 2011 Act to suspend the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner of Police of the