transfer a slaughtering instrument which falls within section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act, that is small firearms. This exemption does not apply to registered firearms dealers. 6.34 Similarly, under section 2(b) of the 1997 Act, authority under section 5 of the 1968 Act is not required for possession of a slaughtering instrument to which section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act applies if a person is entitled to possess such an instrument without a firearm certificate under section 10 of the 1968 Act. This exemption does not apply to registered firearms dealers. Gun bearers 6.35 Section 11(1) of the 1968 Act exempts from the certificate requirement a person carrying a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or shot guns, under the instruction of another person who holds a certificate and for 46 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law that other personÕs use for sporting purposes only. It does not entitle the bearer to use the firearm or shot gun. The courts have found that this exemption does not extend to unaccompanied possession of the firearms concerned, for example by a chauffeur transporting the firearms from one town to another, in which instance a certificate or permit would be required. Where the person doing the carrying is under eighteen, the exemption only applies if the certificate holder is eighteen or over Ð as per the amendment inserted by SI 2010/1759. Starting races 6.36 Section 11(2) of the 1968 Act (as amended by the Firearms (Amendment) Regulations 2010) authorises the possession, without a certificate, of a firearm at an athletic meeting for the purpose of starting races at that meeting. This section does not, however, authorise the purchase or acquisition, without a certificate, of a firearm for such purposes nor does it apply to persons under eighteen years old. The possession of ammunition is not authorised, but blank ammunition not exceeding one inch in diameter may be held without a certificate. Furthermore, a person does not need authority under section 5 of the 1997 Act to possess, purchase, acquire, sell or transfer a firearm that is held on certificate with a condition that it is only to be used for controlling races at athletics meetings. 6.37 The reason for this exemption is that major athletics events require controlling guns (commonly known as starting guns) which are classed as firearms and are able not only to produce a very loud bang but also a highly visible flash from the muzzle end of the gun to facilitate accurate timing. This is not applicable to cycling races or other similar events. In practice, only those starters who have achieved level 3, level 4 or above under the UK Athletics (UKA) licencing scheme should be granted a certificate (UKA has its own hierarchical licencing scheme in place for qualified starters at athletics events which is not linked to the Firearms Act). The UKA licence holder should also have a letter of approval issued by the Technical Committee of UKA and signed by