a range of practical and emotional support, including the provision of travel and accommodation advice to relatives and friends who may wish to come to the area. Planning to provide public information lines will help ease the burden on the casualty bureau. Planning should also include special arrangements in the local area to provide face-to-face information and support to those bereaved relatives who come to be close to the scene of the emergency. The police are likely to provide Family Liaison Officers who will take on all or part of this role. But special attention needs to be paid to relatives and friends trying to get information at receiving hospitals for the incident; and to those who may be taken to, or congregate at, the emergency mortuary. Rest and reception centres set up by the local authority with the support of voluntary organisations may also require regularly updated access to information and advice. Identifying a lead responder 7.94. It is preferable, in relation to particular types of emergency, if a lead responder for warning, informing and advising the public is identified and agreed beforehand by the Category 1 responders. Annex 7B provides an indicative list of which Category 1 responders are likely to lead in a range of examples. (The list is advisory only). Step 3 of the 10 Step Cycle (Annex 7D) offers further guidance on identifying a lead responder. Case Study: North Yorkshire Local Resilience Forum Media and Communications Plan The NYLRF Media, Warning and Informing group has produced a Communications and Media Plan which included a specific appendix on identifying the lead responder. The group approached this by classifying the types of risk and looking at the risk register and agreeing to focus on high and very high risks rather than the register as a whole. All parties then agreed who would generally lead on communications and/or media during that type of emergency. The communications plan itself was very short and its focus was on the 11 appendices which had specific details and actions as well as detailing the needs of the media during an incident. To look at the NYLRF plan or the lead responder sheet please visit www.emergencynorthyorks.gov.uk and contact the emergency planning unit emergency@northyorks.gov.uk for a username and password. 7.95. In many instances, the lead Category 1 responder for warning and informing the public will be the organisation which leads on the response to an emergency. In a number of instances, this role is likely to be filled by the police, but it should not be assumed that this will always be the case. The lead responder for the recovery phase will normally be the Local Authority. It is essential the public continue to receive appropriate information during the recovery phase. 7.96. A wide area emergency such as flooding is a good example of how responders all have to play their part. It is clear that the role of lead Category 1 responder for warning, informing and advising, is likely to fall in England