CCTV camera or dash-cam in one of your own vehicles) is intended to be used in appeal proceedings relating to civil penalties for littering from vehicles, the enforcing authority will need to produce the recording(s), and a certificate stating the circumstances in which the record was produced must be provided (signed by a person authorised to do so by the litter authority which 11 In the case of penalty notices issued by first-class post to an address in the UK, the notice is taken to be given on the second working day after posting (fifth working day in the case of an address outside the UK). If the notice is sent electronically, it is taken to be given on the working day immediately following the day on which it was sent. installed the device).12 The recording devices must be able to produce a record of the presence of a particular vehicle on the litter authorityÕs land, and the date and time at which the vehicle is present. 11J.14 If it is intended to use recording devices to gather evidence in this way, enforcing authorities must also ensure that they remain compliant with other relevant legislation, such as the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000, and the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012. Using the DVLAÕs database 11J.15 The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) vehicle keeper database may be used to establish the ownership of vehicles used in connection with the commission of criminal offences, including littering. As set out in the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018, a civil penalty may only be issued when a section 87 EPA 1990 criminal offence of littering has been committed from the vehicle. 11J.16 Access to the DVLA Web Enabled Enquiry system is available to all local authorities upon request. Local authorities without existing access should contact the DVLA at: Kadoeservice.support@DVLA.gov.uk 11J.17 For the purposes of issuing a civil penalty to the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown, the ÒkeeperÓ to which the penalty notice should be issued is the person by whom the vehicle is kept at the time when the littering offence in question occurs. In the case of a registered vehicle this is to be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to be the registered keeper. 11K.0 Enforcement against young people 11K.1 Enforcing authorities should determine a consistent policy on whether enforcement action will be taken in respect of offences committed by people aged younger than 18, and how such enforcement will be carried out. They should work with both the youth offending team and childrenÕs services in designing this policy. 11K.2 As a matter of good practice, it is recommended that enforcement officers issuing fixed penalties to young people should: a. always be in uniform b. never touch a young person c. approach from the front, not behind d. identify themselves and show formal identification 12 Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018, regulation 20 e. ideally work in