defendant does not appear for any adjourned proceedings the court mayÑ (a) further adjourn the proceedings, (b) issue a warrant for the defendantÕs arrest, or (c) hear the proceedings in the defendantÕs absence. (9C) The court may not act under subsection (9B)(b) unless it is satisfied that the defendant has had adequate notice of the time and place of the adjourned proceedings. (9D) The court may not act under subsection (9B)(c) unless it is satisfied that the defendantÑ (a) has had adequate notice of the time and place of the adjourned proceedings, and (b) has been informed that if the defendant does not appear for those proceedings the court may hear the proceedings in the defendantÕs absence.Ó (2) Regulations under section 208(1) which bring subsection (1) into force only for a specified purpose or in relation to a specified area mayÑ (a) provide for that provision to be in force for that purpose or in relation to that area for a specified period; (b) make transitional or saving provision in relation to that provision ceasing to be in force at the end of the specified period. (3) Regulations containing provision by virtue of subsection (2)(a) may be amended by subsequent regulations under section 208(1) so as to continue subsection (1) in force for the specified purpose or in relation to the specified area for a further specified period. (4) In this section ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in regulations under section 208(1). CHAPTER 3 MANAGEMENT OF SEX OFFENDERS Notification requirements 168 Locations for sexual offender notification (1) Section 87 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (method of notification and related matters) is amended as follows. (1) 192 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) For paragraph (a) of subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(a) attending at the police station in the personÕs local police area that is for the time being specified in a document published for that local police area under this section or, if there is more than one such police station, at any one of them, andÓ. (3) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) The chief officer of police for each police area must publish, in such manner as the chief officer thinks fit, a document containing the name and address of each police station in that area at which a person may give a notification under section 83(1), 84(1) or 85(1). (2B) A chief officer of police must keep under review a document published by the chief