example, holiday entitlement will continue to accrue. 7.36 Maintaining contact Wiltshire Police reserves the right to maintain reasonable contact with you during shared parental leave. This may be to discuss your plans for your return to work, to discuss any special arrangements to be made or training to be given to ease your return to work or to update them on developments at work during your absence. You can agree to work (or to attend training) for up to 20 days during shared parental leave without that work bringing the period of your shared parental leave and pay to an end. These days, which are known as "shared-parental-leave-in-touch" (SPLIT) days, are in addition to the 10 keeping-in-touch days available to an employee during maternity or adoption leave. Wiltshire Police has no right to require you to carry out any work and you have no right to undertake any work during your shared parental leave. Any work undertaken, and the amount of salary paid for any work done on SPLIT days, is entirely a matter of agreement between you and your line manager. SPLIT days are optional; however, these are a really good opportunity for you to: • Meet with your line manager to discuss any key team, functional, organisational changes including how these may affect you • Join any team meetings to keep in touch with colleagues, meet new ones • Discuss any potential flexible working arrangements you would like him/her to consider prior to your return to work. • Assess any training required prior to your return • Discuss what a transition back to work will look like • Sort any equipment/uniform requirements in good time for return Any work carried out on a day constitutes one day's work. Accordingly, if you were to attend for example a one-hour training course, this will count as one of the 20 days available. Individuals cannot insist on being able to carry out work during shared parental leave. Similarly, the organisation cannot require you to carry out work during shared parental leave. SPLIT days worked do not extend the total duration of any period of shared parental leave. Reasonable contact between an individual and their employer during a period of shared parental leave does not count as work during a period of shared parental leave. You will continue to receive pay under the enhanced shared parental pay scheme for any week during which you attend work for SPLIT days. You will also receive an additional payment for each hour that you work during a SPLIT day at your usual hourly rate. If you are only entitled to receive statutory shared parental pay for any week during which you attend work for SPLIT days, you will still receive this in the usual way. In addition, we will also pay you for each hour that you work during a SPLIT day at your usual hourly rate. You can claim payment for SPLIT days by completing FORM SPL-H and submitting it to the Payroll Helpdesk.