(a) is not in the same place as any member of the court, and (a) 256 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7ZA Ð Transmission and recording of court and tribunal proceedings CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) is taking part in, watching or listening to the proceedings by way of a transmission. (5) For the purposes of this section a recording or transmission is ÒunauthorisedÓ unless it isÑ (a) authorised (generally or specifically) by the court in which the proceedings concerned are being conducted, or (b) authorised (generally or specifically) by the Lord Chancellor. (6) It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under subsection (1) to prove that, at the time of the actual or attempted recording or transmission, the personÑ (a) was not in designated live-streaming premises, and (b) did not know that the image or sound concerned was of a sort within subsection (2) or (3). (7) In subsection (6)(a), Òdesignated live-streaming premisesÓ has the meaning given by section 85A(4). (8) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (9) Conduct that amounts to an offence under subsection (1) is also a contempt of court. But a person cannot, in respect of the same conduct, be both convicted of the offence and punished for the contempt. (10) For the purposes of this section it does not matter whether a person making, or attempting to make, a recording or transmission intends the recording or transmission, or anything comprised in it, to be seen or heard by any other person. (11) This section does not apply to proceedings in the Supreme Court. (12) This section does not apply to court proceedings if provision regulating the procedure to be followed in those proceedings could be made byÑ (a) an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (b) an Act of Senedd Cymru (including one passed with the consent of a Minister of the Crown within the meaning of section 158(1) of the Government of Wales Act 2006), or (c) an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly passed without the consent of the Secretary of State. (13) In this sectionÑ ÒcourtÓ has the same meaning as in the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (see section 19 of that Act); Òcourt proceedingsÓ means proceedings in any court; ÒrecordingÓ means a recording on any mediumÑ (a) of a single image, a moving image or any sound, or (b) from which a