step 1 certification expires Local authorities are recommended to appoint a nominated senior responsible officer (SRO) to oversee compliance. This SRO should determine if the size and scale of the systems are worthy to go through the certification process. The SRO needs to be pragmatic as this will depend upon the size of scheme, degree of public visibility and overall context of the scheme. 3.2 Steps for organisations that voluntarily wish to show compliance We hope that many organisations who are not relevant authorities (http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2012/9/section/33/enacted) will wish to voluntarily show compliance with the code. The main steps to voluntarily comply are: complete the self assessment tool publish completed self assessment tool on organisation website publish a statement declaring voluntary adoption in the future, consider submitting the tool for certification if appropriate go for full certification before the 1 year certification expires All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Consumer rights The law protects your consumer rights when you buy goods or services. Find out who to contact for consumer protection advice. You can get help if youÕre treated unfairly or when things go wrong. This includes problems with: credit and store cards faulty goods counterfeit goods poor service contracts builders rogue traders You can call a helpline to get advice. They can also refer your complaint to local Trading Standards Officers who may then investigate on your behalf. England and Wales Contact Citizens Advice (https://www.citizensadvice.org .uk/). Citizens Advice Telephone: 0808 223 1133 Welsh language: 0808 223 1144 Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm Scotland Contact Advice Direct Scotland (https://www.advice.scot/). Advice Direct Scotland Telephone: 0808 164 6000 Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm Northern Ireland Contact Consumerline (https://www.nidirect.gov.uk/contacts/contacts- az/consumerline). Consumerline Telephone: 0300 123 6262 Monday to Thursday, 9am to 5pm Friday, 9am to 4pm Find out about call charg es (/call-charg es). Further help You can also get information about refunds, repairs and making a complaint from Which? (http://www.which.co.uk/consumer-rights/action). Complain to an ombudsman An ombudsman is a person who investigates complaints about organisations for free. They may be able to help you resolve a complaint without going to court. There are different ombudsmen for different industries. You can use the Ombudsman Association (http://www.ombudsmanassociation.org /find-an- ombudsman.php) to find the right ombudsman for your complaint. Money advice You can get free, independent help from MoneyHelper (https://www.moneyhelper.org .uk/) about anything to do with money, for example managing debt. Buying from an EU country Contact the Consumer Centre UK (http://www.ukecc.net) for help with problems buying from an EU country. All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Home Crime, justice and law Reporting crimes and getting compensation Contact the police Contact the police by calling 999 to report emergencies or by calling 101 for non-emergencies. Reporting an emergency Call 999 if you are reporting a crime that is in progress or if someone is in immediate danger. Related content How to report antisocial behaviour Report hate