who may be at risk of involvement in terrorism- related activity.Ó (4) For subsection (4) substituteÑ Ò(4) A person to whom subsection (4A) applies may, for the purpose described in subsection (2), disclose information to another person to whom subsection (4A) applies. (4A) This subsection applies toÑ (a) the responsible authority, (b) a person specified in subsection (6), and (c) a person who the responsible authority considers may contribute to the achievement of the purpose described in subsection (2). (4B) A disclosure under subsection (4) does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of confidence owed by the person making the disclosure, or (b) any other restriction on the disclosure of information (however imposed). (4C) But subsection (4) does not authorise a disclosure of information thatÑ Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 4 Ð Management of terrorist offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 237 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) would contravene the data protection legislation (but in determining whether it would do so, the power in that subsection is to be taken into account), or (b) would be prohibited by any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016. (4D) Subsection (4E) applies if a person who may disclose or receive information by virtue of subsection (4) would not otherwise be a competent authority for the purposes of Part 3 of the Data Protection Act 2018 (law enforcement processing) in relation to the processing by that person of personal data by virtue of that subsection. (4E) The person is to be treated as a competent authority for the purposes of that Part in relation to the processing by that person of personal data by virtue of subsection (4). (4F) But subsection (4E) does not apply to an intelligence service within the meaning of Part 4 of the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 82(2) of that Act). (4G) Subsections (4) to (4F) do not affect any power to disclose information apart from that conferred by subsection (4).Ó (5) In subsection (6), in the opening words, after Ò(3)Ó insert Ò, (4A)(b)Ó. (6) In subsection (9), at the appropriate places insertÑ ÒÒthe data protection legislationÓ has the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 3 of that Act);Ó; ÒÒinvolvement in terrorism-related activityÓ has the same meaning as in the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures Act 2011 (see section 4 of that Act);Ó; ÒÒpersonal dataÓ has the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 2018 (see section 3(2) of that Act);Ó; ÒÒprocessingÓ