State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision, April 2022. https://doccs.ny.gov/system/files/do cuments/2022/04/under-custody- report-for-2021.pdf. De-escalating the War on Terror: Governing ÒSecret WarsÓ and Expanding Veteran Treatment By Rachel Baron, rlb399@cornell.edu Amidst ongoing struggles to fund veteran rehabilitation needs at home, taxpayer dollars are instead funding secret proxy wars abroad. Heightened human rights and reporting standards are needed to limit violence abroad and divert funding toward American veteran care programs. Background Known as Òsecret wars,Ó at least 23 American proxy wars have been conducted as part of the War on Terror, the post 9/11 military campaign launched against international terrorist organizations.1 Codified in 2016 but in use since 2004, 10 U.S.C. ¤127e is a section of the U.S. Code that allows funding of up to one hundred million dollars annually for foreign militaries, militias, or individuals to conduct military operations that align with American counterterrorism goals.2 This support has been used to train, arm, and pay the salaries of non- American military actors.2 ¤127e is legally founded in the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF), which enables counterterrorist actions against groups responsible for or associated with the September 11th attacks, including al-Qaeda, the Taliban, al-Shabaab, and ISIS. However, ¤127e has been used by the Department of Defence (DoD) to falsely justify operations against unassociated groups, including Boko Haram and the Islamic State - Sinai Province.3 Congress is unable to exercise effective oversight ¤127e operations. The DoD reports its operations to few congressional offices, does not produce many required reports, and does not report to either foreign relations committee.4 Further, ¤127e operations are exempt from Leahy law, a provision that prevents support for military units that violate human rights.4 As the War on Terror continues, veterans at home are left with little support. In January 2023, over thirty-five thousand veterans were unhoused, an increase of 7.4% from the year prior.5 Iraq and Afghanistan veterans have been diagnosed with mental disorders at a rate of 58.1%, including a 23% rate of PTSD.6,7 Although the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) provides rehabilitation programs, they do not have sufficient funding to successfully address these crises.8 Policy Idea The US Congress should amend 10 U.S.C ¤127e to require ¤127e operations to be subject to DoD Leahy law and mandate annual audits of Leahy law compliance. Funding provided to any operation found to violate Leahy law should be immediately terminated and diverted to the VA for rehabilitation programs of veterans who have served in Iraq or Afghanistan. In addition to current reporting to the Appropriations and Armed Services Committees, Congress should double their reporting requirements, mandating DoD reports of ¤127e operations to all congressional offices at least 30 days prior to new initiatives. In order to ensure accountability and compliance, the DoD should also be held responsible for creating a biannual report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Failure to adhere to reporting requirements would be grounds for funding removal and reallocation to the VA. Policy Analysis The DoD Leahy