in operation 6.2 can be used for this purpose. 6.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels not a?xed to the firearm, apply operations 6.1-6.4 and 6.12 as Guidance Notes Note - 6.4 does not apply to exchange barrels. Exchange barrels for semi auto long firearms may only be submitted as applicable. In addition, the barrels part of a factory set and not as individual must be permanently prevented barrels; they should be serial numbered from being a?xed to a firearm by accordingly. Details of the barrels cutting, welding, bonding or using submitted will be recorded on the appropriate measures with the deactivation certificate of the firearm they equivalent degree of permanence. are submitted with. 6.6 Breech block/bolt head: Remove or shorten firing pin. 6.7 Breech block/bolt head: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire breech face. All locking lugs must be removed or substantially weakened. 6.8 Breech block/bolt head: Weld the firing pin hole. 1.1 6.9 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the physical As long as the physical link to the firing mechanism is destroyed, it is acceptable operating link between the trigger for the trigger blade and any external blade and the hammer, striker or hammer be left free to move. However, sear. Fuse the trigger mechanism they must be independent of each other together with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not possible, remove the trigger mechanism and fill the area with weld or epoxy resin. 6.10 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). 6.11 Automatic system: Destroy the gas piston, gas pipe and gas port by cutting or welding. 6.12 Automatic system: If there is no gas piston, remove gas pipe. If the barrel is used as a gas piston, weld the deactivated barrel to the housing. In all cases where present, close the barrelÕs gas vent by welding. 6.13 Automatic system: Machine or and not linked in any way. Remove all support on the breech face for remove the breech face at an angle the cartridge head. As long as the breech of between 45 and 75 degrees as face is removed, the breech block mass is measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be reduced by the required percentage and is permanently fixed in place, and the firing removed across the entire surface pin is removed or shortened, it is of the breech face and elsewhere so permissable for the cocking handle to that bolt/breech block is reduced have independent movement. A de- by minimum 50 % of original mass. natured, scrap fragment of the breech Permanently fix the breech block to block separated from the bolt head and the firearm by welding;