Paper 27 28 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper without needing to go onto further, formal investigation.11 We want the Housing Ombudsman to use its increased resources to support improved complaint handling by landlords and to resolve a greater proportion of formal complaints quickly using mediation. The Housing OmbudsmanÕs new Complaint Handling Code will help support this culture change and will set clearer expectations for landlords on their complaints handling process. 32. New powers are also in place for the Housing Ombudsman to intervene when landlords are unreasonably slow in resolving complaints. Where landlords do not act, in addition to the Housing Ombudsman issuing complaint handling failure orders, the regulator will be able take firm action where necessary where there is evidence of systemic failings and a breach of the consumer standards. The Housing Ombudsman will be able to investigate potential systemic failings and refer the outcome to the landlordÕs board or elected members, to the Ôresponsible personÕ or to the regulator. The Housing Ombudsman will also identify and recommend best practice to landlords, helping to improve services and prevent residents experiencing similar issues. We will keep the Housing OmbudsmanÕs powers, and compliance with them, under review and consider ways to strengthen them, including the option of legislation putting the Complaint Handling Code on a statutory footing. Accelerating redress through the Housing Ombudsman 33. We also want to see the Housing Ombudsman deciding cases more quickly to ensure residents are not waiting months for resolution. The Housing Ombudsman aims to halve the average determination time for complaints formally referred over the next two years: first to 4-5 months by March 2021, then to 3-4 months by March 2022. We have agreed increased resourcing through the 2020/21 Business Plan which will result in a more efficient dispute resolution service.12 To make this work, it is critical that the Housing Ombudsman has prompt access to the evidence it needs to make fair and timely decisions. Delays in landlords providing the necessary information can slow residentsÕ access to redress. 34. That is why we have ensured that a strengthened Housing Ombudsman Scheme and a new Code on complaint handling gives the Housing Ombudsman stronger powers to require landlords to provide the information it needs within a reasonable timeframe. This will deliver quicker decisions and reduce determination times. From 2021 the Housing Ombudsman will use new powers to issue a complaint handling failure order to take appropriate action to progress a complaint if a landlord fails to provide the information as expected. 1. 11 See Page 7, KPI Table https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Housing-Ombudsman-Business-Plan-2019-20.pdf 12 The Housing Ombudsman Business Plan 2020/21 https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Housing-Ombudsman-business-plan-2020-21.pdf The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 29 ÒWe want people living in social housing to be able to access swift and effective resolution and not face unnecessary barriers.Ó 30 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 35. There is high compliance with the orders made by the Housing Ombudsman, with the majority