divorce, talaq,43 which is the annulment of a nikkah,44 as a way of prolonging the process of divorce. The threat of talaq being uttered and the arbitrary use of this by perpetrators may also be cited by some victims. Whilst Islamic law enables women to obtain a religious divorce of their own accord, they may find that they are prevented from doing so, and victims may fear the repercussions of seeking to do so or fear being disowned by family or community members. In some Christian traditions, divorce is either highly discouraged or not recognised at all. In some traditions, separating from an abuser may be tolerated, but divorce is not recognised and therefore any consequent remarriage is not recognised by the Church. In some cases, without the community’s acceptance of the divorce, a victim may be left to remain in the marriage or be isolated by the community and prevented from participating in the Church. Safeguarding remains the highest priority in all cases. Victims of all faiths should be encouraged by professionals and services they engage with to take steps to protect themselves from harm. 41 ‘Get’ – a Jewish bill of divorce. Without such a document, a couple remain married religiously, even if they have been divorced in the civil courts. Jewish couples have their marriages registered civilly at the time of their religious marriage. However, divorce is a twin track process, involving a civil divorce and a religious one (a ‘Get’). In Orthodox Judaism, a Get must be given and received with consent. If the husband does not consent, the wife is unable to remarry under Orthodox Jewish auspices and any children she has in a future relationship will face severe restrictions as to whom they are able to marry. 42 ‘Aguna’ - a woman denied a Get is known as an ‘Aguna’ (chained woman). She is prohibited from having intimate relations with a man other than her husband and cannot remarry under Orthodox Jewish auspices. Any children of a future relationship she may have are affected with a status in Jewish law known as ‘Mamzer’, meaning that they face severe restrictions as to whom they can marry. This situation can continue indefinitely through subsequent generations. 43 ‘Talaq’ translated as "repudiation" or simply "divorce". Under Islamic law it refers to the husband's right to dissolve the marriage by simply announcing to his wife that he repudiates her. 44 ‘Nikkah’ – under Islamic law, a contract of marriage between a man and woman. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance ‘Honour’-based abuse ‘Honour’-based abuse45 is a crime or incident which has or may have been committed to protect or defend the perceived honour of the family and/or community, or in response to individuals trying to break away from constraining ‘norms’ of behaviour that their family or community is trying to impose. ‘Honour’-based abuse can include physical, emotional or psychological abuse and occur in specific contexts, not all of which represent domestic abuse under the 2021 Act, for example in