proceeding being considered due to a loss of confidence in that individualÕs ability to undertake their current role. This could result in a risk assessment of their position in the organisation. The individual could be temporarily transferred from their post and an alternative posting arranged with immediate effect or the person might require suspension from the workplace. Where a positive result identifies the potential for illegal drug misuse, the case will be referred to the Head of Professional Standards Department who will assess what further action is to be taken. Each case will be decided upon its specific circumstances. The independent accredited company will send the results to the occupational health unit or the point of contact within CCU, as agreed by the Head of HR and the OHU. The results of any analysis will be immediately communicated to the individual who provided the sample and their manager in appropriate circumstances. Any decision whether or not to disclose results should be recorded. A distinction needs to be made between testing and self-declaration. An individual with a substance misuse problem should be encouraged to identify themselves and will be assisted in seeking treatment. Any self-declaration must be made before an individual is required to take a test. In particular, a self-declaration by an individual after they have been notified of the requirement to take a test cannot be used to frustrate the disciplinary/misconduct or criminal proceedings that might result from a positive test result. Prior to giving a sample, individuals will be asked to declare whether they have consulted the OHU regarding a substance misuse problem. There may be legitimate reasons for a drug being present in a specimen. For example, the presence of morphine may indicate heroin abuse, or the use of a legitimate medicine (e.g. a painkiller or an anti-diarrhoea preparation). Individuals required to take a test should declare all medications they are taking. The content of such declarations are confidential to the OHU or the medical officer from the independent accredited company which has been agreed by the Head of HR and OHU. A substance misuse problem may be considered as an illness. Where there is reason to believe that an individual may have a substance misuse problem a medical report will be obtained. Where circumstances include potential poor performance or attendance or issues of conduct these will be considered under the relevant procedure and in light of the findings of the medical report. 9.1 Substance Misuse Testing - Random The point of contact within the CCU will be responsible for arranging the random testing. They will establish officers that are on duty on the chosen date and provide the list of ID numbers to the independent accredited service provider on attendance at the test venue. The chosen quantity of officers will then be randomly selected from the list by the independent service provider representative. 9.2 Substance Misuse Testing Ð Ôwith causeÕ Wiltshire Police may request that an individual be tested if they have cause to suspect misuse