(1 day) pay at double time In lieu of each day that you were recalled for the first two days AND: 12 hours annual leave 8 hours annual leave (1 day) and 4 hours (1/2 day) pay at double time In lieu of each day recalled thereafter The above applies to a period of absence from duty of 3 or more days, where at least one of those days is a day of annual leave and other days, if not days of annual leave, are rostered rest days, days taken off in lieu of overtime, public holidays, free days (or days taken off in lieu thereof) or monthly leave days, or any combination thereof. It also applies in the case of a member of a police force who is required to work on a day scheduled to fall in a period of absence from duty as it applies in the case of a member who is recalled to duty from such a period. NB: there is no comparable facility to recall police staff to duty. In the event of there being such a requirement, it would be dependent upon the agreement of the individual in question and recompense should be on the same basis as above. COMPASSIONATE LEAVE Compassionate leave is time off from work when urgent and compelling situations arise such as the death or serious sickness of an immediate relative, guardian or partner of a member of Wiltshire Police. Wiltshire Police have enhanced this entitlement by providing full pay for a reasonable period of time off. Heads of Departments are authorised, after consultation with RMU, to grant paid compassionate leave on occasions of serious illness or the death of an immediate relative, guardian or partner of a member of Wiltshire Police / OPCC. Such leave will not exceed a total of five days in any one year unless considerable travelling is involved (e.g. having to travel abroad). Applications for longer periods of compassionate leave in excess of a week, or in particular circumstances where longer term flexibility or changes to contractual hours may be required, will be considered by the Head of Department and RMU. Individuals or managers must advise RMU of all compassionate leave in order that the abstraction can be recorded on GRS. In order to ensure a fair and consistent application of paid compassionate leave, RMU management will have the autonomy for final decisions. DEPENDANTS LEAVE Dependants leave is an entitlement to take a reasonable amount of unpaid time off work to deal with unexpected events or emergencies and to make necessary longer term arrangements. The emergency must involve a person who is dependent upon the member of staff. Wiltshire Police / OPCC have enhanced this entitlement by providing full pay for a reasonable period of time off. Wiltshire Police / OPCC offer all individuals, regardless of length of service, the right to take a reasonable amount of time off work to deal with certain unexpected emergencies concerning a dependant and to make any necessary