and work together to conclude disputes and conflicts proactively, collaboratively, and in a timely manner. It is the aim of the organisation to reassure all colleagues that no one should feel reprisal in the event of raising a grievance. The document is aimed to provide information for you, your line manager, and all members of the Police Force and the OPCC. The document clearly explains how the grievance process can be approached in an open and professional way. The grievance process provides a framework through which a member of the Police Force or the OPCC can raise concerns that should be addressed in a timely and structured way. Some grievances can be communicated via the appropriate line manager, arranging informal conciliation and engagement with the colleagueÕs agreement. The formal grievance procedure is in place to support where the informal resolution process may not have worked, or an agreement could not be reached. The individual has the right to decline informal resolution and early intervention if they wish to take the formal route. The grievance procedure comprises of three stages: Informal Informal resolution and engagement with your line manager, or an alternative suitable manager, or HR representative to explore the grievance and discuss possible resolution. Formal Formal Investigation and resolution meeting(s) Appeal Formal Appeal to Senior Management or Executive Leadership Team Term Meaning An outcome that provides the individual with satisfaction that their concern has been given Resolution Mediation Individual Assigned Manager Investigating Officer due consideration and where possible & appropriate, that action has been taken to address their concerns An exchange of views that provides a basis for resolution of the concerns that have been raised. Facilitated by a third party, both parties enter into an agreement and commitments to support a mutually agreeable outcome. The individual who is raising the complaint The nominated member of the organisation who is responsible for the informal stage of the process including reviewing all information and advising on the most appropriate method of resolution. The nominated member of the organisation who is responsible for the completion of the investigation and advising on the most appropriate method of resolution. Policy Aim ? The grievance policy is aimed to secure sustainable solutions to workplace disputes, conflicts and complaints. Examples of this may include; Disagreements between colleagues Disagreements within or between teams or departments Disagreements between managers and their colleagues or team Concerns or complaints about the allocation or distribution of resource or workload Concerns or complaints raised around the organisations decision making General Principles ? This process is aligned to the ACAS Code of Practice for grievance procedures. By raising a grievance, the individual is accepting the terms of this procedure and enters into the process with the agreement to seek a resolution. All parties should have the opportunity to seek an amicable resolution at the most appropriate stage within the process. The individual has the right to representation for all stages of the process. Confidentiality should be defined and agreed at the start of