one-to-one meetings or as part of the ePDR process. Therefore, all supervisors should be fully aware and able to inform individuals of the support mechanisms in place to support colleagues experiencing financial and attendant difficulties. Those employees affected by debt will be dealt with as a welfare concern unless the debt is linked to criminality or there is wilful neglect in the discharge of it. The focus will be on encouraging the individual to take action to manage their financial position. Under no circumstances should any individual provide or offer financial advice to colleagues experiencing financial difficulties. Managers should notify the Counter-Corruption Unit (CCU) of anyone they know to have unmanageable debt or who they suspect to be vulnerable through addictive or obsessive behaviours (for instance gambling or on-line shopping) that make them susceptible to corrupt practices or influences. All notifications will be treated in confidence and no further disclosures will be made unless there is a statutory requirement to do so or the risk of not sharing information (for example from a health and wellbeing perspective and / or ensuring compliance with Police Regulations / Standards of Professional Behaviour) is greater than the benefit of observing confidentiality considerations. In all cases, colleagues will be treated with respect, dignity and compassion and a non-judgemental posture will be maintained at all times. Although managers should always seek to actively support their staff through any issues with unmanageable debt and borrowing, it will not be unreasonable to point out the consequences should an individual refuse to take ownership of their situation and fail to complete a notification. In circumstances such as this, the supervisor must refer the matter to the CCU as soon as practicable. 5. DISCLOSURE PROCESS Where Police Officers, Police Staff and embedded 3rd parties incur levels of debt / borrowing that is, or is likely to become unmanageable, they must: • Ensure that all methods employed to resolve the situation are lawful and in accordance with current recognised procedures • • Discuss the situation initially with Management Problems outside work can affect a personÕs ability to perform effectively at work and it is therefore important that line management is given the opportunity to consider the welfare of the member of staff and put in place support locally, where appropriate. • Disclose the matter to CCU Make contact with the CCU to disclose - this can be done by email CCU@wiltshire.police.uk or by direct contact with CCU staff. • Consider seeking support from Occupational Health Unit Where appropriate, contact should be made with OHU to ensure a clinical assessment is performed. This will be to assess if any underlying health issues may be contributing to, or as a result of, their financial situation and to provide the clinician with an opportunity to advise on whether the individual is fit to fulfil their current role. This process will follow in line with the Occupational Health Unit Policy and Occupational Health Unit Confidentiality Statement. • Consider seeking support from Federation/UNISON/WEPA Staff Associations