samples are sent by the forensic pathologist conducting the initial post mortem, to a second forensic pathologist acting for the defence. In such cases, the first forensic pathologist should seek permission from the SIO to do this, and mechanisms should be put in place to ensure that such samples are returned to police to facilitate disposal in an appropriate manner. The Forensic Science Regulator has issued guidance in this regard entitled ÔProvision of Human Tissue to the DefenceÕ. Sending samples for examination outside of the jurisdiction There may be occasions when the Home OfficeÕs registered forensic pathologist, or the pathologist acting for the defence, wishes to send human tissue for examination to an expert outside of the jurisdiction (for instance where no suitable forensic expert can be found in the UK). It should be noted that the export of evidence can give rise to problems: • The material will be outside the control of the police or coroner on whose authority it is held; • The material is no longer under the control of the courts in this jurisdiction; • It will be difficult to supervise the actions of those in possession of the material; • The risk of the material being lost is increased; • The maintenance of continuity will be more difficult, and • The material will be subject to the laws of the country to which it is exported, and this creates a risk of satellite litigation. It is therefore recommended that human tissue is not exported outside of the three UK jurisdictions unless absolutely necessary (when for instance a suitable expert cannot be sourced within the UK). Regular reviews of human tissue seized by police It is the responsibility of the SIO to ensure that reviews of human tissue exhibits are undertaken regularly throughout the investigation. This is particularly important prior to the release of the body and at the post-trial debrief. It is recommended that an early (or perennial) action is entered onto Home Office Large Major Enquiries System 2 (ÔHOLMES 2Õ) for this purpose at the start of the investigation. Disposal of human tissue material A debrief should take place at the end of each suspicious death or homicide inquiry to decide on the question of tissue retention. This should involve (as appropriate) the police, coroner, CPS and the forensic pathologist and be documented in a recoverable form. This does not need to be a physical meeting, but clear decisions need to be made and recorded in consultation (by whatever means) concerning the retention and disposal of human tissue. In cases where either: • The outcome of the death investigation is not one of homicide; or • The outcome of the death investigation is homicide, but the human tissue taken at post mortem is not required for the ongoing investigation; the human tissue should be returned to the body, if possible, prior to release to the next of kin/personal representative/s. In cases where the body has already been returned to the next of kin