part of a building or structure, and (c) there is another part of that building or structure that is not subject to the prohibition or restriction, an occupier or owner of that other part may apply to the appropriate court for an order under this section. (2) The appropriate court isÑ (a) the magistrates' court, in the case of an order under section 80, 81 or 82; (b) the Crown Court, in the case of an order under section 84. (3) Notice of an application under this section must be given toÑ (a) whatever constable the court thinks appropriate; (b) the local authority; (c) a person on whom the closure notice was served under section 79; (d) anyone else who has an interest in the premises but on whom the closure notice was not served. (4) On an application under this section the court may make whatever order it thinks appropriate in relation to access to any part of the building or structure mentioned in subsection (1). It does not matter whether provision has been made under section 80(8)(b). 88 Reimbursement of costs (1) A local policing body or a local authority that incurs expenditure for the purpose of clearing, securing or maintaining premises in respect of which a closure order is in force may apply to the court that made the order for an order under this section. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 63 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) On an application under this section the court may make whatever order it thinks appropriate for the reimbursement (in full or in part) by the owner or occupier of the premises of the expenditure mentioned in subsection (1). (3) An application for an order under this section may not be heard unless it is made before the end of the period of 3 months starting with the day on which the closure order ceases to have effect. (4) An order under this section may be made only against a person who has been served with the application for the order. (5) An application under this section must also be served onÑ (a) the local policing body for the area in which the premises are situated, if the application is made by a local authority; (b) the local authority, if the application is made by a local policing body. 89 Exemption from liability (1) A police officer, or the chief officer of police under whose