4.7). Potential signs of risk might be mentioned by a girl, her family or her friends to different professionals. For example, if a girl tells her teacher about an impending special ceremony, and in the following week the girl is taken to the GP surgery to receive travel vaccinations for planned departure, the knowledge of both of these details is critical to understanding the risk the girl faces. For this reason, professionals should: • be aware and act upon the wide range of risk factors (see Annex B) in relation to FGM; • have a consistent approach to sharing information with partner agencies and reviewing the individual situation; and • put in place safeguarding actions which reflect the needs of the girl. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 49 Equally, multi-agency working needs to be flexible and responsive to individual circumstances. For example, a policy to routinely refer all girls born to mothers who have FGM within seven days of birth to childrenÕs social care may not meet the needs of the girl. In this example, referral may be made at a stage where the risk has not fully developed and is not imminent which may result in the case being closed. Further action may not be appropriate at that time, but if circumstances change (for example, a relative moves into the family home, or the familyÕs beliefs change), then safeguarding action may be required. Once a potential risk of FGM has been identified, this information should be shared between professionals and agencies to ensure that there is ongoing awareness of this risk. If a risk of FGM is identified, the first steps when safeguarding girls and women will normally come in the form of discussions with the girl, her parents, and other family members. See Annex C for advice on how to have these conversations. Having established that there are recognised signs of the risk of FGM, a professional should undertake a risk assessment. Health professionals and relevant organisations in England, should have regard to the Department of Health guidance for professionals, ÔFemale Genital Mutilation Risk and SafeguardingÕ54. As part of the assessment, professionals should make sure that the girl and/or appropriate family members understand: • that FGM is illegal; • the potential health consequences of FGM; • any actions taken; • that information will be shared about this with colleagues and partner organisations as appropriate. When deciding what course of action to take, professionals may need to consult with their local/designated safeguarding lead and should always ensure that actions are consistent with local safeguarding policies. The course of action chosen should be based upon the needs of the girl or women identified as being at risk and will vary depending on the circumstances. 54 http://www.gov.uk/government/publications/safeguarding-women-and-girls-at-risk-of-fgm 50 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation D.2.1 Girl (Under 18) who is Suspected to have Undergone FGM If any professional suspects that a girl has undergone FGM their named/designated safeguarding lead must be made aware and an immediate