harm, or child cruelty, neglect, and violence. This last offence, under section 1 of the Children and Young Person Act 193314 was amended in 2015, to include causing a child emotional or psychological suffering, including through exposure to domestic abuse. Pursuant to section 31(9) of the Children Act 1989 “harm” means ill- treatment or the impairment of health or development of the child as a result of seeing or hearing the ill-treatment of another person. “Development” means physical, 14 Section 1 of the Children and Young Person Act 1933 concerns cruelty to persons under sixteen. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance intellectual, emotional, social or behavioural development; “Ill treatment” includes sexual abuse and forms of ill-treatment which are not physical. Box 2.1: Domestic Abuse Act 2021 – Part 1 – Definition of domestic abuse Section 1: Definition of “domestic abuse” This section defines “domestic abuse” for the purposes of this Act. Behaviour of a person (“A”) towards another person (“B”) is “domestic abuse” if— A and B are each aged 16 or over and are “personally connected” to each other, and the behaviour is abusive. Behaviour is “abusive” if it consists of any of the following— physical or sexual abuse; violent or threatening behaviour; controlling or coercive behaviour; economic abuse (see subsection (4)); psychological, emotional or other abuse; and it does not matter whether the behaviour consists of a single incident or a course of conduct. “Economic abuse” means any behaviour that has a substantial adverse effect on B’s ability to — acquire, use or maintain money or other property, or obtain goods or services. For the purposes of this Act, A’s behaviour may be behaviour “towards” B despite the fact that it consists of conduct directed at another person (for example, B’s child). References in this Act to being abusive towards another person are to be read in accordance with this section. For the meaning of “personally connected”, see section 2. Section 2: Definition of “personally connected” Two people are “personally connected” to each other if any of the following applies — they are, or have been, married to each other; they are, or have been, civil partners of each other; they have agreed to marry one another (whether or not the agreement has been terminated); Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance they have entered into a civil partnership agreement (whether or not the agreement has been terminated); they are, or have been, in an intimate personal relationship with each other; they each have, or there has been a time when they each have had, a parental relationship in relation to the same child (see subsection (2)); they are relatives. For the purposes of subsection (1)(f) a person has a parental relationship in relation to a child if — the person is a parent of the child, or; the person has parental responsibility for the child. In this section — “child” means a person under the age of 18 years; “civil partnership agreement” has the meaning given by section