have been made to support someone in a mental health crisis. 100% of hospitals with a type 1 Emergency Department have a 24/7 liaison service (on site or via in-reach), which is a specialist service providing mental health care in a physical health setting, and 77% of services are commissioned at Ôcore 24Õ1 or an approved equivalent, exceeding the LTP target of 70% by 2023/24. The Government is also investing £150 million in capital funding for new projects to support mental health crisis response and urgent mental health care. This includes £7 million for mental health ambulances and £143 million on alternative options to A&E and inpatient care for people requiring urgent mental health care. This investment will fund over 200 schemes, with over 100 already complete and over 60 more expected to be completed by this winter. In addition, 51 Mental Health Ambulances have been ordered in 2023/24 and 37 in 2024/25 (a total of 88). The Government is pleased to see that the NPCCÕs Mental Health and Policing Strategy 2022-25 includes recording and reporting data as a priority, and that the guidance toolkit on RCRP includes a module on baselining of data. The NPCCÕs mental health portfolio will continue to monitor improvements to data quality as a Strategy objective. Guidance products for health and social care partners, which have been produced by NHSE and DHSC respectively, encourage multi-agency partners to work collaboratively to identify what data is useful to collect, to agree legally compliant mechanisms for sharing data and to use this data to inform implementation decisions. The NPCC has produced guidance for police forces on the Multi-agency Response for Adults Missing from Health and Care Settings: National Framework for England and is committed to implementing that framework in the manner set out in that guidance. Much of the substance of the guidance has been incorporated into the guidance produced by NPCC and the College of Policing on RCRP. The approach set out in the Multi-agency Response for Adults Missing from Health and Care Settings: National Framework for 1 A liaison mental health service model provided 24 hours, 7 days a week, commonly provided across urgent and emergency care pathways. England is referenced and reinforced in new guidance on implementing RCRP aimed at health and social care partners, which will be published shortly by NHSE and DHSC respectively. The Government's Draft Mental Health Bill set out ways in which the Mental Health Act 1983 could be updated. The Government has carefully considered the Joint CommitteeÕs pre-legislative scrutiny report on the draft Bill, and our response has recently been published. Although it has not been possible to include the Bill in the legislative programme for the current parliamentary session, the Government intends to bring forward a Mental Health Bill when parliamentary time allows. In the meantime, the Government continues to take forward non-legislative commitments to improve the care and treatment of people detained under the Act. Looking Ahead Productivity in Policing The Home Office recognises how the Policing Productivity