which the problem and opportunity for data collection started and in part because they were designed to add additional depth to the FOI rather than to develop conclusions in themselves. However, they do constitute the only interviews with needle spiking victims in academic research to date. Overall patterns from the FOI data Despite some di#erences in how police forces searched their recording systems for the needle spiking incidents in response to our request, the reporting pattern they followed as a whole data set was fairly consistent. 25 police forces provided the number of recorded incidents broken down by the month requested. From an extremely low base rate in September 2021, the overall pattern was a rapid increase in needle spiking in October, with the increase continuing into November 2021 for the majority of forces, before a reduction in December that same year. This was substantially higher than for the same months in previous years. We do not name individual forces here as the purpose is to show the pattern across the autumn/winter months, rather than to show which forces had ÔmoreÕ or ÔlessÕ. It is also important to note that some of the largest forces, including the Metropolitan Police, Police Scotland and the location that saw the "rst recorded case Ð Nottinghamshire Ð all failed to supply data despite a number of follow ups. Hence, it is the pattern (a sudden increase for October and November followed by a reduction in December) not the overall number of recorded incidents (which is certainly a substantial undercount) that is relevant here (Figure 1). Figure 1. Number of incidents by month and year. Display full size The location of the needle stick injury was recorded in 309 incidents. The most frequently recorded location was an arm (the injury location in 127 incidents, 41% of the 309 incidents where injury location was recorded). Next most frequent were leg (85 incidents, 28%), back (25 incidents, 8%), hand (21 incidents, 7%) shoulder (15 incidents, 5%) and buttock (14 incidents, 5%). Also recorded but for under ten incidents each were hip, wrist, groin, stomach and neck. Spiking victims do not always know where they were at when the spiking happened. This means there are some limitations to location data. This was also the case for some of the victims we interviewed, although some had clearer recollections: Basically, IÕd been out on an afternoon with two other couples, we went to a bar to celebrate someoneÕs 50th. WeÕd been there an hour, maybe an hour and a half and I bumped into someone when I walked out of the toilets, and clearly they had spiked me with a syringe. Within 10-15 minutes I had collapsed, this is at 6pm on a Saturday afternoon. I went outside and collapsed again, and then went from bad to worse. ThatÕs what I can remember. (Participant 2) For those incidents where there was some recollection or suspicion about where the incident had taken place, a pub, bar or club was the most