or from which it can readily be produced in a visible or legible form, and (b) an order under paragraph 2(1)(b) has effect as an order to give a constable access to the material in a form in which it is visible and legible. 4 For the purposes of sections 21 and 22 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, material produced in pursuance of an order under paragraph 2(1)(a) is to be treated as if it were material seized by a constable. Notices of applications for orders 5 (1) An application for an order under paragraph 2 that relates to material that consists of or includes journalistic material is to be made inter partes. 1 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Special procedure for access to material relating to human remains Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 293 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) Notice of an application for an order under paragraph 2 that relates to such material may be served on a personÑ (a) by delivering it to the person, (b) by leaving it at the personÕs proper address, or (c) by sending it by post to the person in a registered letter or by a recorded delivery service. (3) Notice of an application for an order under paragraph 2 that relates to such material may be servedÑ (a) on a body corporate, by serving it on the bodyÕs secretary or clerk or other similar officer; (b) on a partnership, by serving it on one of the partners. (4) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2), and of section 7 of the Interpretation Act 1978 in its application to that sub-paragraph, the proper address of a personÑ (a) in the case of a secretary or clerk or other similar officer of a body corporate, is that of the registered or principal office of that body; (b) in the case of a partner of a firm is that of the principal office of the firm; (c) in any other case is the last known address of the person to be served. 6 (1) Where notice of an application for an order under paragraph 2 has been served on a person, the person must not conceal, destroy, alter or dispose of the material to which the application relates until sub-paragraph (2) applies exceptÑ (a) with the leave of a judge, or (b) with the written permission of a constable. (2) This paragraph applies whenÑ (a) the application is dismissed or abandoned, or (b) the person has complied with an order under paragraph 2 made on the