beams. Emergency planning An important consideration for the owners and trustees is the protection of valuable artefacts and paintings from the effects of fire. However, the efficient evacuation of all occupants must take precedence over procedures for limiting damage to property and contents. Salvage work should be limited to those parts of the building not directly affected by the fire. 126 Fire wardens and others tasked with carrying out salvage work should have received formal training, adequate protection and be fully briefed about the health and safety risk assessment carried out to identify the dangers associated with this activity. Further detailed advice on fire safety in historic buildings can be found in the following publications: • BS 7913: Guide to the principles of the conservation of historic buildings, British Standards Institution. • Heritage under fire: A guide to the protection of historic buildings, Fire Protection Association (for the UK Working Party on Fire Safety in Historic Buildings) 1991, ISBN 0902167944. • The Installation of Sprinkler Systems in Historic Buildings (Historic Scotland Technical Advice Note S.), Fire Protection Association (TCRE Division/Scottish Conservation Bureau, Hist.) 1998, ISBN 1 900168 63 4. • Fire Protection Measures in Scottish Historic Buildings: Advice on Measures Required to Minimise the Likelihood of Fire Starting and to Alleviate the Destructive Consequences of Fire in Historic Buildings (Technical Advice Note), TCRE Division/Scottish Conservation Bureau, Hist. 1997, ISBN 1 900168 41 3. • Fire Risk Management in Heritage Buildings (Technical Advice Note), TCRE Division/ Scottish Conservation Bureau, Hist. 2001, ISBN 1 900168 71 5. • Summary and conclusions of the report into fire protection measures for the Royal Palaces by Sir Alan Bailey. Following the Windsor Castle fire, 1992. • The fire at Upton Park. Published by the National Trust. • Timber panelled doors and fire. Published by English Heritage. • Fire safety in historic town centres. Published by English Heritage and Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service. • Appendix D Glossary These definitions are provided to assist the responsible person in understanding some of the technical terms used in this guide. They are not exhaustive and more precise definitions may be available in other guidance. Term Definition Access room A room through which the only escape route from an inner room passes. Accommodation stairway A stairway, additional to that required for means of escape purposes, provided for the convenience of occupants. Alterations notice If your premises are considered by the enforcing authority to be high risk, they may issue an alterations notice that requires you to inform them before making any material alterations to your premises. Alternative escape route Escape routes sufficiently separated by either direction and space, or by fire-resisting construction to ensure that one is still available irrespective of the location of a fire. Approved Document B (ADB)24 Guidance issued by Government in support of the fire safety aspects of the building regulations. As low as reasonably practicable Is a concept where risks should continue to be reduced until you reach a point where the cost and