foremost. What is perhaps unique to the Neighbourhood Policing Programme in England and Wales and is so far largely absent from other community policing initiatives is an attempt to integrate its goals into police service performance monitoring methods. As mentioned above, Best Value Performance Indicators were introduced and used in the late 80s and early 90s to assess if the police service was achieving ‘efficiency and effectiveness’ as determined by nationally-set organisational goals. A BVPI related to ‘public reassurance and quality of life’ was proposed in 2003 (Herrington and Millie 2006), but until then, the entire performance assessment programme was geared towards traditional policing goals and methods. All the BVPIs were condensed and renamed ‘Statutory Performance Indicators’ in 2004 in a new Policing Performance and Assessment Framework (PPAF) (Flanagan 2008). Included in the new SPIs are a measure of ‘public confidence’ (SPI 2) and three ‘quality of life’ measures (SPI 10a- c). While it is interesting to see a new recognition of reassurance-type measures, all of these indicators are assessed using specific elements of the British Crime Survey (Home Office 2006). This is an annual national survey of the public’s experiences of crime, and while it is largely regarded as a very valuable tool in measuring crime rates, it does not quite address the more qualitative aspects of reassurance, confidence and fear.vii Fielding and Innes (2006) have argued for the importance of qualitative measures of police performance, especially those which capture the opinions of key informants. These are people with a detailed knowledge of life in their community, especially as it has changed over time. Fielding and Innes (2006) feel that response reliability is greatly improved if the people targeted are in a position to know about performance under neighbourhood policing. These approaches can actually be more reliable than a random survey, if done well. As mentioned above, the core principles of neighbourhood policing include ‘evidence-based’ deployment and employing the National Intelligence Model (NIM). These point to the relevance of another type of policing strategy within neighbourhood policing, specifically, that of ‘intelligence-led policing’. It is to this that we now turn, to discuss what it is and how it can co-exist with community- orientated approaches. INTELLIGENCE-LED POLICING In the early 1990s, the police in the UK were under increasing pressure to do their work more ‘efficiently and effectively’, as has been discussed above. Part of the response to this call came in the form of ‘intelligence-led policing’. This is designed to be a more proactive approach to policing than what had taken place before. Up until the 1990s, much police work was reactionary, taking each incident in isolation and responding to the particular crime in question. In intelligence-led policing, it is the criminal who matters first, as crimes do not always happen in isolation from each other and criminals can work in networks. It was theorised that by taking a more systematic approach, where certain people are investigated for their criminal activity, not only could more crimes be detected and