unpredictable and dangerous nature of operational police business and sets out the expectations on the police service in relation to the management of these situations. Definition of Stress The Health and Safety Executive defines stress as Òthe adverse reaction people have to excessive pressure or other types of demand placed on themÓ. This makes an important distinction between pressure, which can be a positive state if managed correctly, and stress which can be detrimental to health. What causes stress? Many things (or the anticipation of them) can lead to stress: • pressure to perform at work, at school or in sports • threats of physical violence • money worries • arguments • family conflicts • divorce • bereavement • unemployment • moving house • alcohol or drug abuse • Who gets stressed? The list above shows that everyone is at risk of being stressed, since it can be caused by a range of commonplace situations. However, people have very different mental responses to the bodyÕs natural reaction to a stressful situation. For some it can be an essential stimulus, helping motivate them to achieve more. In others it causes an adverse reaction, causing a sense of not being able to cope and demotivation. It is important to differentiate between temporary stress that you know will go away when a situation is resolved, and long-term or chronic stress. Most people can cope with short periods of stress, and it can often be relieved by relaxing, taking a walk, chatting through issues with friends, or having a good nightÕs sleep. Chronic (long-term, continuous) stress is much harder to deal with, and can be psychologically and emotionally damaging, both for an individual and for friends and family. The symptoms of stress Everyone reacts to stress differently, but there are some common effects that help us recognise it. In times of extreme stress, people may shake uncontrollably, hyperventilate (breathe faster and deeper than normal) or even vomit. For people with asthma, stress can trigger an attack. People who are chronically stressed are also susceptible to any of the following: • periods of irritability or anger • apathy or depression • constant anxiety • irrational behaviour • loss of appetite • comfort eating • lack of concentration • loss of sex drive • increased smoking, drinking or recreational drug taking There can also be physical effects, which may include the following: • excessive tiredness • skin problems • aches and pains resulting from tense muscles, including neckache, backache and tension headaches • increased pain from arthritis and other conditions • heart palpitations • for women, missed periods • Tackling stress If you feel that you are suffering from stress, try to identify the aspects of your life that are causing it. Sometimes you may not be able to change or avoid them, but at other times simple lifestyle changes can make all the difference. There are several strategies that can help you deal with stress • delegating or sharing your responsibilities at work • avoiding