wishes to continue the interview but does not already have a second set of recording media, they should obtain a set. The interviewee should not be left unattended in the interview room. The person conducting the interview should remove the recording media from the recorder and insert the new recording media, which, if practicable, should be unwrapped or otherwise opened in the intervieweeÕs presence. The recorder should then be set to record on the new recording media. Care should be taken, particularly when a number of sets of recording media have been used, to ensure that there is no confusion between them. This may be done by marking the recording media with an identification number immediately after they are removed from the recorder. Taking a break during interview 229. When a break is to be taken during the course of an interview and the interview room is to be vacated by the interviewee, the fact that a break is to be taken, the reason for it and the time should be recorded on the recording media. The recording media should then be removed from the recorder and the procedure for the conclusion of an interview as set out in paragraph 234 below followed. 230. When a break is to be a short one and both the interviewee and the person conducting the interview are to remain in the interview room, the fact that a break is to be taken, the reasons for it and the time should be recorded on the recording media. The recorder may be turned off. There is, however, no need to remove the recording media and when the interview is recommenced the recording should be continued on the same recording media. The time at which the interview recommences should be recorded on the recording media. Failure of recording equipment 231. If there is a failure of equipment, which can be rectified quickly, for example by inserting new recording media, the appropriate procedures set out in this code must be followed. When the recording is resumed the person conducting the interview must explain what has happened and record the time the interview recommences. If, however, it will not be possible to continue recording on that particular recorder and no replacement recorder or recorder in another interview room is readily available, the interview may continue without being recorded on recording media. 187. Removing recording media from the recorder 232. Where recording media are removed from the recorder in the course of an interview, they should be retained and the procedure as set out in paragraph 234 below followed. Conclusion of interview 233. The person conducting the interview should inform the interviewee that they have no further questions and offer the interviewee an opportunity to clarify anything they have said and to say anything further they wish. Any solicitor, qualified accountant or appropriate adult present at the interview along with the interviewee, should be given the opportunity to ask the interviewee any question the purpose of which is to