of their daily activities.27 Trustworthy access to such data can help generate insights for public policy and research, enabling the government to better understand the impact of its policy interventions in rapidly-evolving circumstances. Their expertise in the collection and management of data means the Office for National Statistics is well-placed to lead the development of governance frameworks for these new data sources. Government should enhance their role in this respect through the National Data Strategy and associated policy frameworks. 23 ÔUnlocking digital competitionÕ, Report of the Digital Competition Expert Panel, UK Government (2019) 24 New competition regime for tech giants to give consumers more choice and control over their data, and ensure businesses are fairly treated, UK Government (November 2020) 25 National Data Strategy, UK Government (September 2020). Mission 2 regards a pro-growth and trusted data regime, and Mission 3 concerns transforming the government's use of data. 26 The Data Delusion: Protecting Individual Data Isn't Enough When The Harm is Collective, FSI Stanford ( July 2020) 27 Data readiness: lessons from an emergency, DELVE Report No 7 (November 2020) 17 24 AI ROADMAP DATA, INFRASTRUCTURE AND PUBLIC TRUST 25 Making the UK the best place in the world to research and use AI requires it to be world-leading in the provision of responsive regulation and governance. While fundamental principles of good governance may be fixed and apply across sectors, the details will not, and this means that the systems of governance themselves need to be ready to respond and adapt more frequently than has typically been true of systems of governance in the past. We therefore suggest commissioning an independent entity to provide recommendations on the next steps in the evolution of governance mechanisms, including impact and risk assessments, best practice principles, ethical processes and institutional mechanisms that will increase and sustain public trust. Public trust in the applications of AI and algorithms depends on the trustworthiness of these applications and those that develop and implement these. Good governance also needs to encourage good culture amongst the individuals and organisations that are responsible for the development and application of advanced information technology. At the same time, the UK needs to continue investing in data- specific regulatory capacity and algorithmic accountability, ensuring that institutions are well funded to cover the advisory, enforcement and regulatory landscapes as sector digitalisation continues at pace. UK governance should combine sector-specific expertise with cross-sector insights, bringing regulators in different sectors together to connect with each other and begin to experiment with new ways of encouraging safe AI innovation across and within their remit. Digital Twins and Living Labs Applying AI systems responsibly inevitably requires a great deal of development before getting anywhere near the physical world. Digital twins (a realistic representation of assets, processes, systems or institutions in the built, societal or natural environments) are increasingly recognised as important in many fields as they can provide insight into how complex physical assets and citizens behave in real time and can help organisations improve decision-making and optimising