bag with first aid markings • 1 guidance card • 20 individual sterile adhesive plasters • 2 sterile eye pads with attachment • 4 triangular bandages (individually wrapped and preferably sterile) • 6 safety pins • 6 sterile medium sized wound dressings • 2 sterile large wound dressings • 2 pairs of disposable hypoallergenic gloves • 1 pair of dressing scissors • 10 First aid wipes In addition all Force first aiders will be provided with a personal issue resuscitation pocket mask. No additional items should be stored within standard first aid containers this includes medication and tablets. In high risk areas such as the Special Enhancement Unit and Vehicle Workshops additional first aid items appropriate to the risk may be included as per the local first aid risk assessment. No medication or tablets to be stored in the first aid kit. Vehicle First Aid Containers All new vehicles are supplied with a vehicle first aid container from the Vehicle Fleet Department. If a replacement vehicle is provided the container must be removed and transferred to the new vehicle. Replenishment items for the first aid containers will be ordered and managed locally using the normal requisitioning procedure. Vehicle first Aid Containers Contents Ð Green plastic box with first aid markings • 1 guidance card • 20 individual sterile adhesive plasters • 4 triangular bandages • 4 safety pins • 6 medium sized wound dressings • 6 large wound dressings • 2 pairs of disposable hypoallergenic gloves • 2 one way valve resusciades • 2 disposable foil blankets • 2 crepe bandages (7.5 x 4.5cm) • 1 pair of tuffcut scissors • 6 germicide first aid wipes • 6 paper towels • 1 roll of adhesive tape • 1 yellow clinical waste bag • 1 rondo pad (10cm x 10cm) • • 1 ambulance dressing (28cm x 17cm) No additional items should be stored within the above first aid containers this includes medication and tablets. Force Tactical Medics First Aid Containers These specialist containers are provided to all Force Tactical Medics and contain first aid specialist equipment. Full details of the contents of these containers are available from the Officer Safety Training Department. Custody First Aid Provision First Aid Kit 1 x Large Green First Aid Bag 1 x Heart Start Card with BLS Protocols 1 x Resuscitation Mask with One Way Valve 3 x Extra Large Sterile Wound Dressings 2 x Large Sterile Wound Dressings 6 x Medium Sterile Wound Dressings 2 x Eye Pad Sterile Wound Dressings 3 x Triangular Bandages 1 x Tuff Cut Dressing Scissors 3 x Pairs of Non Latex Gloves 20 x Individual Sterile Adhesive Plasters 10 x Germicidal First Aid Wipes 2 x Rolls of Hypo allergic Tape 1 x 500 ml Bottle of Sterile Eye Wash Resuscitation Equipment in Green First Aid Bag 1 x Bag Valve Mask Ð Adult (only trained medical practitioners to use) 1 x Bag Valve Mask Ð Infant (only trained medical practitioners to use) 1 x Set Oropharyngeal