. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Importation of indecent or obscene material [F202In Part 1 of Schedule 5 to each of the 1984 Act and the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989 1341 (N.I. 12)) (serious arrestable offences), after paragraph 8 there shall be inserted— “9 An offence under section 170 of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 (c. 2) of being knowingly concerned, in relation to any goods, in any fraudulent evasion or attempt at evasion of a prohibition in force with Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 67 Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes respect to the goods under section 42 of the Customs Consolidation Act 1876 (c. 36) (prohibition on importing indecent or obscene articles).”] Detention and arrest Use of video and telephone links for decisions about detention The 1984 Act shall be amended as follows. After section 40 there shall be inserted— “40A Use of telephone for review under s. 40 This section applies, notwithstanding anything in section 40 above, where in the case of a person who has been arrested but not charged— it is not reasonably practicable for an officer of at least the rank of inspector to be present in the police station where that person is held to carry out any review of that person’s detention that is required by subsection (1)(b) of that section; and the review is not one which regulations under section 45A below authorise to be carried out using video-conferencing facilities, or is one which it is not reasonably practicable, in the circumstances, to carry out using any such facilities. The review may be carried out by an officer of at least the rank of inspector who has access to a means of communication by telephone to persons in the police station where the arrested person is held. Where any review is carried out under this section by an officer who is not present at the station where the arrested person is held— any obligation of that officer to make a record in connection with the carrying out of the review shall have effect as an obligation to cause another officer to make the record; any requirement for the record to be made in the presence of the arrested person shall apply to the making of that record by that other officer; and the requirements under section 40(12)