The firearms security handbook provides guidance for police and others on securely storing and moving guns. The 2023 leaflet air weapons: a brief guide to safety contains information on the safe handling and storage of air weapons, the di?erent types of air weapons and air weapons and the law. The specifications for adapting shotgun magazines were revised in 2010. Apply for a shotgun or firearms certificate You need a firearms certificate issued by the police to possess, buy or acquire a firearm or shotgun. You must also have a certificate to buy ammunition. Apply for a shotgun or firearms certificate from your local police force. Before applying for a certificate, please refer to our g uide on firearms licensing law which contains information about the possession of firearms by persons previously convicted of crime (section 21 of the Firearms Act 1968). You can find information about the fees charged for firearms applications on police websites and in our g uide on firearms licensing law. You should raise any enquiries or complaints about an application directly with the relevant local police force. Apply for a Home O?ce firearms licence You can apply for or manage a: prohibited weapons and ammunition (section 5) authority shooting club approval museum licence You can find information about the relevant fee in circular 006/2019: Firearms (Fees) Regulations 2019. See also chapter 19 in our g uide on firearms licensing law. Deactivated firearms This section sets out the law on deactivated firearms and information on the current deactivation standards. It also includes details of earlier deactivation standards that may still apply in some cases. Technical specifications New technical specifications for deactivated weapons came into force on 8 April 2016. The aim was to set common standards which would render deactivated weapons irreversibly inoperable. The current deactivation standards reflect the revised standards that came into force from 28 June 2018 following a review of the Implementing regulation - 2015/2403 specifications. Firearms that fall outside the scope of Implementing Regulation 2018/337 should be deactivated to the requirements of the 2010 Specification - Adapting shotgun magazines and deactivating firearms. Such firearms include, but are not limited to, flare pistols, launchers, mortars and artillery pieces. Deactivation certificates issued by the Proof Authority before the Regulations came into force are still valid. It is only when the owner of a previously deactivated firearm seeks to transfer it, or to o?er to sell or gift the weapon, or sells or gifts the weapon, they will need to comply with the new standards. Deactivated firearms that fall outside the scope of Implementing Regulation 2018/337 can still be transferred without the need for them to comply with the latest standards; these include flare pistols, launchers, mortars and artillery pieces. Notifying possession or transfer Should an owner subsequently wish to sell or transfer their deactivated firearm, the Home O?ce would need to be notified about the transaction. Details on how to notify possession or transfer of deactivated firearms is contained in Home O?ce Circular 010/2019: Firearms