and heaters; • keep displays away from ceiling voids which may lack fire barriers; and • ensure that there are no igntion sources in the vicinity. Staff information should be confined to appropriately located display boards in areas away from escape routes. Display boards may be used on escape routes as long as they are no bigger than 1m2 or have been enclosed in a sealed display case. Catering facilities Wherever possible any extensive catering facilities, particularly those with deep fryers, should be located in a seperate building, or alternatively, seperated from the remainder of the building by fire doors and fire resisting construction and provided with adequate ventilation. Where flues pass through any part of the structure, the structure should be protected by fire resisting construction. Where fire shutters are used these should be capable of operating both manually and by fusible link. Where a fire detection and warning system is installed, the fire shutter should also be designed to close on activation of the system via a controlled geared mechanism. Fire-resisting structures Many buildings are divided into different areas by fire doors and fire-resisting walls and floors. These are partly designed to keep a fire within one area, giving people more time to escape. You will need to identify which doors, walls and floors in your building are fire-resisting. There may be information available from when the building was built, if alterations have been made, or from a previously held fire certificate. High-risk areas should be seperated from the rest of the premises by 30-minute fire- resisting construction. Normally if there are fire doors in a wall, then the wall itself will also need to be fire-resisting. (See Appendix B1 for more information about fire-resisting walls.) If a wall or floor is required to be fire-resisting then you should not make any holes in it, e.g. for extra doors or pipe ducts, without consulting a competent person. Smoke control In larger buildings and some units in shopping complexes, there may be some form of automatic smoke ventilation (Figure 18) provided for the safety of the occupants and to assist firefighting (e.g. Smoke and Heat Exhaust Ventilation Systems (SHEVS)). These systems are designed to restrict the spread of fire and smoke usually by venting the heat and smoke through the roof or via other routes to the outside. Low level inlet air is essential for the operation of SHEVS and all openings for this purpose should not be obstructed. Special down-stands may have been installed to create a reservoir which will contain the smoke and hot gases at roof level, while vents allow the smoke to escape. It is important that any smoke can flow easily into the reservoirs and that nothing which could cause an obstruction, e.g. display material, is fixed near the vents. It is important that any smoke can flow easily into the reservoirs and that nothing which could cause an obstruction, e.g. large advertising displays, is fixed near the vents. In shopping complexes the front