landscape to continue building towards these opportunities and developing best practice guidance for AI adoption in the healthcare sector. As the adoption of AI increases outside of the hospital setting, so too will the ÔdataficationÕ of networked digital technologies which create new health insights for individuals. This carries abundant opportunities for the preventative health of citizens, for example in stimulating new and more efficient ways to diagnose and prevent disease beyond clinical boundaries, but there are also significant concerns if not governed correctly. IndividualsÕ health quickly becomes legible to actors outside medical and clinical settings, for example inferred sensitive personal information held by online platforms, and appropriate oversight ought to be considered in how these technologies develop. We also encourage further development in areas with others in the sector where the UK can build a competitive advantage. Three particular areas stand out: the first is in creating a data strategy for health and care, which achieves clean, codified and real-time data with a strong sectoral data governance framework. The second is the opportunity to develop new models of partnership and incentives for partnerships between SMEs and the NHS that flourish and scale beyond ideation. The third opportunity would be to create a better understanding of the skills and knowledge required for citizens and healthcare professionals living and working with AI technologies, building especially on the Topol review42 and NHS Digital Academy. Finally, building on the UKÕs world-leading life sciences industry and increasingly digitally mature NHS, there is an opportunity to establish the UK as the go-to-place for biomedical research. With the appropriate governance in place, and through closer collaboration of the life sciences industry and the NHS, AI has the potential to empower large national trials more efficiently, including through the seamless adaptation of subjects to treatments. Climate change AI technologies are an essential part of the toolbox for innovating to reduce greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, and to reduce the environmental impacts of goods, services and human activities. We are already seeing AI contributing to a greater grasp of complex environmental and sustainability systems, from forecasting supply and demand at real- time43 to combating illegal deforestation44 and understanding Arctic sea ice loss.45 One way to accelerate the use of AI for these purposes would be to build it into relevant moonshots, such as that on new materials for energy storage and renewables and create incentives for AI companies to address these and other Net Zero challenges. NATIONAL, CROSS-SECTOR ADOPTION 33 The challenges to increased adoption of AI in related sectors, particularly in energy, has been explored elsewhere46 but echo similar constraints in other sectors, notably in the accessibility, interoperability and labelling of datasets that can contribute to cross-sector cooperation on energy and climate initiatives. The reality is also that the continued development of digital technologies, including AI and complementary technologies such as 5G and the Internet of Things, create an environmental impact that also needs to be monitored. As a part of the UKÕs globally leading role in AI,