for probation (for supervision on licence following release from custody). We also assume that all offenders prosecuted for the new offence receive the maximum custodial sentence. Where that is life imprisonment, we assume a tariff of 12 years, followed by another 12 years on post-release licence. We expect offenders who are sentenced to 14 years will serve 7 years in custody, followed by 7 years on post-release licence. However as it is difficult, given the small volumes anticipated (please see section below) to estimate how many cases would be subject to the maximum penalty of life imprisonment and how many would be subject to the 14 year maximum, we make the simplifying assumption that all cases would be subject to the higher maximum. Please refer to annex A for a full list of assumptions and risks. Estimated total CJS costs In the period 2001-2012, 78 offenders were sentenced for the existing "section 3" offence of impairing a computer, an average of seven per year.3 During the same period, 16 offenders (an average of one per year) were sentenced to immediate custody. In 2012, the average custodial sentence length given was 18 months, and the maximum given was 24 months. The proposed new offence is considerably more serious than the section 3 offence, and ii is reasonable to assume that the number of prosecutions will be minimal as, although the likelihood of a cyber attack having an impact of this seriousness is increasing with developments in technology, there have been none to date. We estimate the costs over a period of 10 years. In the high estimate we assume that there will be one case every other year In the low estimate we assume no offences will take place which fall under this offence definition (therefore zero cost). Our best estimate is that between 2/3 offences will take place over the next 10 years, for simplicity we have obtained this by dividing the high estimate by two. We assume that all offenders prosecuted for the proposed offence receive a custodial sentence. We also assume that where that custodial sentence is life imprisonment, the tariff is 12 years.4 We have not subtracted the Criminal Justice System costs that would have occurred in the absence of this offence. This means the figures represent an over estimate of the true cost. 1 To the nearest £1,000, and at 2012 13 prices 2 The actual (cashable) cost of an increase in the prison population (Le. the marginal cost per place) depends on the extent of spare capacity in the prison estBte at that moment, the scale of the expected populaticin change, and planned decisions on future capacity. This cost varies constantly, however, as both the prison population and capacity move over time, which makes it impractical to use. for policy planning purposes. 3 Further breakdown of Ministry of Justice Criminal Justice Statistics, 2012. Every effort is made to ensure that the figures presented are i accurate and complete. However, it is important to note that