material. Before making an arrest, investigators must consider when and how the arrest should take place. Timing an arrest The way in which the identity of the suspect is discovered has a bearing on how and when an arrest should be made. If there is a choice, it is usually between making an early arrest and conducting a planned arrest. The decision about timing depends on a number of factors, which should be kept under continuous review. If the circumstances alter, the decision to make an immediate arrest or to delay it may have to be amended and the reasons for this recorded. Factors to consider Does the suspect pose a serious risk to the safety of the victim, witnesses or the general public? Is there a likelihood that the suspect will commit further or more serious offences? Is the suspect likely to destroy, conceal or falsify evidence that will obstruct the investigation? Is further surveillance or other covert means of surveillance required? (This will need authorisation under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000.) For further information see Necessity to arrest. Background checks When a suspect has been identified, checks should be conducted into their background and lifestyle. These checks can strengthen and assist the case. Considerations: Is the suspect violent? Does the suspect possess any known firearms and/or is there a history of use of firearms? Does the suspect have or use any other premises? Does the suspect have access to any vehicles? Does the suspect have any previous criminal convictions, arrests? What is their MO? Are there any known associates? Is there any habitual behaviour associated with the suspect, for example, are they a known gambler or a known drug addict? Is there any intelligence regarding their previous behaviour in interviews? In volume crime investigations, research into a suspectÕs background and previous offending behaviour may reveal similarities to the offence currently under investigation. It may also lead to the identification of a particular MO which can assist investigators to identify other linked offences and to plan for subsequent searches and/or suspect interviews. Searches The timing of an arrest provides the investigator with an opportunity to plan a search of the suspectÕs home address (or other premises linked to the suspect) and their vehicles (see Search Strategy). It may also provide opportunities to recover incriminating or corroborating material before it is altered, disposed of or destroyed. A search of a suspectÕs premises may also identify property from other offences, or intelligence which can be used to identify other offenders or associates. Searches of the suspectÕs premises should be carried out in accordance with PACE Code B. LocardÕs principle of exchange When conducting searches or arrests, the investigator should be aware that evidential material may have been transferred from the victim or crime scene onto the clothing of the suspect. The suspect is, therefore, a potential crime scene which can be harvested, particularly if arrests and searches take place shortly after the commission of an offence. The possibility of