10.3.5. Extended coverage panels One small and one large extended coverage panel shall be submitted for each ballistic protection level and stab protection type. These panels shall have an equivalent certified unformed armour of the same construction that has been be submitted for testing in accordance with Section 10.5.1 and/or Section 10.6.1 for ballistic and stab testing respectively. If this unformed armour has been separately tested for PQT in the previous six months, additional testing is not required. 10.4. Pre-test checks On submission of samples for PQT, the manufacturer shall provide a redacted technical file to the test facility, on approval by CAST. Prior to testing, armour shall undergo inspections and areal density checks in accordance with the methods in Section 5.2.1 and 5.2.2 respectively. Areal densities shall be compared to the original certified values. If there is a deviation of greater than 5% for the whole armour, an investigation shall be commenced and areal densities of the individual layers shall be recorded to investigate following the manual method outlined in Section 5.2.2. Inspection notes and areal densities from these assessments shall be included in PQT reports. 10.5. Ballistic PQT 10.5.1. Unformed armour Ballistic testing for unformed armour shall comprise a CPA test. This shall be conducted in accordance with methods outlined in Section 6.8. Results of the CPA testing shall be assessed against certification values and graded as red, amber or green based on the criteria outlined in Table 20, illustrated graphically in Figure 32. Table 20: Assessment criteria for unformed armour ballistic PQT Grading scheme Outcome of test Actions Red* V01 (PQT) less than VTEST Immediate repeat of CPA with four additional panels. Outcome must be green. If not, batch to be held and investigation (Section10.9) to be commenced. Red V50 (PQT) more than 10% away from V50 (cert) Amber V50 (PQT) between 5% and 10% away from V50 (cert) Next PQT CPA test, at specified intervals, must be green. If not, follow red grading actions. Green V50 (PQT) less than 5% away from V50 (cert) Continue with next CPA at specified interval. * Red result regardless of V50 compared with V50 (cert). All other scores assume V01 is greater than VTEST. - 10% - 5% V50(cert) + 5% + 10% Figure 32: Schematic showing PQT grading system from CPA tests (Percentages relate to deviation from V50 (cert)) 10.5.2. Formed armour Formed armour ballistic PQT shall be conducted using the same procedures outlined in Section 6.6. One large and one small formed protective panel shall be used for each ammunition type. PQT results shall be assessed against the criteria outlined in Table 21. . Table 21: Assessment criteria for formed armour ballistic PQT Grading scheme Outcome of test Actions Red Two or more perforations of the formed armour. Investigation to be commenced (Section 10.9). Amber One perforation of the formed armour. Immediate re-test (PQT) must be green. If not, follow red grading actions. Green No perforations of the formed armour. Continue with next PQT at specified interval.40 These