Breaches Survey. A third of businesses (33%) had carried out penetration testing, compared to 11% of businesses in the Cyber Security Breaches Survey. Around a quarter of businesses (24%) had used or invested in threat intelligence, compared to 9% of businesses in the Cyber Security Breaches Survey. Large businesses were more likely to have taken any of the measures listed in Figure 6.3 than the average across businesses of less than 250 employees. 15% of businesses had taken none of the measures listed in the survey to identify cyber security risks to their organisation, rising to one-quarter (25%) among micro businesses. 7% were unaware if their organisation had undertaken any of these activities. Figure 6.3 Actions taken to identify cyber security risks over the last 12 months Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question D3. Which of the following, if any, have you done over the last 12 months to identify cyber security risks to your organisation? Base: All (350) 7. Appendix: Glossary Artificial Intelligence (AI): The broader field encompassing knowledge-based systems, data-driven and machine learning-enabled systems, including classic machine learning (supervised learning, unsupervised learning), deep learning, and reinforcement learning, referring to the development of systems that can perform tasks requiring human intelligence. Machine learning: Encompasses algorithms that can acquire knowledge from data and generate classification, predictions, or pattern without explicit programming, facilitated by labelled data (supervised learning) or unlabelled data (unsupervised learning). Computer vision/ image processing and generation: The use of artificial intelligence programming to produce, generate, analyse, interpret, and manipulate digital images. Hardware related to AI: Examples include Edge Computing Chips, Quantum Hardware, Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASIC), Neuromorphic Hardware, and Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). Natural language processing and generation: The use of artificial intelligence programming to produce written or spoken narratives from a data set, including creating computer code or transcribing audio to text in real time. Robotic Process Automation (RPA): A software technology that makes it easy to build, deploy, and manage software robots that emulate humans actions interacting with digital systems and software. . Understanding AI uptake and sentiment among people and businesses in the UK - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk) (https://www.ons.gov.uk/businessindustryandtrade/itandinternetindustry/articles/underst andingaiuptakeandsentimentamong peopleandbusinessesintheuk/june2023), June 2023 . Understanding AI uptake and sentiment among people and businesses in the UK - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk) (https://www.ons.gov.uk/businessindustryandtrade/itandinternetindustry/articles/underst andingaiuptakeandsentimentamong peopleandbusinessesintheuk/june2023), June 2023 . The base size of businesses that outsourced the development of AI is low (35), therefore findings should be treated with caution. . Cyber security breaches survey 2023 - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk) (https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/cyber-security-breaches-survey-2023/cyber- security-breaches-survey-2023#chapter-3-approaches-to-cyber-security) . Cyber security breaches survey 2023 - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk) (https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/cyber-security-breaches-survey-2023/cyber- security-breaches-survey-2023#chapter-3-approaches-to-cyber-security) All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright UK AI COUNCIL AI ROADMAP UK AI COUNCIL | AI ROADMAP Executive summary 2 16 recommendations to help the government develop a UK National AI Strategy 4 Introduction 6 1. Research, Development and Innovation 10 The Alan Turing Institute: local presences and global reach 11 Challenge-led innovation 12 AI to transform research, development