5 WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE 5 Identification Procedure Title: First Aid - Scope of Practice Procedure Version: V2 Ownership Department Responsible: Health and Safety, People Services Procedure Owner: Sarah Somers, Head of Health and Safety Dr Rachel Oaten, Consultant in Emergency Medicine Revision History Effective From 14.02.2020 Next Review Date: Annual or when significant changes in work activity, process or procedure occur. Revision Date Previous Revision Date Summary of Changes 01.09.18 14.02.2020 Standard review Ð no change required Approvals This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Occupational Health and Safety Committee (CC chair) 26.04.18 V1 Chief Officer Group Not required Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief - - Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers This procedure will be disseminated to the following groups of staff: • PSU Medics • First Aid Working Group • Health and Safety Committee • People Development - - • Special Constabulary (specifically qualified Paramedics and Doctors) Equality Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Occupational Health and Safety Committee 26.04.18 V1 Implications of the Procedure Training Requirements Any perceived training requirements needed to implement this procedure should be identified here. IT Infrastructure State here whether implementation of this procedure requires any input from IT, adaption and/or addition to any IT systems or packages? GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning HSE Health and Safety Executive STRATEGIC PRIORITIES The Force Priorities linked to this document are set out below. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS All other Wiltshire Police Health and Safety PolicyÕs and Procedures DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW The Scope of Practise Procedure will be monitored and reviewed annually and/or in light of legislative change by the Force Clinical Governance Consultant in conjunction with the Head of Health and Safety. The Force Occupational Health and Safety Committee will be responsible for the approval and monitoring of the procedure document and its implementation on an annual basis. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE Doctor Rachel Oaten, Clinical Governance Consultant (S/Supt 4327 Rachel Oaten) Sarah Somers, Head of Health and Safety 1. Purpose Wiltshire Police recognises the importance of supporting and enabling its workforce in being able to serve and protect our communities. As a Force we want to be seen as responsive and adaptive to the needs of communities whilst protecting our staff who serve them. With a dynamic ever changing staff base it is recognised that some people already in the Force or joining the Force may come with extended skill sets e.g. Doctors and Paramedics joining as Special Constables or