SHPOs: supplementary (1) Rules of courtÑ (a) may provide for a youth court to give permission for an application under section 103A(4) against a person aged 18 or over to be made to the youth court ifÑ (i) an application to the youth court has been made, or is to be made, under that section against a person aged under 18, and (ii) the youth court thinks that it would be in the interests of justice for the applications to be heard together; (b) may, in relation to a person attaining the age of 18 after proceedings against that person by virtue of section 103A, 103E, 103F or 103G(6) or (7) have begunÑ (i) prescribe circumstances in which the proceedings may or must remain in the youth court; (ii) make provision for the transfer of the proceedings from the youth court to a magistrates' court that is not a youth court (including provision applying section 103F with modifications). (2) A person's age is treated for the purposes of sections 103A to 103J and this section as being that which it appears to the court to be after considering any available evidence.Ó Sexual offences prevention orders and foreign travel orders 3 (1) Sections 104 to 122 (sexual offences prevention orders and foreign travel orders) are repealed. (2) This paragraph extends only to England and Wales. (2) 198 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Sexual risk orders 4 Before section 123 there is insertedÑ ÒSexual risk orders (England and Wales) Sexual risk orders: applications, grounds and effect 122A(1) A chief officer of police or the Director General of the National Crime Agency (Òthe Director GeneralÓ) may by complaint to a magistrates' court apply for an order under this section (a Òsexual risk orderÓ) in respect of a person (Òthe defendantÓ) if it appears to the chief officer or the Director General that the following condition is met. (2) The condition is that the defendant has, whether before or after the commencement of this Part, done an act of a sexual nature as a result of which there is reasonable cause to believe that it is necessary for a sexual risk order to be made. (3) A chief officer of police may make an application under subsection (1) only in respect of a personÑ (a) who resides in the chief officer's police area, or (b) who the chief officer believes is in that area or is intending