data, in circumstances where this will identify the precise location of the camera) 4. The precise location (following consultation with the ANPR Specialist or ANPR Data Officer who has responsibility for the camera that recorded the data) Disclosure of ANPR data for non-evidential purposes. Unless permitted within section 10.7 of NASPLE, core ANPR read data and any supporting imagery as defined by section 8.3.5 of NASPLE is not to be transferred (to other Line of Business Applications nor disclosed to any third party (including staff from an organisation that is not listed in Annex A of NASPLE). Data may only be disclosed to the data subject in accordance with procedures for dealing with DPA enquiries. Data may be shared with an organisation that is not listed in Annex A of NASPLE with the express written authority of the Data Controller (who has the responsibility for the camera that recorded that data). Disclosure to non-Approved Organisations If Wiltshire Police has an active role in collaboration with another LEA not listed in Annex A of NASPLE then, in the conduct of an investigation and in circumstances consistent with the provisions of Schedule 2 DPA, the results of a search of ANPR data may be disclosed to that other LEA with a requirement that it is not further disclosed without the express written authority of the Data Controller for Wiltshire Police. Representations re Disclosure of Camera Locations. In addition to the above, the Data Controller (who owns and/or controls the camera that captures ÔreadÕ data) will be provided with a specific opportunity to make representation to any court that is to consider an order for information to be disclosed regarding the location of a camera. Recording of Disclosure. In all circumstances where data is disclosed, a record (to include the identity of those disclosing and receiving the data and the reason for and any authorisation of that disclosure) must be maintained. Storage of ANPR Data other than in NAS. Data must not be stored outside the NAC unless for the purpose of retention in accordance with section 10.6.1 of NASPLE or in accordance with section 10.9 of NASPLE below where those requirements cannot be met within the NAC, or it has been extracted as a result of a court order or other lawful authority for the provision of the data. Record Amendment. Records that are identified as incorrect for any reason must either be corrected or deleted at the time that they are found to be incorrect. Transfer to local systems for basic user access Data may not be transferred to any local systems external to those required for connection to NAC to facilitate basic user access to ANPR data. 4. Audit. Audits must be conducted in accordance with the National Standards for Compliance and Audit of Law Enforcement ANPR by Wiltshire Police staff who have the appropriate security clearance. Wiltshire Police will support the national auditor in the monitoring and audit of access to the NAC and will provide relevant information on