housing element of the benefits they can claim because their leave will not be subject to a NRPF condition. These victims can then apply for settlement (Indefinite Leave to Remain) under the Domestic Violence Indefinite Leave to Remain Rules. Victims may be reluctant to report abuse due to the fear of information sharing by the police and other statutory and non-statutory services with the Home Office for the purpose of immigration control. The Home Office has undertaken a review into the data-sharing arrangements between the police and Immigration Enforcement when encountering migrant victims of crime, in response to the super-complaint submitted by Liberty and Southall Black Sisters. The review concluded that the Home Office will not be establishing a firewall but will seek to implement an Immigration Enforcement Migrant Victims Protocol which puts safeguarding needs first. See also the ‘Victims with insecure immigration status’ section. A key barrier to migrant victims of domestic abuse accessing support is the difficulty organisations face in funding bed spaces and ancillary services in a refuge for victims with NRPF. That is why the Government launched the Support for Migrant Victims Scheme in April 2021. The Support for Migrant Victims scheme is designed to provide support to those individuals who may be unable to access other support mechanisms, such as the DDVC. It provides a safety net of support through provision of accommodation in a refuge or other relevant accommodation. Additionally, the scheme Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance can offer wrap around provisions, including emotional support, and more practical support in forms such as immigration advice to aid victims in their recovery and navigation of advice and the options available to them to move on from that support. The support provided can be tailored to the needs of individual victims. An evaluation of the scheme is in progress, and its findings will inform future policy decisions. Box 5.3: Case Study Case Study Ms K reached out to the police, and a specialist ‘by and for’ service providing support to migrant victims, for help after experiencing domestic abuse upon relocating to the UK. She was able to access emergency accommodation, counselling, and legal advice. Ms K was born in Amritsar and moved to the UK to study when a family friend she viewed as her ‘uncle’ offered to pay for her studies. She obtained a student visa and arrived in the UK and went to stay with her ‘uncle’. During her stay, her ‘uncle’ arranged her marriage by advertising on a matrimonial website. Within three weeks of her marriage, Ms K was subjected to physical, verbal, and emotional abuse and forced into domestic servitude. Her mother-in-law continuously verbally harassed her; she called her names and encouraged her husband to use her as a slave. Ms K was often forced to cook all the family’s meals, do all the laundry, and clean the entire house. She fell pregnant but was forced to continue to do all the housework late into her pregnancy. Ms K’s husband, who