(Scotland) Act 2016 (asp 22) (breach of orders equivalent to orders in Chapters 3 and 4: offence)Ñ (a) after subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) A person commits an offence if, without reasonable excuse, the person fails to do something which the person is required to do by an equivalent order from elsewhere in the United Kingdom.Ó, (b) in each of subsections (2) and (3), after Òsubsection (1)Ó insert Òor (1A)Ó, and (c) in subsection (4), after ÒprohibitionsÓ insert Òor requirementsÓ. 216 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) After section 348 insertÑ Ò348A Sexual harm prevention orders: electronic monitoring requirements (1) Subsections (2) and (3) apply for the purpose of determining whether a court may impose, under section 343(4), an electronic monitoring requirement on the offender in a sexual harm prevention order. (2) If there is a person (other than the offender) without whose co-operation it would be impracticable to secure the monitoring in question, the requirement may not be imposed without that personÕs consent. (3) The court may impose the requirement only ifÑ (a) it has been notified by the Secretary of State that electronic monitoring arrangements are available in the relevant area, and (b) it is satisfied that the necessary provision can be made under the arrangements currently available. (4) In subsection (3)(a) Òthe relevant areaÓ meansÑ (a) the local justice area in which it appears to the court that the offender resides or will reside, and (b) in a case where it is proposed to include in the orderÑ (i) a requirement that the offender must remain, for specified periods, at a specified place, or (ii) a provision prohibiting the offender from entering a specified place or area, the local justice area in which the place or area proposed to be specified is situated. ÒSpecifiedÓ means specified in the sexual harm prevention order under which the electronic monitoring requirement is imposed. (5) A sexual harm prevention order that includes an electronic monitoring requirement must specify the person who is to be responsible for the monitoring. (6) The person specified under subsection (5) (Òthe responsible personÓ) must be of a description specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (7) Where a sexual harm prevention order imposes an electronic monitoring requirement on the offender, the offender must (among other things)Ñ (a) submit, as required from time to time by the responsible person, toÑ (i) being fitted with, or the installation of, any necessary apparatus,