offence is not aggravated under section 67(2). (2) If the offence was committed against a person providing a public service, performing a public duty or providing services to the public, the courtÑ (a) must treat that fact as an aggravating factor, and (b) must state in open court that the offence is so aggravated. (3) The offences referred to in subsection (1) areÑ (a) an offence of common assault or battery, except where section 1 of the Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018 applies; (b) an offence under any of the following provisions of the Offences against the Person Act 1861Ñ (i) section 16 (threats to kill); (ii) section 18 (wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm); (iii) section 20 (malicious wounding); (iv) section 47 (assault occasioning actual bodily harm); (c) an inchoate offence in relation to any of the preceding offences. (4) In this sectionÑ (a) a reference to providing services to the public includes a reference to providing goods or facilities to the public; (b) a reference to the public includes a reference to a section of the public. (5) Nothing in this section prevents a court from treating the fact that an offence was committed against a person providing a public service, performing a public duty or providing services to the public as an aggravating factor in relation to offences not listed in subsection (3). (6) This section has effect in relation to a person who is convicted of the offence on or after the date on which section 156 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 comes into force.Ó PART 8 YOUTH JUSTICE Youth remand 157 Youth remand (1) The Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 is amended as follows. (1) 174 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 8 Ð Youth justice CHAPTER 3 Ð Assaults on those providing a public service etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) In section 91 (remands of children otherwise than on bail), after subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) Before deciding whether to remand a child to youth detention accommodation in accordance with section 102 the court must consider the interests and welfare of the child.Ó (3) In section 98 (first set of conditions for a remand to youth detention accommodation) Ñ (a) in subsection (1), after paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(aa) the sentencing condition (see subsection (2A)),Ó; (b) after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) The sentencing condition is that it appears to the court that it is very likely that the child will be sentenced to a custodial