person conducting the interview should ascertain, as far as is practicable, that the interpreter and interviewee understand each other and this should be noted on the interview record. An appropriate adult may not act as the interpreter. 180. Action taken to call an interpreter under this section and any agreement to be interviewed in the absence of an interpreter should be recorded in writing and or taped. 181. Whenever possible, interpreters should be drawn from the National Register of Public Service Interpreters (NRPSI) or the Council for the Advancement of Communication with Deaf People (CACDP) or the Directory of British Sign Language/English Interpreters. 182. The appropriate officer should make sure that a foreign language interpreter makes a note of the interview at the time in the personÕs language for use in the event of the interpreter being called to give evidence, and certify its accuracy. A sign language interpreter should also make a note of the interview and certify its accuracy. The appropriate officer should permit sufficient time for an interpreter to note each question asked and answered. The person should be permitted to read the record or have it read to them and sign it as correct or indicate the respects in which they consider it inaccurate. 1. Foreign languages 187. In the case of a person making a statement to an appropriate officer other than in English: • the interpreter should record the statement in the language it is made; • the person should be invited to sign it; • an official English translation should be made in due course 188. The interviewer should make sure the interpreter is allowed to read the interview record and certify its accuracy in the event of the interpreter being called to give evidence. Excluding Persons from the Interview 189. The person conducting the interview may exclude from the interview a person whose presence is authorised41 only if they have reason to believe that the person is personally involved in the matter under investigation or that the person has, by improper conduct, hindered the proper conduct of the interview. Before excluding any person the person conducting the interview should state their reason and note this on the interview record. What amounts to improper conduct will depend on the circumstances of each case. It would almost always be improper conduct for a person to prompt the interviewee, to provide the interviewee with written answers to the questions, to answer questions on behalf of the interviewee or to interrupt the interview for any reason other than to make a proper representation. 190. Exclusion of any person from an interview is a serious matter which may be subject to comment in court. The person conducting the interview should therefore be prepared to justify their decision. 191. If the person conducting the interview has excluded a person from the interview room, they should adjourn the interview. The interviewee should then be informed that they have the right to seek another person to act in the same