Ôautomatic knifeÕ A knife where the blade opens automatically or is released from the handle, either by gravity or by pressing a button or something else on the knife. Footclaw A bar of metal or other hard material worn strapped to the foot, from which a number of sharp spikes come out. Handclaw A band of metal or other hard material worn on the hand, from which a number of sharp spikes come out. Hollow kubotan A cylinder-shaped container containing a number of sharp spikes. Knuckleduster A band of metal or other hard material thatÕs worn on one or more fingers and is designed to cause injury. This also includes any weapon that incorporates a knuckleduster. Kusari or ÔmanrikigusariÕ A hard weight or hand grip fastened to each end of a piece of rope, cord, chain or wire. Kusari gama A sickle fastened to one end of a piece of rope, cord, chain or wire. Kyoketsu shoge A hook-knife fastened to one end of a piece of rope, cord, chain or wire. Push dagger A knife where the handle fits within a clenched fist and the blade comes out from between two fingers. Shuriken, ÔshakenÕ, Ôdeath starÕ or Ôthrowing starÕ A hard non-flexible plate with three or more sharp radiating points, designed to be thrown. Stealth knife A knife or spike made of a material that cannot be picked up by metal detectors and which is not made for use at home, for food or as a toy. Sword A curved blade of 50 centimetres or over, based on the straight-line distance from the top of the handle to the tip of the blade. Swordstick A hollow walking stick or cane containing a blade which may be used as a sword. Telescopic truncheon A truncheon that extends automatically by pressing a button, a spring or other device thatÕs in or attached to the handle. Zombie knife A knife with a cutting edge, a serrated edge and images or words suggesting it is used for violence. You should contact your local police to check if a knife or weapon is illegal. Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are