by a relevant person should only be undertaken at reasonable hours (reasonable hours should be determined by reference to the normal working practices of the particular business concerned e.g. entry at night might be considered reasonable for a business that has overnight deliveries). Where appropriate, for premises used as a dwelling, any entry should be at a time agreed in advance with the occupier. However, this need not apply where the power of entry is being exercised in accordance with a judicial warrant. 14 Seizure of property 14.1 In many cases powers to seize property will be subject to PACE Code B however where powers to seize property are subject to this Code the following considerations should apply. An authorised person may only seize property where such powers granting the right to seize objects or items are clearly set out in relevant legislation. The power of seizure will be determined by the relevant legislation and this should be carried out to create minimal burden and distress to the occupier of the premises subject to the requirements of enforcing the legislation. 14.2 Unless the legislation states otherwise, an authorised person should provide the occupier of the premises with details of the items seized, procedures relating to the retention of property, appeal rights, should disclose how long items may be held before they are returned (although counterfeit, illegal or hazardous items may be destroyed) and should explain any compensation procedures. 15 Retention of property 15.1 Unless the process for retention and/or destruction of seized property is provided for under a relevant statutory provision, anything seized may be retained only for as long as is necessary. Property should not be retained if a copy or image would be sufficient. 15.2 Generally, property may be retained, among other purposes: • for use as evidence at a trial for an offence; • to facilitate the use in any investigation or proceedings to which it is linked; • for forensic examination or other investigation; or • in order to establish its lawful owner when there are reasonable grounds for believing it has been stolen or obtained by the commission of an offence or its ownership is otherwise in dispute. • 15.3 The occupier or their representative should be allowed supervised access to the property to examine or photograph it, or should be provided with a photograph or copy, in either case within a reasonable time following any request and at their own expense, unless the authorised person in charge has reasonable grounds for believing this would: • prejudice the investigation of any offence or criminal proceedings; • lead to the commission of an offence by providing access to unlawful material; or • compromise the personal safety of security staff and/or the security of storage facilities. 15.4 In exceptional circumstances, and in the interest of the personal safety of an individual, access to lawfully held property, for example, medication or personal items left in a seized vehicle should be made available to the individual. 15.5 A record