of business in the area, applies to be registered as a firearms dealer unless: (a) they are prohibited by a court under section 45 of the Act from being registered; (b) the chief officer of police is satisfied that they cannot be permitted to carry on business as dealers in firearms without danger to the public safety or to the peace; or (c) the chief officer of police is not satisfied that the applicant will engage in business as dealers in firearms to a substantial extent or as an essential part of other trades, businesses or profession. Game fairs and other temporary events 15.6 Firearms dealers wishing to carry on business, including exhibiting for the purposes of their business, at game fairs, arms fairs etc. in another force area must be registered by the chief officer of police for that area and are required to pay the appropriate fee to register a temporary place of business. Contact between the police areas involved should help to expedite decisions on such applications. NFLMS is now configured in England and Wales to allow the issue of a standard three-year RFD certificate for the purpose of participating in annual game or trade fairs. Conditions specifically relating to the event will be placed upon the certificate. The decision to allow the RFD certificate to stay in force for the full three years or for only the duration of a single event is at the discretion of chief officers. Authority granted for ad hoc attendance or one-off events should include set-up and take down time and be site specific. Please note that NFLMS does not apply in Scotland. Form of Register of transactions 15.7 Although section 40 of the 1968 Act and Rule 10(4) of the Firearms Rules 1998 (as amended by the Firearms (Amendment) Rules 2007) lay down the information required to be entered into the Register of transactions, the form of the Register is not prescribed. It may be kept by means of a computer (section 40(4) of the 1968 Act). 15.8 Section 3(1)(c) of the 1968 Act (as amended by section 31 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006) makes it an offence for anyone to sell or transfer an air weapon, including component parts and accessories (see Chapter 12) by way of trade or business unless they are registered with the police as a firearms dealer under section 33 of the 1968 Act. In accordance with section 58(2) of the 1968 Act, it will not be necessary to register as a dealer where sales or transfers involve only antique air weapons which are kept as curiosities or ornaments (see Chapter 8). Dealers are not required to keep records of air weapon ammunition sales. 135 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 15.9 For those dealers who keep paper records there are a number of commercially produced registers on the market which take the form of a bound volume with numbered pages for individual transactions laid out across the double pages. Acquisitions on the left