Get involved Home O?ce Guidance Approval of rifle and muzzle- loading pistol clubs Updated 28 March 2024 Crown copyright 2024 is publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where herwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government- ence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk. here we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from e copyright holders concerned. is publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/approval-of-rifle-and- uzzle-loading-pistol-clubs/approval-of-rifle-and-muzzle-loading-pistol-clubs-accessible This guidance is about the approval of rifle, miniature rifle and muzzle-loading pistol clubs by the Home Secretary and the Scottish Government. It explains what approval means and how clubs can apply for it. It also explains the criteria and conditions which they must meet in order to obtain approval and remain approved and provides more detailed guidance on the important role and responsibilities of club liaison officers. It supersedes all other government guidance on the subject. Approved clubs Under section 44 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997, a person wishing to possess a rifle or muzzle-loading pistol solely for target shooting must be a member of an approved rifle club or, as the case may be, approved muzzle- loading pistol club. Section 44(1)(b) requires an approved club to be specified on the firearm certificate. The certificate should not list all clubs of which the holder is a member. Any rifle, miniature rifle or muzzle-loading pistol club can apply to the relevant authority (the Home Office for clubs in England and Wales or the Scottish Government for clubs in Scotland) for approval. Approval is granted under section 15(1) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 (as amended by section 45 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997). When approval has been granted, members of that club can possess firearms and ammunition without holding a personal firearm certificate Òwhen engaged as a member of the club in connection with target shootingÓ (section 15(1) of the 1988 Act as amended by section 45 of the 1997 Act). Approval also allows the police to grant a free firearm certificate to a responsible officer of the club to enable him or her to purchase and acquire firearms and ammunition for members to use for target shooting. Club members may not purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition unless they have been granted a personal firearm certificate by the police. How to apply for approval If you would like to vary, renew or apply for a Home Office shooting club approval letter, please apply online at: Section 5, shooting club and museum firearms licence applications (https://www.gov.uk/guidance/apply-for-or-manage-a-section-5- shooting-club-or-museum-licence). Please be advised that all applications will be subject to fees. The fee charged will depend on the type of application made, for example whether it is an application for a club requiring Home Office approval for the first time or an existing club applying to renew or vary its approval. For further details regarding the different types of application and the fees