October 17, 2022. https://www.isis.org.my/2022/10/13 /will-malaysia-change-its-policy- on-myanmar/. [21] ÒASEAN to Scrutinise Effectiveness of 5PC to Address MyanmarÕs Humanitarian Crisis.Ó n.d. Thesun.my. https://thesun.my/malaysia- news/asean-to-scrutinise- effectiveness-of-5pc-to-address- myanmar-s-humanitarian-crisis- mohamad-LE13428542. [22] ÒASEAN Establishes New Troika to Find Solution on Myanmar Crisis.Ó n.d. Jakarta Globe. https://jakartaglobe.id/news/asean- establishes-new-troika-to-find- solution-on-myanmar-crisis. Mexico President Claudia Sheinbaum Must Reform Her National Guard By Jorge Mari–o, jam894@cornell.edu MexicoÕs Congress should lobby for President Claudia Sheinbaum to adhere to the Organization of American StatesÕ Inter-American Commission on Human RightsÕ propositions regarding implementing accountability reforms in MexicoÕs National Guard. Background MexicoÕs National GuardÕs commitment to human rights remains unsatisfactory. Despite former President Andres Manuel L—pez in 2019 proposing that the National Guard would be a 60,000- member joint civilian-military organization to tackle cartel violence, the majority of MexicoÕs National Guard are former members of the federal police, known for their incompetence and human rights violations.1 Nevertheless, sitting Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum has affirmed her support for her predecessorÕs militarization of the National Guard, stating that the military has acted within the law and can respond to violence in whatever way seen fit.2 Since its creation, the National Guard has been highly problematic in adhering to human rights. Furthermore, the Organization of American StatesÕ Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) revealed that Mexico has largely not adhered to its human rights suggestions. In 2022, the IACHR recommended that Mexico ensure investigations into cases of forced disappearances, extrajudicial executions, and torture involving the National Guard, holding both the direct perpetrators and those in the chain of command accountable.3 The IACHR report noted that no senior civilian or military officials were sentenced by Mexico for torture or forced disappearances in 2020 or 2021.3 Moreover, military and government figures allegedly tried to manipulate legal outcomes for favors during the Tlatlaya massacre in which Mexican soldiers killed 22 suspects in a grain warehouse, including 12 to 15 who were executed after surrendering.3,4 IAHCRÕs report conveys that MexicoÕs militarization of the National Guard has enabled armed forces to operate without transparency or accountability, leading to more human rights violations. Policy Idea Mexican senators and deputies not aligned with SheinbaumÕs Sigamos Haciendo Historia political alliance should lobby President Sheinbaum to implement accountability measures in MexicoÕs National Guard, pressuring her to implement long overdue public security measures outlined by the Organization of American StatesÕ Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR). First, deputies should lobby for the state to report civilian casualties and prosecute national guardsmen or their superior officers involved in any human rights abuse cases. Next, Mexican senators should raise the same concern with the president, urging her to comply with the IACHRÕs policy recommendations that Mexico has yet to address, such as establishing an independent body to oversee public security operations to ensure accountability within the National Guard. Policy Analysis Mexico adopting IACHR recommendations will help combat human rights abuses by establishing a framework for Mexico to implement accountability reforms. For example, in 2019, the IACHR ruled that Mexico must adopt a law regarding the use of force per international