scheme should be granted a certificate (UKA has its own hierarchical licencing scheme in place for qualified starters at athletics events which is not linked to the Firearms Act). The UKA licence holder should also have a letter of approval issued by the Technical Committee of UKA and signed by a UKA Executive Officer. 6.38 Most starting pistols, such as the ones used at school sports days, do not have an open barrel and are not classed as firearms. It is important to note that the legislation does not refer explicitly to UK Athletics Ltd (UKA) licenced starters. Although most unlikely, there may be other starters who can make a convincing case for possessing such firearms. 6.39 Starting cannon used by yacht clubs are, provided that they were designed as signalling apparatus, exempt from the prohibition on small firearms contained in section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act. However, persons wishing to possess such starting cannon must have a firearm certificate. Rifle and pistol clubs and cadet corps 6.40 These are dealt with separately in Chapter 17. Firearms taken to and from Proof Houses 6.41 Under section 58 (1) of the 1968 Act any person carrying firearms to or from the proof houses is exempt from the provisions of the Act, so long as the firearms are being carried for the purposes of proof. 47 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Theatrical, film and television productions 6.42 Section 12(1) of the 1968 Act authorises the possession of a firearm, without holding a certificate, by any person taking part in a theatrical performance or rehearsal or in the production of a film. This equally applies to television productions. The section does not, however, authorise the purchase or acquisition, without a certificate, of a firearm for such purposes. A number of specialist registered firearms dealers hold stocks of firearms specifically for theatrical or film/television productions. These dealers transport the firearms to the production where they remain under their control and supervision whilst in use by the actors or production staff. 6.43 Theatrical, television or film producers who wish to acquire firearms for the purpose of their production must obtain certificates. In such cases the fact that the firearm will be handed to and carried by actors in the production will, in the case of firearms to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, as a rule justify the addition of special conditions to the firearm certificate (see Appendix 3). 6.44 In some cases arrangements are made by the theatrical, television and film producers to hire firearms for the purpose of their productions. It may be desirable in cases involving firearms to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies to make it clear on the firearm certificate that the firearms specified may be hired only once unless second or subsequent hirings are authorised by specific variations of the certificate. In such cases the certificate might also bear a special condition (see Appendix 3). 6.45 Section 8(2)(a) of the 1968 Act enables the producer