co-operation of the occupier cannot be obtained or is insufficient for the purpose. In all cases where a power authorises the use of force, only the minimum force necessary to achieve the purposes of the power may be used. • When only one person is present on the premises at the time when a power is to be exercised, a friend, neighbour or other person should be allowed to witness any search that is undertaken if the occupier wishes and where it is practicable to do so, unless the authorised person in charge of the entry has reasonable grounds to suspect that this would seriously disrupt the purposes of the entry, or would lead to an unreasonable delay in its exercise. 17.4 Unless taking such steps would frustrate the purpose of the visit, when exercising powers to enter business premises authorised persons should: • seek to minimise the potential for causing reputational damage to businesses, particularly where the high visibility of operations, for example during peak business trading hours, may give rise to customer concerns; and • have regard to businessesÕ ability to continue legitimate trading operations and seek to cause as little disruption to the legitimate conduct of business as possible, where that is reasonably practicable. 17.5 The landowner or occupier may accompany authorised persons during the course of a visit if it is not explicitly restricted by the relevant statute or, in the opinion of the authorised person in charge, it would not interfere with the purposes of the visit. 17.6 If an authorised person requests that a landowner / occupier does not accompany him/her during the visit he/she should give that person clear reasons, for example health and safety issues. 18 Assistance from occupiers 18.1 In certain circumstances, an occupier should give an authorised person reasonable assistance if required by the authorised person to do so (for instance opening locked doors or containers). If an authorised person requires such assistance from an occupier, the authorised person should give the person clear instruction as to 1.1 what assistance is required and make that person aware of why, in the authorised personÕs opinion, the person is required to give that assistance and whether non- compliance carries a sanction under the relevant legislation. 19 Leaving premises 19.1 If premises have been entered by force, before leaving, the authorised person in charge should make sure the property is left as secure as possible and in as close to the original condition before entry as practicable. 20 Action after exercise of powers 20.1 The authorised person in charge of the exercise of a power of entry should make or have made a record of any exercise of powers of entry or associated powers. This is particularly important where powers of entry are used for enforcement purposes. Generally, a record should include: • the statutory provision under which the power was exercised; • the approval process that allowed for the exercise of the power of entry, and whether it was exercised with or