in respect of procedures, training, weapons or equipment used ? ensures individual, team and organisational learning takes place and is addressed both locally and nationally as appropriate. 7.1.3 Chief officers should ensure that there is a debriefing mechanism in place, following an authorisation to deploy armed officers or any use of force that results in a death or serious injury, in order to identify operational learning. The debriefing process should be scalable depending on the significance and consequence of the event. 7.2 Post-incident investigations 7.2.1 The term post-incident describes the period following the discharge or use of a weapon covered by this code by the police, where an investigation into police action is to be conducted. As with post-deployment procedures, these are also scalable. 7.2.2 Post-incident investigations will commence in all situations where there has been a discharge of a weapon by the police (including those involving a conventional firearm or less lethal weapon), whether intentional or unintentional, which has or may have: ? resulted in death or serious injury (these will be subject to mandatory referral to the Independant Investigatory Authority (IIA)) ? revealed failings in command or supervision ? caused danger to officers or the public. ? 7.2.2 The European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) article 2 imposes a duty on the state to conduct an effective official investigation when individuals have been killed (or in some cases seriously injured) as a result of the use of force by the police. 7.2.3 The essential purposes of an article 2 investigation are: ? to secure the effective implementation of domestic laws which protect the right to life ? in those cases involving state agents, to ensure their accountability for deaths occurring under their responsibility. The investigation must be capable of leading to a determination of whether the force used was or was not justified in the circumstances, and to the identification and punishment of those responsible in appropriate cases. 7.2.4 Chief officers should ensure that operating protocols exist within their forces defining the action to be taken to ensure that APP-AP and other statutory guidance can be applied. These protocols should include the: ? management of the incident scene, preservation of evidence and continuity of command until responsibility for the investigation is transferred to the IIA ? identification of suitable venues for the post incident procedures to be conducted ? provision of post incident managers and appointed officers ? hand-over to the Independent Investigatory Authority (IIA) where necessary ? maintain the integrity of witness evidence, including the provision of accounts by key police witnesses ? return of officers, where appropriate, to operational duties ? identification of welfare arrangements including longer term arrangements for the management and welfare of officers and other staff concerned and their families where appropriate. ? 7.3 Role of Independent Investigatory Authority 7.3.1 In the case of death or serious injury, and in other cases to be defined by regulations made by the Secretary of State, referral to the IIA is mandatory. But chief officers should