civil debt or as if payable under an order of a court if the court so orders); (b) about the application of sums paid under penalty notices (and such provision may in particular authorise sums paid to a litter authority to be applied for the purposes of such functions of the authority as the regulations may specify); (c) about the application of the regulations to keepers of vehicles in the public service of the Crown. (6) Regulations under this section may, in consequence of any provision contained in the regulations, amendÑ (a) this Part, or (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 135 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) Part 2 of the London Local Authorities Act 2007. (7) Regulations under this section mayÑ (a) make provision corresponding or similar to any provision made by or under section 88; (b) make provision subject to exceptions; (c) include saving, transitional, transitory, supplementary or consequential provision. (8) Provision of the kind mentioned in subsection (7)(a) may include provisionÑ (a) conferring a discretion on a litter authority, subject to such constraints or limitations as the regulations may specify (whether or not of a corresponding or similar kind to those mentioned in section 97A(2)); (b) creating an offence of the kind mentioned in section 88(8B) and (8C), but may not include provision conferring power on a person to make orders or regulations. (9) In this sectionÑ ÒkeeperÓ, in relation to a vehicle, means the person by whom the vehicle is kept at the time when the littering offence in question occurs, which in the case of a registered vehicle is to be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to be the registered keeper; Òlitter authorityÓ has the meaning given in subsection (4)(a); Òregistered keeperÓ, in relation to a registered vehicle, means the person in whose name the vehicle is registered; Òregistered vehicleÓ means a vehicle which is for the time being registered under the Vehicle Excise and Registration Act 1994; ÒvehicleÓ means a mechanically-propelled vehicle or a vehicle designed or adapted for towing by a mechanically-propelled vehicle.Ó (3) In section 161 (regulations, orders and directions), after subsection (2ZA) there is insertedÑ Ò(2ZB) Subsection (2) does not apply to a statutory instrument containing regulations under section 88A if the regulationsÑ (a) are the first set of regulations to be made under that section, or (b) include provision falling within subsection (3)(a) or (6) of that section. (2ZC) A statutory