cases this means that a single emergency plan covering the whole building will be necessary. It will help if you can agree on one person to co-ordinate this task. Further guidance on emergency plans is given in Part 2, Section 7.2. 4.3 Inform, instruct, co-operate and co-ordinate You must give clear and relevant information and appropriate instructions to your staff and the employers of other people working in your premises, such as contractors, about how to prevent fires and what they should do if there is a fire. Any other relevant persons should be given information about the fire safety arrangements as soon as possible. If you intend to employ a child, you must inform the parents of the significant risks you have identified and the precautions you have taken. You must also co-operate and co-ordinate with other responsible people who use any part of the premises. It is unlikely that your emergency plan will work without this. Information and instruction All staff should be given information and instruction as soon as possible after they are appointed and regularly after that. Make sure you include staff who work outside normal working hours, such as contract cleaners or maintenance staff. The information and instructions you give must be in a form that can be used and understood. They should take account of those with disabilities such as hearing or sight impairment, those with learning difficulties and those who do not use English as their first language. The information and instruction you give should be based on your emergency plan and must include: • the significant findings from your fire risk assessment; • the measures that you have put in place to reduce the risk; • what staff should do if there is a fire; • the identity of people you have nominated with responsibilities for fire safety; and • any special arrangements for serious and imminent danger to persons from fire. • In small premises, where no significant risks have been identified and there are limited numbers of staff, information and instruction may simply involve an explanation of the fire procedures and how they are to be applied. This should include showing staff the fire-protection arrangements, including the designated escape routes, the location and operation of the fire-warning system and any other fire-safety equipment provided, such as fire extinguishers. Fire action notices can complement this information and, where used, should be posted in prominent locations. In larger premises, particularly those in multi-occupied buildings, you should ensure that written instructions are given to people who have been nominated to carry out a designated safety task, such as calling the fire and rescue service or checking that exit doors are available for use at the start of each working day. Further guidance on information and instruction to staff, and on working with dangerous substances is given in Part 2, Section 7.3. Co-operation and co-ordination In premises that are not multi-occupied you are likely to be solely responsible. However, in buildings owned by someone