your life that are causing it. Sometimes you may not be able to change or avoid them, but at other times simple lifestyle changes can make all the difference. There are several strategies that can help you deal with stress • delegating or sharing your responsibilities at work • avoiding confrontation with difficult colleagues • learning to be more assertive • taking regular exercise • not using drink or drugs to cope • eating a healthy, balanced diet, rich in fruit and vegetables • finding humour or absurdity in stressful situation • never taking on more that you know you can cope with • organising your time better to get as much done as possible • talking to friends or family, and sharing your thoughts and fears • listening to music or relaxation tapes • tensing and then relaxing your muscles, starting at the toes and working up to the head and neck If you think that you would benefit from help, either in identifying the things that are causing you stress, or in learning techniques to help you relax, talk to your doctor about this. There are many people who can give you professional help in these areas. 5. Proactive Approach to Health and Wellbeing Health and Safety Executive Ð Management Standards The HSE Management Standards have been produced by the HSE to reduce the levels of work related stress reported by British workers. The Management Standards represent a set of conditions that reflect high levels of health, wellbeing and organisational performance. The Management Standards and supporting processes are designed to: • Help simplify risk assessment for work related stress. • Encourage employers, employees and their representatives to work in partnership to address work related stress throughout the organisation. • Provide the yardstick by which organizations can gauge their performance in tackling the key causes of stress. • The aim of the HSE Management Standards is to promote better mental health (less impact of stress) and increased productivity outcomes (i.e. decreased absenteeism and increased wellbeing and productivity) of employees. The Management Standards cover six key areas of work design that, if properly managed, are associated with improved health and wellbeing, higher productivity and improved attendance. The six Management Standards cover the primary sources of stress at work. These are: • Demands Ð includes issue like workload, work patterns and the work environment. • Control Ð how much say the person has in the way they work. • Support Ð includes the encouragement sponsorship and resources provided by the organisation, line management and colleagues. • Relationships Ð includes promoting positive working to avoid conflict and dealing with unacceptable behavior. • Role Ð whether people understand their role within the organisation and whether the organisation ensures that they do not have conflicting roles. • Change Ð how organisational change (large and small) is managed and communicated within the organisation. Please refer to Appendix 1 for full details of the standards. 6. Risk Assessment The Health and Safety Executive require all organisations