local facilities; and o contact details of key staff. 3.50. Of course, this list is not exclusive. If a Category 1 responder wants information in order to discharge its duties under the Act, it should approach the Category 2 responder in question and begin a dialogue about access. If that is not possible, or is unsuccessful, and the Category 1 responder believes the request to be 3.1. reasonable and appropriate, it should make the request in accordance with the procedures set out above. 3.51. Where possible, Category 1 responders should seek to channel requests through as small a number of routes as possible to avoid duplication of effort. There are several ways in which Category 1 responders can request access to information to make the process more efficient: o where the information is required by a number of Category 1 responders, the request may be co-ordinated through the Local Resilience Forum (LRF), with the information shared between LRF members if appropriate. This is particularly relevant if the questions relate to local arrangements. o across more than one LRF area, the request could be co-ordinated through any multi-agency or multi-LRF groups. o where a type of information request comes up repeatedly, a Category 1 responder should consider raising this with its national representative body, or the sponsoring government department, or through the national representative body for the Category 2 sector in question. This will allow the sector to consider whether adjustment might be made to the scope of publicly available information to remove the need for future requests. 3.52. In terms of sensitive information, most Category 2 responders are particularly likely to rely on exceptions that relate to commercial confidentiality. This reflects the fact that many of the Category 2 responders are private sector bodies, who may be in competition with other Category 2 responders within the same area. It is important that these needs are respected. For example, two mobile 3.1. phone operators in the same LRF area might not want to expose details of their network coverage to each other, or to the public. 3.53. This would obviously be less true of those Category 2 responders from the public sector. 3.54. Category 1 responders should also bear in mind that information may be available to their organisation by virtue of existing commercial relationships with a Category 2 responder, or that information might be shared under the Act which would affect a commercial relationship. For example, an electricity supplier might have a contract to supply a local authority, but civil protection work might reveal problems with the resilience of that supply. 3.55. It is important that Category 1 responders respect the circumstances under which such information is obtained, and abide carefully by any restrictions on its use. Should Category 1 responders not handle information properly, the sanctions set out in the Act 23 might be available to the Category 2 responder in question. In addition, if information is disclosed in breach of any duty of confidence, action may be taken