organisations which do not attend the main LRF meetings (but which are represented there) to make their contribution. These groups also provide an opportunity for responder organisations which are not involved in the whole range of civil protection work, such as Category 2 responders and the voluntary sector, to be engaged. However, they should not be used as an opportunity to remove Category 2 responders from core LRF business. (Category 2 responders are specifically entitled to attend the main LRF meetings.50 ) Membership of all sub-groups, and their role in the light of evolving LRF priorities, should be reviewed regularly. 2.59. Determination of which groups should be permanent sub-groups and which task and finish groups is a matter for LRFs themselves. Possible groups are suggested as follows: o Risk Ð delivering the Community Risk Register; identifying priorities for the work programme; o Capabilities Ð matching the governmentÕs capabilities programme, including, for example, Telecommunications sub-groups (TSGs); o Area groups Ð based on administrative areas smaller than the whole LRF area; o Sector groups, including the voluntary sector Ð see discussion of representation at paragraphs 2.66-2.69 below; 50 regulation 4(4)(b), 4(7) o Specialist groups Ð these are cross-organisational groupings working on particular issues, such as chemical hazards, flooding, utilities emergencies, events, welfare support for people affected by emergencies, animal health, media relations, or training and exercising; and o Standing groups Ð these tend to pre-exist the CCA or to exist outside its statutory framework Ð such as airport committees, COMAH groups, coastal groups, event planning and sports stadium groups, town and city centre groups, local search and rescue committees, or flood defence boards. (Essentially, a ÒfriendlyÓ relationship should be established with them to ensure that they are familiar with the work of the LRF and reporting arrangements set up in both directions. Some may usefully be brought under the LRF umbrella as formal sub-groups. It is suggested that standing coastal groups be set up in all coastal areas.) Sub-groups and task and finish groups should only be established with the approval of the LRF chief officer group and should tie into the priorities set out in the Community Risk Register. Increasingly, LRFs are adopting governance arrangements which define the role and relationship of the various groups within the structure and ensure that the programme is carried forward in accordance with sound business management principles. 51 regulation 4(5)- 4(7), 4(10) The impact of the pattern of local resilience areas on all Category 1 and 2 responders 2.60. The establishment of local resilience areas and LRFs on police service boundaries 51 can pose particular problems. 2.61. Because the administrative arrangements of local government in England and Wales vary considerably between metropolitan, shire and unitary areas, co-operation across a police boundary local resilience area is more easily applied in some areas than others. Also, the pattern of local resilience areas across England and Wales exerts particular pressures on national-level Category 1 responders such as, the Environment Agency and the Maritime and Coastguard Agency whose organisational