and provide them with information about who are the nominated competent persons, and about the fire safety procedures for the premises. • You must co-operate and co-ordinate with other responsible persons who also have premises in the building, inform them of any significant risks you find and how you will seek to reduce/control those risks which might affect the safety of their employees. • You must provide the employer of any person from an outside organisation who is working in your premises (e.g. an agency providing temporary staff) with clear and relevant information on the risks to those employees and the preventive and protective measures taken. You must also provide those employees with appropriate instructions and relevant information about the risks to them. • If you are not the employer but have any control of premises which contain more than one workplace, you are also responsible for ensuring that the requirements of the Order1 are complied with in those parts over which you have control. • You must consider the presence of any dangerous substances and the risk this presents to relevant persons from fire. • You must establish a suitable means of contacting the emergency services and provide them with any relevant information about dangerous substances. 6 • You must provide appropriate information, instruction and training to your employees, during their normal working hours, about the fire precautions in your workplace, when they start working for you, and from time to time throughout the period they work for you. • You must ensure that the premises and any equipment provided in connection with firefighting, fire detection and warning, or emergency routes and exits are covered by a suitable system of maintenance and are maintained by a competent person in an efficient state, in efficient working order and in good repair. • Your employees must co-operate with you to ensure the workplace is safe from fire and its effects, and must not do anything that will place themselves or other people at risk. The above examples outline some of the main requirements of the Order.1 The rest of this guide will explain how you might meet these requirements. Who enforces the Fire Safety Order? The local fire and rescue authority (the fire and rescue service) will enforce the Order1 in most premises. The exceptions are: • Crown-occupied/owned premises where Crown fire inspectors will enforce; • premises within armed forces establishments where the defence fire and rescue service will enforce; • certain specialist premises including construction sites, ships (under repair or construction) and nuclear installations, where the HSE will enforce; and • sports grounds and stands designated as needing a safety certificate by the local authority, where the local authority will enforce. The enforcing authority will have the power to inspect your premises to check that you are complying with your duties under the Order.1 They will look for evidence that you have carried out a suitable fire risk assessment and acted upon the significant findings of that assessment. If you