that the information is sought for the purposes of employment with a person specified in the application, and the applicant pays in the prescribed manner any additional fee prescribed in respect of the application. The certificate must state— whether according to records held by the Secretary of State the applicant is subject to immigration control, or that records held by the Secretary of State do not show whether the applicant is subject to immigration control. If the records show that the applicant is subject to immigration control, the certificate must state— whether according to the records the applicant has been granted leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom, or that the records do not show whether the applicant has been granted leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom. If the records show that the applicant has been granted leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom, the certificate must state— whether according to the records the applicant's leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom is current, or Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 8 – Miscellaneous Chapter 1 – Safeguarding vulnerable groups and criminal records Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 127 Registered persons Section 120A of the Police Act 1997 (refusal and cancellation of registration), as inserted by section 134 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16), is amended as follows. In subsection (3) (matters to which Secretary of State may have regard in considering suitability of persons likely to have access to information) for paragraph (b) substitute— “(b) any information relating to the person of a kind specified in subsection (3A);”. After subsection (3) insert— “(3A) The information is— whether the person is barred from regulated activity; 128 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 8 – Miscellaneous Chapter 1 – Safeguarding vulnerable groups and criminal records Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes if the person is barred from such activity, such details as are prescribed of the circumstances in which the person became barred; whether the Independent Safeguarding Authority is considering whether to include the person in a barred list in pursuance of paragraph