all aspects of co-operation is made in the next section. 2.82. Even so, occasions remain when direct contact between local responders, one-on-one, to seek and provide information remains appropriate, as the Act requires. Category 1s, Category 2s and the voluntary sector, LRFs and multi-LRFs: ÒThe Right Issue, at the Right Time, at the Right LevelÓ 2.83. Attendance at LRF meetings and sub-groups can create difficulties for Category 2 responders (and some Category 1 responders and the voluntary sector), particularly those which operate regionally or nationally. Category 2 responders must be invited to all LRF meetings, but the circumstances where Category 1 responders require a Category 2 to attend a meeting: 67 See paragraphs 2.9 - 2.10 above. o should be limited to those where matters of relevance will be discussed (see paragraphs 2.77- 2.78 above); and o may be modified by putting in place arrangements at the multi-LRF level which, in defined circumstances, will satisfy the requirement to meet with Category 1 local responder partners. 2.84. A principle of Category 2 engagement should be that it takes place on Òthe right issue, at the right time, at the right levelÓ. The key considerations are pragmatic and need to ensure that representatives of Category 2 responders attend those meetings of the LRF chief officer group, the working group, the sub-groups and task and finish groups where they need to be present and not those where they donÕt. 2.85. However, a further consideration is that co-operation, including information sharing, between Category 2 responders and Category 1 responders may be mediated effectively through structures at a multi-LRF level or above. Thus procedures should be agreed (and may be cemented in protocols) which identify a role for the DCLG RED team or a group of multiple LRFs Ð or Welsh Resilience Forum in Wales (WRF) Ð to facilitate co-operation between the Category 2 responders and the Category 2.53. 1 responders. 68 Examples are already in place where the formal arrangements between Category 2 responders and Category 1 responders have been agreed across multi-LRF areas. Protocols have been designed where the duty holders themselves are the main parties to the agreement, together with the LRF(s) and organisations representing Category 2 responders from, for example, a particular utility sector. 68 regulation 7. 2.86. The effect of the two moderating principles in paragraph 2.83 above is that the LRF, representing the Category 1 and 2 responders in its area, will need to determine which areas of work with particular Category 2 responders should continue to be dealt with through its structures and which can safely be delegated and formally assigned to a multi-LRF level committee on which Category 1 representatives will sit. (This task may be assisted by reference, for example, to Table 2 above which examines the tasks of the LRF, and also Annex A). 2.87. Consideration should be given to how to allocate the different types of information request across the various forms of managed co-operation proposed: o through LRFs; o through groups of LRFs