to be read as a reference to monies provided by Parliament, and subsection (6)(b) is omitted. General Guidance 136(P1) The Secretary of State may issue guidance relating to the discharge of any functions under or for the purposes of this Part by a constable or by an authorised person (within the meaning of section 136F). (2) A person discharging a function to which guidance under this section relates must have regard to the guidance in discharging the function. Issue of closure notices by persons other than police officers 136Q(1) The Secretary of State may by order amend this Part so as to extend the power to authorise the issue of a closure notice to persons other than members of police forces. (2) An order under subsection (1) may make such further amendments of this Part as the Secretary of State thinks appropriate in consequence of the extension of that power to persons other than members of police forces. Interpretation 136R(1) This section applies for the purposes of this Part. “A closure notice” means a notice issued under section 136B. “A closure order” means— an order made under section 136D; an order extended under section 136I; an order made or extended under section 136K which has the like effect as an order made or extended under section 136D or 136I (as the case may be). “Closed premises” means premises in respect of which a closure order has effect. “Local authority”, in relation to England, means— a district council; a London borough council; a county council for an area for which there is no district council; the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as a local authority; the Council of the Isles of Scilly. “Local authority”, in relation to Wales, means— a county council; a county borough council. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 161 “Local authority”, in relation to Northern Ireland, means a district council. In the application of this Part to England and Wales, references to the local authority in relation to— any premises, a closure notice relating to any premises, or a closure order relating to any premises, are references to the local authority for the area in which the premises are situated. [F60(8A) In the application of this Part to Northern Ireland, references to the Secretary of State are to be read as references to the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland.] In the application of this Part to Northern Ireland, references to the local authority in relation to— any premises, a