must be conducted in accordance with the National Standards for Compliance and Audit of Law Enforcement ANPR by Wiltshire Police staff who have the appropriate security clearance. Wiltshire Police will support the national auditor in the monitoring and audit of access to the NAC and will provide relevant information on request The Wiltshire Police Integrity Auditor will audit the access to NAC by Wiltshire Police authorised users in accordance with Audit Standards and maintain a record of all audits that are undertaken. The details of these audits will be made available to supervisory authorities and regulatory bodies (for example but not necessarily limited to the Information CommissionerÕs Office, the Surveillance Camera Commissioner and the National Auditors) on request POLICY AIM. The aim of this Policy is to ensure the access, management of data and use of the NAS by employees of Wiltshire Police is consistent within the standards and requirements set out in NASPLE and meets the criteria for audit as set out in the National Standards for Compliance and Audit of Law Enforcement ANPR. APPLICABILITY. This Policy applies to all Wiltshire Police Officers and Staff who have access to the NAS; either as a direct user or requester of information from the system. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE. ANPR data from Wiltshire Police is police information within the meaning of The Code of Practice on the Management of Police Information 2005 (MoPI) made under the Police Act 1996 and Police Act 1997. It may be shared between LEAs in accordance with the provisions of that Code or any other document which applies similar standards in its place, including the National Crime AgencyÕs (NCA) Statement of Information Management Practice (SIMP). Access to and the retention and management of ANPR data obtained by Wiltshire Police must be compatible and consistent with their relevant legal obligations, these include but are not limited to: The Data Protection Legislation (i.e. the UK General Data Protection Regulations (UK GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018); ICO Code of Practice for Surveillance Camera Systems (ICO Code); Part 2 of the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 (PoFA); The Surveillance Camera Code issued under Part 2 of PoFA. Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 and Code of Practice issued under Part II of that Act (CPIA); RELATED DOCUMENTS and Authorised Professional Practice. Data Protection Policy College of Policing Approved Professional Practice Ð Information Management. DATA PROTECTION AND FREEDOM OF INFORMATION. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Data Protection Policy. This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT. This policy has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act 1998 and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this policy are responsible for ensuring that in its application, those to whom the policy applies, shall not receive less