(2) A person to whom this section applies must comply with any directions of a general nature given by the Treasury. (3) A person to whom this section applies must applyÑ (a) any concession published by the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs and available generally to any person falling within its terms, and (b) any interpretation of the law issued by the Commissioners (whether or not published). (4) A person to whom this section applies must alsoÑ (a) comply with any other guidance issued by the Commissioners (whether or not published), and (b) take account of any other material published by the Commissioners. Customs revenue officials 11 Designation of customs revenue officials (1) The Director of Border Revenue may designateÑ (a) an immigration officer, or (b) any other official in the department of the Secretary of State by whom general customs functions are exercisable, as a customs revenue official. (2) A customs revenue officialÑ (a) has, in relation to a customs revenue matter, the same functions as an officer of Revenue and Customs would have, and (b) may exercise the functions conferred on the Director by section 7 (customs revenue functions). (3) If a function within subsection (2) is exercisableÑ (a) in relation to a customs revenue matter, and (b) in relation to any other matter, (a) the function is exercisable by a customs revenue official in relation to the customs revenue matter only. (4) So far as is appropriate for the purposes of or in connection with this section, references to an officer of Revenue and Customs, or to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, in an enactment, instrument or document to which this section applies are to be construed as including a reference to a customs revenue official. (5) References in this section to functions of an officer of Revenue and Customs are to functions conferred by an enactment to which this section applies. (6) This section applies toÑ (a) an enactment passed or made, or an instrument or document issued, before this Act is passed, and (b) subject to express provision to the contrary, an enactment passed or made, or an instrument or document issued, after this Act is passed. (7) This includesÑ (a) section 2(4) of the Commissioners for Revenue and Customs Act 2005 (c. 11) (continuation of anything begun by one officer by another), (b) section 6 of that Act (officers' initial functions), (c) section 25(1), (1A) and (5) of that Act (conduct of civil proceedings), (d) section 25A(1) of that Act (certificates of debt), (e) section 26 of that Act (rewards), (f) section 31 of that Act (obstruction), (g) section 32 of that Act (assault), and (h) section 33 of that Act (power of arrest) other than in its application to an offence under section 30 of that Act (impersonation), but does not otherwise include any enactment contained in that Act. (8) This section has effect subject toÑ (a) any limitation specified in the official's designation under section 12 (supplementary provisions about designation),