and arrangements. Jointly approving and signing the force General Health and Safety Policy Statement with the Chief Constable. Regularly reviewing the health and safety performance of the OPCC. Promoting and championing a positive health and safety culture within the OPCC. Setting and agreeing health and safety plans for improvement and reviewing progress, through the force Occupational Health and Safety Committee forum. The Police and Crime Commissioner has nominated the Chief Executive to be the health and safety lead member who represents the OPCC as a full and active member of the Joint Health and Safety Committee. The Wiltshire Police Chief Constable The Chief Constable has overall responsibility for the effective implementation of health and safety legislation and ensuring that ÒWiltshire PoliceÓ complies with all relevant statutory health and safety requirements. These responsibilities include: Establishing and overseeing the effective running of the ForceÕs health and safety organisation and arrangements. Ensuring health and safety objectives are an integral part of the force strategic assessment and policing plan. Jointly approving and signing the force General Health and Safety Policy Statement with the Police and Crime Commissioner Chief Executive. Consulting with the Police and Crime Commissioner and allocating adequate resources for health and safety. Determining priorities for effective health and safety management. Regularly reviewing the health and safety performance of the Force. Promoting and championing a positive health and safety culture within the Force. Ensuring there is an effective health and safety management system in place within the Force. Devising, authorising and approving new or revised joint Wiltshire Police and OPCC health and safety policy or procedures, through the force Occupational Health and Safety Committee forum. Setting and agreeing health and safety plans for improvement and reviewing progress, through the force Occupational Health and Safety Committee forum. Establishing strategies and specifying a structure for the implementation of health and safety policy and work plans and ensuring these are integrated into the policing activities of Wiltshire Police. Assigning responsibilities for planning, measuring, reviewing and auditing health and safety policy and procedures Allocating adequate resources for health and safety. Ensuring provision is made for adequate financial resources to ensure that the Force can fulfill its legal obligations and duty of care as required by health and safety legislation. Health and Safety Planners including; All Senior Leaders The Chief Executive of the Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner delegates operational aspects of health and safety to all senior managers who are responsible for: Establishing suitable management arrangements and workplace precautions including policies, procedures, safe systems of work, standard operating procedures allocated within their direction and control. Ensuring health and safety is effectively planned and managed in areas of their responsibility to meet corporate health and safety objectives. By confirming health and safety objectives are an integral part of the policing plans and business planning. Promoting and championing a positive health and safety culture and encompassing involvement of all employees. Ensuring individual health and safety performance is monitored and included in appraisals. Regularly reviewing the local health