As David had communication difficulties, the social worker assisted with arranging safe face-to-face contact with a support worker. The support worker explained David’s options and rights and went with him to apply for housing, helping him to explain that he was a victim of abuse and ensuring that he was assessed correctly as eligible for assistance. It took time to locate housing suitable for David’s long-term needs. Whilst still living with his wife, he was supported with safety planning, advice and support to access health benefits and services and to help manage the move safely. After David was re-housed the specialist service provided support for a further six months, which included long-term safety, recovery, and wellbeing, and help to re-engage with the community. Disability Disabled victims (this may include, but is not limited to victims with physical or sensory impairments, mental health issues, learning disabilities, cognitive impairments, long-term health conditions and neuro diverse victims103) can face additional forms of abuse where the perpetrator is exploiting the victim’s particular vulnerabilities to abuse them. CSEW data from the year ending March 2020 shows that those with a disability were more likely to have been victims of domestic abuse in the previous year (11.8%) than those without (4.6%).104 Disabled victims may also be more likely to continue living with the perpetrator.105 Deaths involving disabled victims may be recorded as 103 Section 6 of the Equality Act 2010 defines a person as having a disability if he or she has a physical or mental impairment and the impairment has a substantial and long-term adverse effect on his or her ability to carry out normal day-to-day activities. This is for the purposes of this Act and the legislative framework it creates to advance equality of opportunity. 104 ONS. Domestic abuse victim characteristics, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2020. 105 SafeLives. Spotlight Report #HiddenVictims: Disabled Survivors Too: Disabled people and domestic abuse: 2017. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance ‘due to neglect’, rather than being captured as a domestic homicide, or without acknowledgment as a domestic abuse case. Disabled victims may be at increased risk in relation to particular examples of abusive behaviour, either from an intimate partner, family member, or carer (who is “personally connected” to them),106 or face specific risks relating to their disability and related circumstances including: control of medication; refusal to interpret; denial of access to health services or equipment; actions which makes the person’s health condition worse; and otherwise using the person’s disability to control them. For example, blind victims and partially sighted individuals may be at greater risk of harm than a sighted person would be in some circumstances. They may be more at risk of physical abuse in terms of awareness of the threat of harm and the extent of harm caused. Where information and services are not accessible, they may need to rely on others, such as a partner or family member, to read information for them. Disabled victims, particularly