10 days. Keeping in Touch days will be paid at SMP rate, then topped up to your normal contractual pay for that day. Please note you will only be paid for the hours you work however this will still count as a KIT day. Keeping in Touch days are optional, there is no obligation on the Force to provide these days, or on you to take them, however, these are a really good opportunity for you to: • Meet with your line manager to discuss any key team, functional, organisational changes including how these may affect you • Join any team meetings to keep in touch with colleagues, meet new ones • Discuss any potential flexible working arrangements you would like him/her to consider prior to your return to work. • Assess any training required prior to your return • Discuss what a transition back to work will look like • Sort any equipment/uniform requirements in good time for return • Any requirements related to breastfeeding/expressing You will need to complete a claim form for any KIT days worked which can be found on Sharepoint. The KIT day will not bring your maternity leave period to an end. Please note that employees taking a mix of maternity leave and shared parental leave are entitled to a maximum of 10 days which can be taken as KIT or SPLIT days during their maternity or shared parental leave. 1.14 Maternity Ð Return to Work You are entitled to return to the same rank with terms at least as good as your previous role. Regulations require you to give 21 daysÕ notice of your intention to return to work (unless you are returning at the end of your maternity leave period). However, as much notice as is reasonably practical is preferred to enable managers to make necessary arrangements for your return. You can change your date of return at any time providing you give at least 21 daysÕ notice of the re- arranged date. You would need to complete the Form M5. If you wish to return to work early, you will need to provide Wiltshire Police with a written request giving ideally 8 weeks, but no later than 21 daysÕ notice of your intention to return to work before the end of your maternity leave. You would need to complete the Form M5. If you do not notify the date of your return, you will be expected to return at the end of your maternity leave period. You may return to work at any time during ordinary maternity leave or additional maternity leave, provided that you give the appropriate notification. Alternatively, you may take your full period of maternity leave entitlement and return to work at the end of this period. If you wish to return before the full period of maternity leave has elapsed, you must give at least 8 weeks' notice (but no later than 28 days) in writing to the organisation of the date on which you intend to