given or assumed for violence. Societies have used cultural and/or religious justifications for male violence against women and girls and other people, based on traditional notions of patriarchy, women as property and acceptable behaviour, whereby an individual, family and communityÕs honour is weighted on women and girls. Such notions are often supported by varying degrees of social collusion and approval. Honour based violence sits within the wider framework of violence against women and girls. This acknowledges the gendered nature of honour based violence as the vast majority of victims and those at risk are female and that honour based violence takes place overwhelmingly within families. However there remains the issue of male victims and their ability to access services and safety. There is less consensus that honour based violence should sit within the framework of domestic abuse. Some of the reasons cited for this include the nature of honour based violence as being different to domestic abuse in that the perpetrator is NOT necessarily an intimate partner or family member and that there may be multiple perpetrators including other family and community members. The collective nature of honour based violence offending makes it distinct from domestic abuse. Please see HM GovernmentÕs updated 1domestic abuse definition and that provided by 2Refuge. Although cases show that much of the violence does originate from intimate partners and the immediate family, further violence can be instigated by extended family members and members of 1Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (legislation.gov.uk) 2 http://www.refuge.org.uk/get-help-now/what-is-domestic-violence/ the community who support the familyÕs actions or collude in or perpetrate the violence on behalf of the family. In 2007 ACPO developed a Ôfront lineÕ working definition to enable our police officers and staff members to readily identify what they are dealing with so that they can take effective action to safeguard victim(s), survivor(s) and witness(es) and signpost them to specialist support. This working definition currently remains relevant. The National Police Chiefs CouncilÕs definition of Honour Based Abuse is: Ôan incident or crime involving violence, threats of violence, intimidation, coercion or abuse (including psychological, physical, sexual, financial or emotional abuse), which has or may have been committed to protect or defend the honour of an individual, family and or community for alleged or perceived breaches of the family and / or communityÕs code of behaviourÕ. Further Explanation ÔHonour Based AbuseÕ, which includes forced marriage (FM) and female genital mutilation (FGM) is a fundamental abuse of Human Rights. It very frequently involves the commission of crimes. There is no honour in the commission of murder, rape, kidnap and the many other acts, behaviour and conduct which make up Ôviolence in the name of honourÕ. Such crimes are shameful and bring dishonour on the perpetrators. Honour based Abuse is a collection of practices, which are used to control behaviour within families and/or communities to protect perceived cultural & religious beliefs and/or honour. Such violence can occur when perpetrators perceive that a relative has shamed the family and / or community by breaking their honour code