inspectors considerÑ 80 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) would be against the interests of national security, or (b) might jeopardise the safety of any person. (2A) The inspectors must disclose to the Secretary of State anything excluded from publication by virtue of subsection (2).Ó. (4) For subsection (3) substituteÑ Ò(3) The inspectors of constabulary must send a copy of the published report toÑ (a) the Secretary of State, (b) the local policing body maintaining the police force to which the report relates, (c) the chief officer of police of that police force, and (d) any police and crime panel established under section 28 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 for the police area of that police force.Ó. (5) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó, and (b) for ÒauthorityÓ substitute Ò body Ó. (6) In subsection (5)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c) and in the words following that paragraph, for ÒauthorityÓ substitute Ò body Ó. (7) In subsection (6) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. (8) Omit subsection (8). 85 Inspection programmes and frameworks (1) Paragraph 2 of Schedule 4A to the Police Act 1996 (further provision about HMIC) is amended as follows. (2) In sub-paragraph (1) omit Ò, or at such times as the Secretary of State may specify by order,Ó. (3) In sub-paragraph (2) for Òeach of those persons or bodiesÓ substitute Ò the Secretary of State Ó. (4) After sub-paragraph (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) The chief inspector of constabulary mustÑ (a) lay before Parliament a copy of each inspection programme or inspection framework prepared under this paragraph, (b) arrange for each such programme or framework to be published in such manner as the chief inspector thinks appropriate, and (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 81 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (c) send a copy of each such programme or framework to each of the persons or bodies listed in sub-paragraph (2)(a) to (j). (2B) But the chief inspector of constabulary must obtain the approval of the Secretary of State to the inspection programme or framework in question before acting under sub-paragraph (2A).Ó. (5) In sub-paragraph (3)Ñ (a) before Òto sendÓ insert Ò under sub-paragraph (2A)(c) Ó, and (b) for Òthat