You will be able to check this before you sign it as an accurate record. • If you want to make a statement to the police, the interpreter will make a copy of that statement in your own language for you to check and sign as correct. • You are also entitled to a translation of this Notice. If a translation is not available, you must be given the information through an interpreter and provided with a translation without undue delay. 9. Contacting your embassy or consulate If you are not British, you can tell the police that you want to contact your High Commission, Embassy or Consulate to tell them where you are and why you are in the police station. They can also visit you in private or arrange for a solicitor to see you. 10. For how long you can be detained • You can normally be detained for up to 24 hours without being charged. This can be longer but only if the offence could be tried by a judge and jury in a crown court and a Police Superintendent or a court allows it to happen. After 36 hours, only a court can allow the police more time to detain you without being charged. • Every so often a senior police officer must look into your case to see if you should still be kept at the police station. This is called a review and the officer is the review officer. Unless you are not in a fit state, you have the right to have a say about this decision in writing or by telling the review officer in person or over a television link. Your solicitor also has a right to have a say about this on your behalf. • If the review officer doesnÕt release you, you must be told why and the reason recorded in your custody record. • If your detention is not necessary, you must be released. If the police tell you that they want to continue investigating the offence, you will be released either on bail or without bail. If bailed, you must be given a written notice to tell you that you must return to the police station and about any conditions that may apply to your bail. • When police want to ask a court to extend your detention: ~ You must be brought to court for the hearing unless a television link is set up, so you can see and hear the people in the court and they can see and hear you. ~ A television link cannot be set up unless the custody officer considers it is appropriate, a solicitor has advised you about its use and you have given your consent. ~ You must be given a copy of the information which tells the court about the evidence and why police want to keep you in custody. ~ You have a right to have a solicitor with you for the court hearing. ~ The