place. Figure 5.2 Cyber security processes explicitly regarding AI technologies currently deployed or that businesses plan to deploy Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question C3. Please could you summarise what these practices or processes are/might be? Base: Those with or intending to have specific AI cyber security practices or processes (150). For those without or not intending to have specific AI cyber security practices or processes, there were a few key reasons as to why they had not adopted specific practices. 14% had not considered it or did not believe they know enough about it, and 14% said they do not use AI for anything sensitive (and therefore deemed it unnecessary). Around one in ten said AI is not widely used enough to warrant specific measures (11%) and that it falls within their general cyber security practices anyway (10%). Those who purchased of off-the-shelf products were more likely to say AI is not widely used enough to warrant specific cyber security measures (18% vs 11% overall). Two-fifths (39%) of all businesses that took part in the survey said that there were not any specific cyber security requirements or features that they expect to be built into AI companiesÕ models and systems, and a further third (33%) were unsure. One in ten (11%) said that they would expect data protection and privacy to be built in, rising to 23% among large organisations, and 17% among those who purchased off-the-shelf AI tools. Others mentioned higher levels of security (3%), ensuring data sources are legal and reliable (2%) and protection against hacking/cyber-attacks (2%). 3% said security is already built into the AI system. Micro organisations were more likely to say that there were not any specific cyber requirements they would expect to be built into AI companiesÕ models and systems (47% vs 39% overall). Of those organisations that outsourced the development of their AI technology, 81% said they had not identified a vulnerability or been breached as a result of the AI service deployed in their infrastructure. 11% had identified a vulnerability but not been breached, while 4% had experienced a breach. There was no significant variation across subgroups. 6. General cyber security practices This final chapter explores general cyber security practices. As stated to organisations that took part in the survey, this means any strategy, processes, practices or technologies that organisations have in place to secure their networks, computers, programs or the data they hold from damage, attack or unauthorised access. General cyber security practices When asked more generally about cyber security practices, 90% of all businesses had at least one governance or risk management arrangement in place. Just under three-quarters (72%) had a formal policy or policies in place covering cyber security risks, and around two-thirds had either a Business Continuity Plan that covers cyber security (67%), or a written list of the most critical data, systems or assets that their organisation wants to protect (64%). As shown Figure 6.1, findings varied considerably by the size of the organisation. Large businesses