is designed to ensure asylum seekers who are victims of domestic abuse receive the specialist support they need. This statutory guidance applies to asylum seekers who are entitled to asylum support, which will be provided whether in supported accommodation or a specialist refuge. Those granted refugee status or humanitarian protection in the UK have access to support provisions in the same way as anyone else residing in the UK with recourse to public funds. Asylum seekers can remain supported by the Home Office while their claim is being processed and recognised refugees have the right to work, access to benefits and can apply for housing. Local authorities may also provide basic safety net support, regardless of immigration status, if it is established that there is a genuine care need that does not arise solely from destitution, for example, where there are community care needs, migrants with serious health problems or family cases where the wellbeing of a child is in question. If a victim of domestic abuse has children, local authorities have a duty to provide financial support and/or accommodation under section 17 of the Children Act 1989 to safeguard the welfare of those in need, regardless of their immigration status or that of their parents. No recourse to public funds (NRPF) - change of conditions An application to lift the NRPF status is available for migrants on certain specified human rights routes to settlement, such as the five-year parent route or ten-year partner, parent, or private life route. An applicant who has encountered a change in their circumstances and due to this will be destitute or at imminent risk of destitution, has a child whose particular additional and essential needs will not be met without access to public funds, or is encountering exceptional financial circumstances, may qualify for their NRPF status to be lifted. Fee Waivers Fee waivers are available for certain specified human rights applications where a migrant is applying for the right to remain in the UK based on family or private life but Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance cannot afford the fee. These include applicants under the five-year parent route and the ten-year partner, parent, or private life route. Alcohol and substance misuse Despite limited evidence, some studies have found a significant relationship between alcohol and drug use and intimate partner violence.127 CSEW data for the year ending March 2018 found 16.6% of partner abuse victims highlighted that the offender was under the influence of alcohol, and 10.6% under the influence of drugs. Around one in five (21%) of victims said they did not know or did not want to answer whether the perpetrator was under the influence of alcohol.128 A 2022 Home Office report summarising 127 Domestic Homicide Reviews (DHRs) found that alcohol and drug use was noted as a perpetrator vulnerability in around a third of cases.129 Some victims may use alcohol and drugs as a coping mechanism in response to abuse. Alcohol can also be embedded in a relationship with perpetrators of