Court of Appeal, and therefore there is no need to warn you that the offender has applied. However, the Commission will tell you if they think there is a reasonable chance that you may find out that they are looking at a case though the media or through another source. The Commission will usually work with the police to notify you of an application and will contact you again when a decision has been made on whether they refer the case. 9.18 If the Commission decides that it is not appropriate to contact you during the review, but subsequently decides to refer the conviction or sentence to the courts, the Commission will try their best to contact you before the case is referred for an appeal. 9.1 Right 10: To be paid expenses and have property returned 10.1 If you attend court41 to give evidence, you have the Right to claim certain expenses from the Crown Prosecution Service,42 for example, for travel, child care, loss of earnings, refreshments and meals (further details are available on the Crown Prosecution Service website at: www. cps.gov.uk). The Witness Care Unit will be able to help if you have any questions about claiming expenses. 10.2 The Crown Prosecution Service will pay any expenses due to you within 10 working days of receiving a correctly completed claim form. 10.3 If the police took any of your property as evidence, you have the Right to get it back as soon as it is no longer required. The police will be able to help if you have any questions about the return of your property. 41 If you attend a prison to present your Victim Personal Statement to the Parole Board panel you are eligible to claim certain expenses from the Parole Board, for example, for travel, or refreshments and meals. Your Victim Liaison Officer will be able to help if you have any questions about claiming these expenses. 42 Other service providers responsible for prosecuting an offence must have rules under which victims have the possibility of reimbursement of expenses incurred from attending court to give evidence. 1 Right 11: To be given information about the offender following a conviction The Victim Contact Scheme 11.1 If you are the victim or a bereaved family relative and the offender was convicted of a specified violent or sexual offence,43 and sentenced to 12 months or more in prison44 (or detained in a hospital for treatment under the Mental Health Act 1983 with or without a restriction order45), you have the Right to be automatically referred within 10 working days of sentencing to the National Probation Service Victim Contact Scheme and be assigned a Victim Liaison Officer. The Victim Liaison Officer will contact you within 20 working days of the referral. 11.2 Where you choose to receive the Victims Contact Scheme, you are entitled to receive information at key stages of the offenderÕs sentence (see 11.3). You may opt-out and opt back in to the Victims Contact Scheme at