a person to attend a police station in order to have a sample taken. 272 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Photographing persons in police detention 33 Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall, at police stations in the relevant police area, have the power of a constable under section 64A of the 1984 Act (photographing of suspects etc.) to take a photograph of a person detained at a police station. Taking of impressions of footwear [F99833A Where a designation applies this paragraph to any personÑ (a) he shall, at any police station in the relevant police area, have the powers of a constable under section 61A of the 1984 Act (impressions of footwear) to take impressions of a person's footwear without the appropriate consent; and (b) the requirement by virtue of section 61A(5)(a) of the 1984 Act that a person must be informed by an officer that an impression of his footwear may be the subject of a speculative search shall be capable of being discharged, in the case of a person at such a station, by his being so informed by the person to whom this paragraph applies.] Powers in respect of detained persons [F99933B Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall be under a duty, when in the course of his employment he is present at a police stationÑ (a) to keep under control any person detained at the police station and for whom he is for the time being responsible; (b) to assist any officer or other designated person to keep any other person detained at the police station under control; and (c) to prevent the escape of any such person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b), and for those purposes shall be entitled to use reasonable force. 33C Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall be entitled to use reasonable force whenÑ Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 273 (a) securing, or assisting an officer