to malicious allegations of substance misuse. There is a power to test all Wiltshire Police staff if it is suspected that a police staff member is misusing controlled drugs. For ÒcauseÓ to be established, the test of Òreasonable suspicionÓ must be satisfied. It will be made clear to the staff member that testing Òwith causeÓ may either prove or disprove intelligence or allegations made. A single and unsubstantiated allegation, particularly if made by a member of the public who may have malicious intent, would not normally amount to cause. ÔWith CauseÕ tests may only be conducted with the written authority of Head of Professional Standards or the Detective Inspector CCU. This authority will be recorded within the CCU. Wiltshire Police staff for the purpose of this policy is: Intelligence, which is considered to initiate with cause procedures, will where possible be audited to check its provenance and credibility. Officers (of all ranks) working in the following fields may be liable to be tested without cause. 8.1 Identified Vulnerable Posts / Safety Critical Posts • Firearms officers. All officers authorised to use firearms, or who directly supervise such officers. • Drivers and motorcyclists who have received the appropriate training to use the police exemptions under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984. All officers who have received • the appropriate training to use the police exemptions under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984, and holding posts in which they may be called upon to use those exemptions. • POLSA Teams. All officers who are members or supervisors of Police Search Advisor teams 8.2 Vulnerable and Security Sensitive Posts • Serious and Organised Crime Unit officers • Foundation undercover officers and coordinator • All Superintendent Posts (due to command responsibilities) • Firearms Commanders (ITFC, TFC and SFC) • CCU Officers • Dedicated Source Unit Officers • All members of the Force Fortitude Team • Special Branch Officers • New members of the Wiltshire Police (Police Officers, relevant Police Staff, members of the Special Constabulary, Officers on Transfer, and Volunteers) • All members of the Wiltshire intelligence Unit 8.3 Testing covers the illicit use of the following substances: • Amphetamines (including ecstasy) • Cannabis • Cocaine • Opiates (e.g. morphine and heroin) • Benzodiazepines • Where testing is carried out in accordance with 19A(1)(a) because the Chief Officer has reasonable cause to suspect, on the basis of intelligence, that the officer has used a controlled drug. The testing may cover one other controlled drug or drug group in addition to the controlled drugs listed above. There may be legitimate reasons for a drug being present in a specimen. Officers required to take a test must declare all medications they are taking. The content of such declarations will be confidential to the Occupational Health Unit, and to the medical officer reviewing the result of a test. It is explicit within the medical declaration form that failure to disclose fully will be regarded as a failure of the test. Where a positive result occurs, failure to