the case of separation, whether the separation— would be likely, or if carried out by the only means that are reasonably practicable on those premises, would be likely, to prejudice the use of some or all of the separated seizable property for a purpose for which something seized under the power in question is capable of being used. Section 19(6) of the 1984 Act and Article 21(6) of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989 1341 (N.I. 12)) (powers of seizure not to include power to seize anything that a person has reasonable grounds for believing is legally privileged) shall not apply to the power of seizure conferred by subsection (2). 40 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes This section applies to each of the powers of seizure specified in Part 1 of Schedule 1. Without prejudice to any power conferred by this section to take a copy of any document, nothing in this section, so far as it has effect by reference to the power to take copies of documents under section 28(2)(b) [F98or 28A(2)(b)] of the Competition Act 1998 (c. 41), shall be taken to confer any power to seize any document. [F99(7) Without prejudice to any power conferred by this section to take a copy of any document, nothing in this section, so far as it has effect by reference to the power to take copies of, or extracts from, information under section 75(2)(h) of the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Act 2024, is to be taken to confer any power to seize any information.] Additional powers of seizure from the person Where— a person carrying out a lawful search of any person finds something that he has reasonable grounds for believing may be or may contain something for which he is authorised to search, a power of seizure to which this section applies or the power conferred by subsection (2) would entitle him, if he found it, to seize whatever it is that he has grounds for believing that thing to be or to contain, and in all the circumstances it is not reasonably practicable for it to be determined, at the time and place of the search— whether what he has found is something that he is entitled to seize, or the extent to which what he has found contains something that he is entitled to seize, that person’s powers of seizure shall include power under this section to seize so much of what he has found