such a recommendation, the Secretary of State must have regard to any recommendations made by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. [F19(3A) A person is eligible for appointment if the person is or has beenÑ (a) a constable in any part of the United Kingdom, or (b) a police officer in an approved overseas police force, of at least the approved rank. [ But a person who would be eligible for appointment by virtue of subsection (3A) is F20(3AA) not eligible for appointment at a time when the person is included in the police barred list maintained under section 88B of the Police Act 1996.] (3B) An Òapproved overseas police forceÓ is a police force whichÑ (a) is in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom designated by regulations made by the Secretary of State, and (b) is designated in relation to that country or territory by the regulations. (3C) The Òapproved rankÓ for an approved overseas police force is the rank which is designated as the approved rank for that police force by the regulations. (3D) The College of Policing must recommend to the Secretary of State matters to be designated under this section. (3E) The Secretary of State may make regulations under this section only if they give effect to a recommendation under subsection (3D).] (4) The appointment of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. 43 Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (1) The Metropolitan Police force has one Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (2) The Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is to be appointed by Her Majesty by warrant under Her sign manual. (1) 42 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) A person holds office as the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis at Her Majesty's pleasure. [F21(3A) The Secretary of State may not recommend to Her Majesty that She appoint a person as the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis unless that person is eligible for appointment. (3B) A person is not eligible for appointment at a time when the person is included in the police barred list maintained under section 88B of the Police Act 1996.] (4) Before recommending to Her Majesty that She appoint a person as the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, the Secretary of State must have regard toÑ (a) any recommendations made by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, and (b) any representations made by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (5) The appointment of the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is subject