by banning or limiting DEI in schools is the threat to cultural competence and the undermining of the student community, which is why colleges need to continue supporting their students by developing alternative solutions to ensure equal representation. Policy Idea Colleges should implement culturally responsive teaching as an effective way to counter anti-DEI legislation, which creates an inclusive learning space by using student’s diverse backgrounds to add cultural nuance to the curriculum.8 Through implementing culturally responsive teaching, inclusion begins in the classroom and focuses on building student-to- student and student-to-teacher relationships. To allow the program to be implemented and sustained, qualitative and quantitative data must be consistently gauged. The quantitative way to determine if culturally responsive teaching is effective is by analyzing students’ academic performance prior to and post-implementation. Additionally, the retention rates within classes and majors should be used to determine if culturally responsive teaching effectively encourages students through engagement and participation. Adding these techniques into daily lessons will make individuals more empathetic and culturally informed inside and outside of the classroom. Policy Analysis Culturally responsive teaching has proven to improve academic outcomes and the development of ethnic-racial identity due to culturally responsive teaching being more effective than traditional teaching methods.10 Although teachers feel ill-prepared to lead conversations about race, a University of Pittsburgh study revealed that they would be willing to implement culturally responsive teaching in their classrooms if they received adequate training.11 Furthermore, the ease of implementing culturally responsive teaching through simple curriculum changes, such as changing the literature being studied, makes universities more inclined to implement the program. The primary issue with traditional learning is that it does not address the realities of today’s society and only supports a certain demographic: middle-class, white, and English-speaking families.13 A simple solution is increasing diversity among teachers. Since 80% of full-time professors are white, conversations about race become easier when students of color feel connected to their teachers because of shared experiences.13 It has been noted that students are, in fact, not the blank slates they are made out to be; they start to develop their own understandings of the world very early on, and it is key to utilize this within classrooms rather than repress it.14 To counter the argument of the Republican lawmakers who do not find it beneficial to the economy to invest in DEI initiatives, research shows a correlation between attending a racially diverse institution and income earnings.5 Therefore, implementing culturally responsive teaching can counter the anti-DEI legislation and assist the future economy. The qualitative measure of student participation increases active learning, therefore enhancing problem-solving and collaboration between students. Since DEI policies create equitable resources for all students and foster a sense of community where everyone feels valued, it is vital to create substitute programs amidst the recent legislation targeting DEI practices. Highlights The increasing attacks on efforts to ensure minorities have an equal playing field makes culturally responsive teaching essential for creating an immediate impact. Over 100 bills in 30 states are working to