disruptions falls to Business Innovation and Skills), work closely together. The Civil Contingencies Secretariat (CCS) in the Cabinet Office co- ordinates their work to enhance the countryÕs resilience to the full range of emergencies. Central government works very closely with the devolved administrations, local authorities and emergency services. Officials attend the full range of multi-agency forums and regularly go out to visit practitioners. Arrangements in England The Department for Communities and Local Government - Resilience and Emerg encies Division (DCLG-RED) (https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/working- with-local-partners-to-plan-for-and-respond-to-emerg encies) provides the platform for multi-LRF co-operation and planning in emergency preparedness where this would add value by improving co-ordination between local and central response. This section outlines the arrangements in England for emergency preparedness at this level. Co-operation at the sub-national level Co-operation at the sub-national level in England is a key element of the UKÕs civil protection framework. The sub-national tier is not a judgement on the local level; rather, it is a mechanism for improving co-ordination and communication into and out from the centre of government. Co-operation at the sub-national level involves the representatives of local responders and central government bodies working together to address larger-scale civil protection issues. Co-operation may take place within a multi-agency setting or directly between 2 or more responders. Role of the sub-national tier The function of the sub-national tier is to improve co-ordination and communication between central government and local responders and other organisations and to ensure that areas are prepared to respond to events which would affect most or all of the area or which could overwhelm any locality. The successful delivery of the sub-national resilience capability rests critically on local responders and other organisations and central government working together in partnership to ensure effective and co-ordinated planning and response. Opportunities to collaborate and co-operate at a multi-LRF Level Planning for and responding to large-scale emergencies cannot be done in isolation in each local resilience forum (LRF). Mechanisms for cross-boundary working and relationship building are essential as some emergencies will overwhelm localitiesÕ resources and/or boundaries. Collaboration and co-operation between localities in England is a well-established and critical way of working in civil contingencies. It is a mechanism: for enabling pooling of resources to achieve agreed mutual aims and outcomes for avoiding duplication of work between neighbouring LRFs or avoiding activity by an LRF that may be counter-productive to a neighbouring LRF to support planning and exercising for emergencies that cross local resilience areas or which could overwhelm a locality that enables individual responders, local forums and central government to work together to address large-scale civil protection issues DCLG-RED works directly with LRFs, supporting collaboration and co-operation in planning for wide-area high-impact events affecting more than one locality. RED has allocated Resilience Advisers to each LRF so that LRFs have named contacts with which to build working relationships. For more information, see chapter 16 of ÔEmerg ency preparednessÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/61039/Chapter -16-final-post-consultCCS_amends_16042012.pdf) on collaboration and co-operation between LRFs. Published 20 February 2013 All content is available under the Open Government Licence