be occasions when due to unforeseen situations a member of staff may require to be absent from work and in order to cater for this, managers have the abilities to authorise additional paid leave such as ÔDependants LeaveÕ or ÔCompassionate leave. SICKNESS DURING ANNUAL LEAVE / PUBLIC HOLIDAYS Where sickness interrupts a period of annual leave an individual may seek to reclaim the relevant time upon presentation of a fit note (the replacement for the medical certificate). This applies to the hours of annual leave covered by the doctorÕs certificate, the cost of any fit note rests with the individual. Individuals cannot claim bank / public holiday enhancements if they were unable to work their rostered shift due to sickness. Similarly where an individual becomes sick on a free day or a rest day, they will not have days reallocated to them. ACCRUAL OF ANNUAL PERIODS OF ABSENCE Annual leave will continue to accrue during periods of sickness absence and maternity leave. ANNUAL LEAVE WHEN LEAVING If an individual leaves part way through the leave year, they will be entitled to receive payment for the annual leave accrued for that leave year, calculated on a daily basis. If they have taken more leave than they have accrued, this will be deducted from their final salary. BANK / PUBLIC HOLIDAYS There are normally 8 Bank and Public Holidays recognised per year: ? Good Friday ? Easter Monday ? May Day Holiday ? Spring Bank Holiday ? Late Summer Bank Holiday ? Christmas Day ? Boxing Day ? New YearÕs Day To ensure consistency of practice across the organisation, all officers and staff will have their bank and public holiday entitlement calculated in hours. As a general principle, a bank or public holiday is worth 8 hours to a full time officer, 7 hours and 24 minutes to a full time staff member, and pro rata for part time staff. GRS will automatically calculate the relevant amounts for each year, based upon an individualÕs contracted weekly hours, including any adjustments required under Police Regulations where applicable. See Appendix A. Police Officers now have the option to nominate alternative days as their statutory Public Holidays (except 25th December). Please refer to the separate substitution procedure for further details. RECALL TO DUTY FROM ANNUAL LEAVE Ð POLICE OFFICERS Recalled to duty Compensation days Or: Period Recalled for 1 or 2 days Additional 16 hours (2 days) annual leave 8 hours annual leave (1 day) and 8 hours (1 day) pay at double time In lieu of each day that you were recalled Recalled for 3 days or more Additional 16 hours (2 days) annual leave 8 hours annual leave (1 day) and 8 hours (1 day) pay at double time In lieu of each day that you were recalled for the first two days AND: 12 hours annual leave 8 hours annual leave (1 day) and 4 hours (1/2 day) pay at double time In lieu of each day recalled thereafter The above applies