prejudice to an important public interest, legal advice should be sought about the need for disclosure of that information. There may be the possibility of a public interest immunity application to the court so that the sensitive information need not be disclosed. The appropriate officer should be in a position to deal with any questions the judge may have about the accuracy of information provided or 14 See section 361(1). any other related matters. 32. The person applying must be ready to satisfy the judge that they are an appropriate officer (see section 378) permitted to apply for the order or warrant15. 33. Appropriate officers should seek reasons (if not already given) from the judge for the grounds on which a decision is made, whether or not an application for an order or warrant is approved or rejected. Action to be taken in serving an order or warrant 34. In all cases, the investigatory powers should be exercised fairly, courteously, responsibly and with respect for the persons and property of those concerned and without discrimination. 35. In deciding the method of service of the order or notice, the appropriate officer (in the case of a disclosure order or a customer information order), should take into account all the circumstances of the investigation, including the possible need to prove that service was effected, and the person or body on whom the order or notice is served. Search and seizure warrants are executed by an Òappropriate personÓ16 who should also have regard to these matters when executing the warrant. 36. When serving the order or notice under the order, or executing the warrant, a covering letter must be provided which includes the following information (unless it is already included in the order or the notice): • the name of the person who is the subject of the order, warrant or notice or the name by which he or she is known; • a warning in plain language that failure without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirement may be an offence and could result in prosecution, or could lead to contempt of court proceedings; • in the case of a disclosure order, a statement setting out the effect of section 359(1) and (3), and in the case of a customer information order, a statement setting out the effect of section 366(1) and (3); namely, that a warning be given in plain language that failure without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirement, or knowingly or recklessly providing a false or misleading statement for the purpose of purported compliance, may be an offence and could result in prosecution; 15 This could be by means of a certificate signed by the relevant Director. 16 Section 352(5). • a statement that the warning given does not constitute a criminal caution, nor has the consequences of one; • a general description of the investigation in connection with which the requirement is made (it is not necessary to specify the name of the person or property subject