functions on police authorities) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In the title, for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (3) In subsection (1), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (4) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òpolice force maintained for its areaÓ substitute Ò the City of London police force Ó; (c) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (5) In subsection (3), for paragraphs (a) and (b) substituteÑ Ò(a) the Common Council, (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the Commissioner of Police for the City of London, andÓ. (6) Omit subsection (4). 253 11 (1) Section 6ZB (plans by police authorities) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In the title, for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (3) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for Òevery police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òthe authority'sÓ substitute Òthe Common Council'sÓ; (c) for Òits areaÓ substitute Ò the City of London police area, and for the discharge by the City of London Police of its national or international functions Ó. (4) For subsection (2) substituteÑ Ò(2) In issuing a policing plan, the Common Council must have regard to the strategic policing requirement issued under section 37A.Ó. (5) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òrelevant chief officer of policeÓ substitute Ò Commissioner of Police for the City of London Ó; (c) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó. (6) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òa police authorityÓ substitute Ò the Common Council Ó; (b) for Òrelevant chief officer of policeÓ (in the first place) substitute Ò Commissioner of Police for the City of London Ó; (c) for Òauthority forÓ substitute Ò Common Council for Ó; (d) for ÒAuthority shallÓ substitute Ò Common Council shall Ó; (e) for Òrelevant chief officer of policeÓ (in the second place) substitute Ò Commissioner of Police for the City of London Ó. (7) In subsection (8), for paragraphs (a) and (b) substituteÑ Ò(a) the Common Council, (b) the Commissioner of Police for the City of London, andÓ. (8) Omit subsection (9). (9) Omit subsection (11). 254 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 12 (1) Section 6ZC (reports by police authorities) is amended in accordance with this