its activities in the event of disruption. Invocation supports the critical activities of an organisation; plans may be invoked in whole or part and at any stage. 6.73. An Incident Management Plan is a clearly defined and documented plan-of- action for use at the time of an incident. It should typically cover: task and action lists; emergency contacts; people activities; media response; stakeholder management; and locations. Other useful information to consider: contacts; mobilisation details for relevant agencies; log templates; maps, charts, plans and photographs. 6.74. A Business Continuity Plan will typically contain: action plans and task lists, for example: how the BCP is invoked, who is responsible, the procedure, who does what when and where, services available, communications; resource requirements, for example: people, premises, technology, information and supplies; responsible person(s) and; forms, templates and annexes. 6.75. A Business Recovery Plan aims to support the recovery and resumption of operations to a ÒnormalÓ state. However, with some incidents it may not be possible to define what ÒnormalÓ looks like until some time after an incident. Category 1 responders might, therefore, wish to ensure that BCPs are capable of extended operation, giving time for the development of recovery plans. 6.76. The below diagram provides an illustration of how these three sorts of plan will come into play during a disruption. 6.1. Figure 6.2: Incident Timeline BS 25999:2006 BRITISH STANDARD Business Continuity Management Part 1: Code of Practice 19 Stage 5: Exercising, maintaining and reviewing BCM arrangements 6.77. The Regulations require Category 1 responders to put in place arrangements 6.1. to exercise BCPs to ensure they are effective.20 An organisationÕs business continuity and incident management arrangements cannot be considered reliable until exercised. Exercising is essential to developing teamwork, competence, confidence and knowledge, which is vital at the time of an incident. Arrangements should be verified through exercising, and a process of audit and self-assessment, to ensure that they are fit for purpose. 6.78. When developing a BCM exercise programme, Category 1 responders will need to consider the: o focus of the programme; o types of exercise to be used 19 Permission to reproduce extracts from [Name of Standard] is granted by BSI. British Standards can be obtained in PDF or hard copy formats from the BSI online shop: www.bsigroup.com/Shop or by contacting BSI Customer Services for hardcopies only: Tel: +44 (0)20 8996 9001, Email: cservices@bsigroup.com. 20 regulation 25(a) o involvement of senior management in developing, executing and quality-assuring the programme; o process for delivering exercises; and o relationship between the BCM exercise programme and the exercising of emergency plans. 6.79. Exercises should focus on impacts and test capabilities. While there is an infinite number of scenarios and possible responses, the list of impacts and capabilities is limited. Figure 6.3: Types and Methods of Exercising BCM Strategies 21 Complexity Exercise Process Variants Good Practice Frequency ? Simple Desk check Review/ amendment of content Challenge content of BCP Update/validation Audit/verification At least annually Annually Medium Walk- through of plan Simulation Exercise critical activities Challenge content