employees through the health and safety portal pages on the Sharepoint site. Health and Safety Management System The joint Wiltshire Police and Wiltshire & Swindon Office of Police and Crime Commissioner Health and Safety Management System Procedure details key elements of the health and safety management system including; Setting Policy, Organisation, Planning & Setting Standards, Monitoring, Audit and Review. This procedure also includes detailed health and safety communication, control, competence and consultation arrangements. Performance Standards The joint health and safety management system details the agreed joint health and safety performance standards including specific policies, procedures, risk assessments, safe systems of work and other guidance documents. All such documents are available to all employees through the health and safety portal pages on the intranet site. Detailed below is a current list of the joint health and safety performance standards in the form of procedural guidance documents. Management of Asbestos Procedure Wearing and Use of Body Armour Procedure Management of Clinical Waste Procedure Management of Contractors Procedure Display Screen Equipment Procedure Electrical Safety Procedure Fire Safety Management Procedure First Aid Procedure Risk Assessment Procedure Health and Safety Training Strategy Health and Safety Inspection Procedure Health and Safety Auditing Procedure Health, Wellbeing and Stress Management Procedure Infection Control Procedure Management of Legionella Procedure Lone Working Procedure Manual Handling Procedure Noise at Work Procedure Provision and Use of Work Equipment Procedure Respiratory Protective Equipment Procedure Vibration at Work Procedure Management of slippery and icy conditions Procedure Young Persons Procedure Working at Height Procedure 9. OPCC Health and Safety Management Chart The OPCC Health and Safety Management chart can be found below. RELATED DOCUMENTS and Authorised Professional Practice (A.P.P.). All other joint Wiltshire Police and Wiltshire & Swindon Office of Police and Crime CommissionerÕs Health and Safety Policies and Procedures DATA PROTECTION AND FREEDOM OF INFORMATION. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT. This procedure has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this procedure are responsible for ensuring that in its application, those to whom the procedure applies, shall not receive less favourable treatment because of their age, colour, disability, ethnic or national origin, gender re-assignment, marital status, nationality, race, religion, sex or sexual orientation. This policy has been subject to an equality impact assessment and has been graded Low Impact. ? Revision History Version Date Summary of changes Revised Statement of Safety Policy added. 3.0 07.03.2022 4.0 21.07.2023 Revision following new chief constable appointment WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE PROCEDURE Health, Wellbeing and Stress Management Effective from: 19.12.19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Identification 3 Ownership 3 Revision History 3 Approvals 3 Distribution 3 Equality Impact Assessment 3 Consultation 4 Implications of the Procedure 4 Training Requirements