in subsection (11)(a) or (b) for the purposes of this section; (b) giving examples of cases in which a public assembly is or is not to be treated as resulting inÑ (i) serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the assembly, or (ii) serious disruption to the life of the community. (13) Regulations under subsection (11)Ñ (a) are to be made by statutory instrument; (b) may apply only in relation to public assemblies in England and Wales; (c) may make incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision, including provision which makes consequential amendments to this Part. (14) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (11) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.Ó (7) The Secretary of State must, before the end of the period of 2 years beginning with the day on which this section comes into forceÑ (a) prepare and publish a report on the operation of the amendments to section 14 of the Public Order Act 1986 made by this section, and (b) lay the report before Parliament. 75 Offences under sections 12 and 14 of the Public Order Act 1986 (1) The Public Order Act 1986 is amended as follows. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 81 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) Section 12 (imposing conditions on public processions) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (6). (3) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for ÒA personÓ substitute ÒSubject to subsection (5A), a personÓ, and (b) omit ÒknowinglyÓ. (4) In subsection (5)Ñ (a) for ÒA personÓ substitute ÒSubject to subsection (5A), a personÓ, and (b) omit ÒknowinglyÓ. (5) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) A person is guilty of an offence under subsection (4) or (5) only ifÑ (a) in the case of a public procession in England and Wales, at the time the person fails to comply with the condition the person knows or ought to know that the condition has been imposed; (b) in the case of a public procession in Scotland, the person knowingly fails to comply with the condition.Ó (6) For subsections (8) to (10) substituteÑ Ò(8) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (4) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) in the case of a public procession in England and Wales, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine not exceeding level 4 on