under paragraph 16 shall submit a report on his investigation to the appropriate authority. (3) A person appointed under paragraph F815... 18 shallÑ (a) submit a report on his investigation to the [F632Director General]; and (b) send a copy of that report to the appropriate authority. (4) In relation to [F816a matter that was formerly a DSI matter but has been recorded as a conduct matter in pursuance of paragraph 21A(5)], the references in sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) of this paragraph to the appropriate authority are references toÑ (a) the appropriate authority in relation to the DSI matter; and (b) (where different) the appropriate authority in relation to the person whose conduct is in question. [F817(5) A person designated under paragraph 19 as the person in charge of an investigation mustÑ (a) submit a report on the investigation to the Director General, or (b) where the person in charge of the investigation is the Director General acting personally, complete a report on the investigation.] (6) A person submitting [F818or, in the case of an investigation under paragraph 19 by the Director General personally, completing] a report under this paragraph shall not be prevented by any obligation of secrecy imposed by any rule of law or otherwise from including all such matters in his report as he thinks fit. [F819(6A) Where a person would contravene section 21A by submitting, or (as the case may be) sending a copy of, a report in its entirety to the appropriate authority under sub- paragraph (2) or (3)(b), the person must instead submit, or send a copy of, the report after having removed or obscured the information which by virtue of section 21A the person must not disclose.] [F820(7) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision requiring a report on an investigation [F821to which paragraph 19A applies]Ñ (a) to include such matters as are specified in the regulations; (b) to be accompanied by such documents or other items as are so specified. (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 219 (8) A person who has submitted [F822or, in the case of an investigation under paragraph 19 by the Director General personally, completed] a report under this paragraph on an investigation [F821to which paragraph 19A applies] must supply the appropriate authority with such copies of further documents or other items in that person's possession as the authority may request [F823except so far as the person is prevented from doing so by section 21A]. (9) The appropriate authority may only