automatic fire warning systems. Summon the fire brigade without delay by the quickest available means. • Only attempt to tackle the fire if is safe to do so and you have been appropriately trained in the use of fire extinguishers • Evacuate the area immediately closing doors and windows behind you • Do not stop to take belongings with you. • Report to the predetermined assembly point. ON FIRE ALARM ACTIVATION (IF YOU HEAR THE ALAR, • Immediately leave the building using the nearest fire exit warning others as you do so • Take control of any visitors/contractors in your company, ensuring they evacuate with you. • DO NOT divert or delay your exit to collect personal belongings • Proceed to the assembly point with any visitors/contractors to be safely accounted for by the Fire Co-ordinator /Marshal • Report to the Fire Co-ordinator at the assembly point informing them if anyone remains in the building and/or is unaccounted for. It is understood that it will not always be possible to account for everybody. • DO NOT re-enter the building unless authorised to do so by the Fire Co-ordinator or Fire Service. SENIOR PERSON PRESENT (if not obvious assume the role yourself) • Assume the role of Fire Co-ordinator • Follow detailed guidance in the Fire Co-ordinator Checklist found in the fire logbook If a fire is discovered, raise the alarm immediately. This should be the first action taken by an individual on discovery of a fire, however small. Wiltshire Police will always support the individual who operated the fire alarm in good faith, regardless of whether it is determined that a fire existed. In the majority of Wiltshire Police premises the alarm can be raised by breaking the break glass point. In the absence of break glass points, (temporary offices and smaller low risk accommodation) the alarm can also be raised by shouting Òfire, fire, fireÓ. The individual must then contact the Fire Emergency Service immediately. It should be noted that NOT all Wiltshire Police fire alarm systems have a direct link to the Control Room. Please refer to local evacuation plans for details. 4.2 Fire Safety Management - Fire Logbooks A Fire Logbook for each premises, will be maintained by the manager with overall responsibility for the building / station. The Fire Logbook must be printed off and contained within the red loose leaf A4 file, located along with a dedicated fire coordinator tabard, at the main fire panel for the building. Fire Logbook must be kept up to date. The contents may be inspected at any time by the Health and Safety Department, Facilities Department, Union Health and Safety Representatives and Fire Authorities. The Fire Logbook will be officially reviewed by the Health and Safety Department as part of the fire risk assessment for the building. The logbook will contain details on the following: • Fire Co-Ordinator Check Sheet • • Fire Risk Assessment. • Quarterly Inspection checklist. • Fire fighting equipment inspection record. • Fire alarm system