annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. A statutory instrument containing an order under sub-paragraph (4) may not be made by the Welsh Ministers unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, the National Assembly for Wales. A statutory instrument containing an order made under sub-paragraph (3) (c) or (6) by the Welsh Ministers is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of the National Assembly for Wales. For the purposes of this paragraph relevant entertainment is provided if, and only if, it is provided, or permitted to be provided, by or on behalf of the organiser. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 25 Part 2 – Sexual offences and sex establishments Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes For the purposes of this Schedule references to the use of any premises as a sexual entertainment venue are to be read as references to their use by the organiser. In this paragraph— “audience” includes an audience of one; “display of nudity” means— in the case of a woman, exposure of her nipples, pubic area, genitals or anus; and in the case of a man, exposure of his pubic area, genitals or anus; “the organiser”, in relation to the provision of relevant entertainment at premises, means any person who is responsible for the organisation or management of— the relevant entertainment; or the premises; “premises” includes any vessel, vehicle or stall but does not include any private dwelling to which the public is not admitted; “relevant national authority” means— in relation to England, the Secretary of State; and in relation to Wales, the Welsh Ministers; and for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (1) and (2) it does not matter whether the financial gain arises directly or indirectly from the performance or display of nudity.” In paragraph 9(1) (duration of licence) after “paragraph 16” insert “ or 27A below ”. In paragraph 12(3) (refusal of licences) for paragraph (c) substitute— “(c) that the number of sex establishments, or of sex establishments of a particular kind, in the relevant locality at the time the application is determined is equal to or exceeds the number which the authority consider is appropriate for that locality;”. In paragraph 13 (power to prescribe standard conditions)— in sub-paragraph (2)(a) after “for” insert “ sexual entertainment venues, ”, in sub-paragraph (2)(b) after “of” insert “ sexual entertainment venues, ”, and in sub-paragraph (3) for paragraph (d) (as originally enacted) substitute— “(d) any change from one kind of sex establishment mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(a) above to another kind of