the end of that period the person asks for the item to be returned, it must be returned (unless there is power to retain it under another enactment). (6) But if it appears to a constable that the person is under the age of 16 and is not accompanied by a parent or other responsible adult, the item may be retained until the person is so accompanied. (7) If the person has not asked for the return of the item before the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the day on which the direction was given, the item may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of. 38 Record-keeping (1) A constable who gives a direction under section 35 must make a record ofÑ (a) the individual to whom the direction is given, (b) the time at which the direction is given, and (c) the terms of the direction (including in particular the area to which it relates and the exclusion period). (2) A constable who withdraws or varies a direction under section 35 must make a record ofÑ (a) the time at which the direction is withdrawn or varied, (b) whether notice of the withdrawal or variation is given to the person to whom the direction was given and if it is, at what time, and (c) if the direction is varied, the terms of the variation. (3) A constable who gives a direction under section 37 must make a record ofÑ (a) the individual to whom the direction is given, (b) the time at which the direction is given, and (c) the item to which the direction relates. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 21 PART 3 Ð Dispersal powers Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 39 Offences (1) A person given a direction under section 35 who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with it commits an offence. (2) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) to imprisonment for a period not exceeding 3 months, or (b) to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale, (3) A person given a direction under section 37 who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with it commits an offence. (4) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (3) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 2 on the standard scale. F340 Powers of community support officers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .