well-being of the girl. 3 https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/female-genital-mutilation-proposal-to-introduce-a-civil- protection-order 23. Under the new provisions an FGMPO might contain such prohibitions, restrictions or other requirements for the purposes of protecting a victim or potential victim of FGM. This could include, for example, provisions to surrender a personÕs passport or any other travel document; and not to enter into any arrangements, in the UK or abroad, for FGM to be performed on the person to be protected. Duty to notify police of female genital mutilation 24. At the Girl Summit, the Prime Minister also announced the GovernmentÕs intention to introduce a mandatory reporting duty for FGM. A consultation on how to introduce the duty ran from 5 December 2014 to 12 January 2015, and the GovernmentÕs response was published on 12 February. The intention is that the new duty will make professionalsÕ responsibilities in respect of FGM absolutely clear, and that it will aid police investigations and support an increase in the number of perpetrators caught and prosecuted. 25. Section 74 inserts new section 5B into the 2003 Act which creates a new mandatory reporting duty requiring specified regulated professionals in England and Wales to make a report to the police. The duty applies where, in the course of their professional duties, a professional discovers that FGM appears to have been carried out on a girl aged under 18 (at the time of the discovery). 26. The duty applies where the professional either: * is informed by the girl that an act of FGM has been carried out on her, or * observes physical signs which appear to show an act of FGM has carried out and has no reason to believe that the act was necessary for the girlÕs physical or mental health or for purposes connected with labour or birth. 27. The duty applies to professionals working within healthcare or social care, and teachers. It therefore covers: * Professionals regulated by a body overseen by the Professional Standards Authority (with the exception of the Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland). This includes doctors, nurses, midwives, and, in England, social workers, * Teachers, * Social care workers in Wales. 28. The duty does not apply where a professional has reason to believe that another individual working in the same profession has previously made a report to the police in connection with the same act of FGM. For these purposes, professionals regulated by a body which belongs to the Professional Standards Authority are considered as belonging to the same profession. 1. Guidance about female genital mutilation 29. Section 75 inserts new section 5C into the 2003 Act which confers on the Secretary of State a power to issue statutory guidance on FGM which relevant individuals are required to have regard to. Other steps being taken to tackle FGM 26. Amending the law is not the only answer to securing additional prosecutions and convictions for FGM nor can it eradicate a practice that has been deeply ingrained in the culture of practising communities. The Government is