are reviewed both nationally and locally and also review any incidents where officers or staff have needed to use equipment. These meetings will be documented, written feedback will be provided to officers who submit incidents or near misses and will ultimately be fed back into Wiltshire Police Occupational Health and Safety Committee chaired by the Chief Constable. 5. Training It is not anticipated that any further training will be needed for staff with existing qualifications such as Paramedic degree. All Officers who are carrying additional equipment and working at a higher skill set will keep up their own mandatory training as set out in the requirements of their role e.g. a doctor must maintain their competence in Advanced Life Support. Other roles such as Police Medics will be subject to mandatory training as directed by Wiltshire Police People Development and College of Policing guidelines. People Development will also in conjunction with departmental managers review teams first aid / medical requirements and where necessary upskill specific groups to a level appropriate to the roles they carry out. 6. Equipment 6.1 Equipment will be initially decided and reviewed by the First Aid Working Group. 1.1 6.1.1 Protective Equipment. This will include nitrile gloves for skin protection, eye protection for protection from any splashes / irritation from chemicals, and face masks to prevent any inhalation injury. 6.1.2 Medical Equipment has to be fit for purpose, and sit within the skill set of the officer. 6.1.3 The NPCC has provided a statement on the supply of medications to officers and it is down to individual forces and governance groups within to decide on what should be issues. However it is noted that there remain concerns over this. 6.2 Equipment as and when used should be replaced as soon as practicable with replacement equipment being issued from Wiltshire Police Supplies, Devizes. 7. Employee responsibilities An employee with additional skill set and wishing to Practice within Wiltshire Police must ensure they: • Protect themselves at all times with personal protective equipment available to them. As a minimum gloves should be worn when approaching or treating a member of the Public • Inform Force Control Room as soon as practical to instigate appropriate response from other agencies e.g. ambulance • Remain in-date and competent with their skill set and level of training • Operate within the policies, protocols and Governance of Wiltshire Police at all times when in work; this should include completing any relevant paperwork relating to the injury / care delivered for the First Aid Working Group to review. 8. Policy Review and Governance Given the infancy of allowing Officers with additional skill sets to carry medical kit operationally this will be reviewed in six monthsÕ time as it is expected incidents / response from other services will have evolved and the Operational capability to respond to incidents may well have changed. There will be quarterly meetings of members of the First Aid Working Group to ensure Compliance with Force Policy, Audit of incidents where