di?cult to solve so get legal advice. You must give notice to your neighbour if you are going to do work on a shared (ÔpartyÕ) wall. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) has free advice on boundary disputes and party walls (the walls you share with your neighbours). Related content Contact the police How to report antisocial behaviour Report a noise nuisance to your council Controlling y our dog in public Your property boundaries A guide to civil mediation Previous Complain about noise to the council Next Call the police View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing and local services Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Resolving neighbour disputes Overview Follow these steps if you have a dispute with your neighbour. This guide is also available in Welsh (Cymraeg). Try to solve the problem informally by talking to them. Related content Contact the police How to report antisocial behaviour Report a noise nuisance to your council Controlling y our dog in public Your property boundaries A guide to civil mediation If your neighbour is a tenant, you could contact their landlord. You could use a mediation service if raising the issue informally does not work. If the dispute involves a statutory nuisance (something like loud music or barking dogs), you can make a complaint to y our local council. Contact the police if your neighbour is breaking the law by being violent or harassing you. As a last resort you can take legal action throug h the courts. Next Talk to your neighbour View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing and local services Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Resolving neighbour disputes Take action through the courts If all else fails, you can take legal action against a neighbour. Taking someone to court can be expensive so it should be your last resort if nothing else works. There may be court fees