subsection (4), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor expedited orderÓ. 298 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Expedited public spaces protection orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 7 (1) Section 62 (premises etc to which alcohol prohibition does not apply) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1), in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor expedited orderÓ. (3) In subsection (2), in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. 8 In section 63 (consumption of alcohol in breach of prohibition order), in subsection (1)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor an expedited orderÓ; (b) in the words after paragraph (b) omit Òpublic spaces protectionÓ. 9 (1) Section 64 (orders restricting public right of way over highway) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1), in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor expedited orderÓ. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) Before making a public spaces protection order that restricts the public right of way over a highway, a local authority must take the prior consultation steps (see subsection (2)). (1B) A local authority may not make an expedited order that restricts the public right of way over a highway unless itÑ (a) takes the prior consultation steps before making the order, or (b) takes the subsequent consultation steps (see subsection (2A)) as soon as reasonably practicable after making the order.Ó (4) In subsection (2), for the words from ÒBeforeÓ to ÒmustÓ substitute ÒTo take the Òprior consultation stepsÓ in relation to an order means toÓ. (5) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) To take the Òsubsequent consultation stepsÓ in relation to an expedited order means toÑ (a) notify potentially affected persons of the order, (b) invite those persons to make representations within a specified period about the terms and effects of the order, (c) inform those persons how they can see a copy of the order, and (d) consider any representations made. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Expedited public spaces protection orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 299 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The definition of