of safety via a safe route (see Evaluation and shelter guidance, HM Government 2013). Any decision to evacuate should be taken based on the safety of the public and emergency responders. An alternative to evacuation is to require people to shelter inside a place of safety, such as a building. A decision to evacuate or shelter should be taken by the tactical coordinating group, based upon assessments made by the fire and rescue service and other specialist advisers. The scientific and technical advice cells (STAC), if convened, may also provide advice. The final decision may rest with the police tactical commander on occasions where a prompt decision is required. Where a large-scale evacuation is being considered, the SCG may be required to make a policy decision on the scale and nature of an evacuation. Family liaison The purpose of police family liaison is to ensure the most effective investigation possible into the death of an individual in a mass fatality incident and potential support to survivors. This will be assisted in an emergency or major incident by the early implementation of a family liaison strategy. The SIM will determine the family liaison strategy in consultation with the senior investigating officer (SIO), to ensure a coordinated approach to the families of any deceased. The strategy should include the criteria for sending family liaison officers (FLOs) to families believed to have lost a relative in the incident. To ensure fair and consistent use according to need, the SIM may appoint a family liaison coordinator (FLC). The FLC will be responsible for the use of FLOs in line with the policy determined by the SIM or SIO. Victims of terrorism unit (VTU) The VTU within the Home Office has been established to coordinate responses to and learning from terror attacks at a government level. The VTU ensures government departments work together to provide coordinated and effective support to victims. As part of this, British citizens affected by terrorist attacks at home or overseas can obtain support from GOV.UK. See Helpline and support: victims of terrorism. This includes information on: where to seek advice and assistance following a terrorist attack official helplines and support services available to victims, survivors, witnesses, family members and all those affected First responders can also obtain support and advice from GOV.UK if they have been affected by a terrorist attack. See Support and advice for first responders: victims of terrorism. Where the VTU responds to an incident, they can communicate with local resilience forums (LRFs). Their work is closely coordinated with the work of the Humanitarian Assistance Steering Group (HASG), in line with the Human aspects in emergency management guidance. Back to Civil contingencies overview Tags Civil emergencies