ACPO Position Statement: How to use DNA/Fingerprints in the Interview. National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) HOW TO USE DNA/FINGERPRINTS IN THE INTERVIEW. Introduction The matter of how investigators and interviewers deal with evidence of a forensic nature, generally fingerprints and DNA identifications, within the investigative interview particularly in respect of moveable objects1 is subject of a project called ODIS (Optimising Detections in Science). This has identified a number of process issues all of which have an impact on the interview itself2. Background There are many examples of effective working practices to maximise forensic detections in forces, particularly where dedicated ÔconverterÕ teams that contain the right mix of people are in place. Research suggests, however, that in other areas interviewers regularly do not plan and prepare sufficiently for the disclosure of forensic material both in interview and in pre-interview briefings with legal advisers. Forces with dedicated converter teams in particular do not have issues around selection of interviewing officers who have the necessary knowledge and expertise to maximise the forensic product in interview. Other areas, particularly those where Investigating Officers from a non-police background are being utilised, report the selection of interviewing officers as being problematic due to insufficient operational experience and training. THE ACPO POSITION In order to ensure the effective use of limited time and resources including the availability of interview rooms in busy custody areas it is essential that whilst recognising each case has its own individual issues a general straightforward approach to dealing with forensic identifications in a timely manner is developed 1 Statistics on the current national situation in the UK regarding forensic identifications have identified that 25% related to people who had legitimate access, 18% were marks found on moveable objects and 13% of identifications were not actioned. 2 The wider processes regarding the actioning and tracking of forensic identification packages are a separate issue that is not within the scope of this document. and trained at the volume and priority investigationsÕ level (PIP level 1) for junior investigators. To begin with, the content and the quality of the information and packages that are supplied to officers should be to a minimum standard that is sufficient to maximise the product in the interview. For example, the information should contain enough detail regarding the exact location of the fingerprint/DNA identification, including the angle of any mark, it should indicate which finger the print came from, and should provide an interpretation from an expert explaining matters such as inverted marks found at scenes including photographic entirety shots. All of this information is essential to an interviewing officer to effectively challenge a suspectÕs account if necessary. With regard to the interview itself, during the planning and preparation phase consideration should be given to the witness strategy particularly with regard to legitimate access to premises and marks found on moveable objects. This information from witnesses may be very important to the suspect interview and should be obtained prior to arrest. Bad character in the form of the