frameworks key to providing a response, and the commissioning of domestic abuse services. It also signposts frontline professionals and wider organisations to other relevant resources relating to domestic abuse. Convey standards and promote best practice for agency and multi-agency response. There is a significant amount of work underway to improve the response of frontline staff to domestic abuse for all agencies, and to promote multi-agency responses and best practices. Tackling domestic abuse requires a whole system approach. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 2 – Understanding Domestic Abuse Background Domestic abuse is a high harm, high volume crime that remains largely hidden. The Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW)4 for the year ending March 2020 estimated that 2.3 million adults aged 16 to 74 had experienced domestic abuse in the previous year.5 Childhood Local Data on Risks and Needs estimated that, between 2019 and 2020, approximately 1 in 15 children under the age of 17 live in households where a parent is a victim of domestic abuse.6 The police recorded over 1.5 million domestic abuse related incidents and crimes in England and Wales in the year ending March 2021.7 This is an increase of 6% from the previous year. Domestic abuse related incidents cover reports where, after initial investigation, the police have concluded that no notifiable crime was committed. Domestic abuse related crimes are defined as any incidence of threatening behaviour, violence or abuse (psychological, physical, sexual, financial, or emotional) towards another “personally connected” person, where it has been identified that an offence has taken place. While domestic abuse is not itself a specific criminal offence, criminal offences may be committed by perpetrators. Related offences could include but are not limited to 4 The Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) is a nationally representative face-to-face victimisation survey, in which people resident in households in England and Wales are asked about their experiences of a range of crimes in the 12 months prior to the interview. This includes self-completion modules on certain topics, including domestic abuse. 5 ONS. Domestic abuse in England and Wales overview - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk). Data year ending March 2020. 6 Children’s Commissioner. CHILDRN – Local and national data on childhood vulnerability. Data from 2017 to 2019. 7 ONS. Domestic abuse in England and Wales overview - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk). Data year ending March 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance controlling or coercive behaviour8, harassment, stalking, criminal damage, physical assault, sexual assault, rape and murder. Anyone can be affected by domestic abuse – regardless of age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender reassignment, race, religion or belief. In addition, domestic abuse can manifest itself in different ways within different communities. Whilst both men and women can be affected by domestic abuse, females are disproportionately the victims. The latest CSEW data for the year ending March 2020 estimates that 1.6 million females and 757,000 males aged 16 to 74 experienced domestic abuse in the previous year.9 According to this