for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) not to become such a member of staff if the person gives notice objecting to the operation of the scheme in relation to the person. (2) A person who would (but for this sub-paragraph) be treated as being dismissed by the operation of a transfer scheme (whether by an enactment or otherwise) is to be treated as not being so dismissed. (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not apply to a person who, by virtue of sub-paragraph (1), does not become a member of staff. Property, rights and liabilities etc 17 (1) A transfer scheme may provide for the transfer of property, rights and liabilities of the new policing body to the chief officer. (2) The scheme mayÑ (a) create rights or interests, or impose liabilities, in relation to property, rights and liabilities transferred by virtue of the scheme or retained by the transferor under the scheme or create rights or liabilities as between the transferor and transferee under the scheme, and (b) apportion property, rights and liabilities between the new policing body and the chief officer. Supplementary 18 (1) A transfer scheme may contain further provision in connection with any of the matters to which paragraphs 13 to 17 relate. (2) A transfer scheme may contain incidental, consequential, supplemental, transitional and saving provision. (3) A transfer scheme may confer functions on any person (including the Secretary of State). 19 (1) A transfer scheme may contain provisionÑ 1 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 245 (a) for the Secretary of State, or any other person nominated by or in accordance with the scheme, to determine any matter requiring determination under or in consequence of the scheme, and (b) as to the payment of fees charged, or expenses incurred, by any person nominated to determine any matter by virtue of sub-paragraph (a). PART 4 OTHER TRANSITIONAL PROVISION Politically restricted posts 20 (1) This paragraph applies to a person if by virtue of a transfer scheme, the personÑ (a) ceases to be a member of the staff of an existing police authority, and (b) becomes a member of the staff of a new policing body. (2) Section 1 of the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 (politically restricted posts) does not apply to the person for as long as the personÑ (a) continues to be a member of the staff of the new policing body, and (b) carries out duties which are the same, or substantially the same, as the duties the person carried out as a member of the staff of the existing police authority. Continuity 21 (1) The abolition of an existing police authority, the transfer or abolition