of important e-mails, particularly those containing personal data; • Wherever possible check e-mail accounts each working day; • Reply promptly to e-mail messages requiring a response. Where prompt response is not practicable, an acknowledgement should be sent; • When sending emails, authors should be mindful that the content of their email is consistent with the Standards of Professional Behaviour. Specifically they must demonstrate respect and courtesy towards the public and colleagues and they must treat all information with respect and disclose it only in the proper course of police duties; • The sending of whole force email must be approved by an authorised person • Be mindful of the lines between professional and private/personal matters and the importance of keeping these separate; • Remember that emails are records and any content containing personal opinion should be professional. Emails can be retrieved and discussed and you could be identified as the author of said opinion; • When on annual leave or away from the office for a substantial period, the ÒOut of Office Assistant? should be activated. OOO messages should be succinct and should not include information detailing the reason for physical absence, duration of absence, your job title, contact information or detailed alternative contact information. Consider having one message for internal use and one for external use (see Mailbox Management Procedure). • It is not acceptable to send emails to personal email accounts or home computers that relate to Wiltshire Police the OPCC or criminal investigations. The use of Wiltshire Police email and social media accounts should be for work purposes only; • Regularly weed e-mail folders to ensure messages and attachments are retained no longer than necessary in line with the Mailbox Management Procedure; • Ensure outgoing e-mail is accurately addressed; • Unless authorised, software must not be downloaded and you must not access or use on-line computer games; • You must not download or copy material in breach of copyright licensing; • You must not seek, retrieve, display or download data in any format which is indecent, offensive, subversive, illegal or otherwise inappropriate and inconsistent with Force Professional Standards; • It is not acceptable to register Force email addresses or telephone numbers with commercial websites for personal purposes; • You must not transmit unencrypted information classified Official-Sensitive or above over the Internet, unless in line with the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) and the ForceÕs Information Management Policy; • Excessive personal use of Internet browsing or email messaging facilities is not permitted. (To be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use). • The above points relating to e-mail are also applicable to mobile applications and SMS messaging. Mobile applications must not be used to communicate Police/OPCC information unless these have been approved by the ICT Department. When using Social Networking Sites (either for personal or Police/OPCC business use) the Standards of Professional Behaviour for Police Officers and Police Staff should be taken into consideration. Advice and Guidance on the use of Social Networking