for the past 7 years, Lauren has enthusiastically worked to undertake and promote Evidence Based Policing research. Lauren is currently submitting her PhD thesis surrounding the nature of gang related gun crime in Preston, Lancashire; assessing the complexities of the issue, profiling the individuals involved and working towards more effective preventative measures for the future. With the intention for the project having real world impact, she has collaborated with various organisations throughout the PhD, including Lancashire Constabulary and Lancashire Probation Service, to implement projects designed to assist in deterring such types of crime. David Brian Dave is a Lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire (UCLan). Dave was a police officer for 30years reaching the Rank of Detective Superintendent. He now lectures on MasterÕs Degree programmes at UCLAN and as an invited speaker at other universities. Dave is currently studying for a Professional Doctorate in Elite Performance and is a researcher in the field of policing and acts a supervisor to a number of Phd students undertaking research into multi agency working, domestic abuse, the protection of vulnerable people and early action, sexual consent and public engagement with police services. Ian Dawson Ian is a Temporary Superintendent in Lancashire Constabulary. He has been a Police Officer for 23 years and developed the ConstabularyÕs approach to Evidence Based Policing which over the last 5 years has developed and delivered over 40 research projects, the majority of which have been in partnership with UCLan. As Head of Corporate Development and Futures Ian now leads on Evidence Based Policing for the Constabulary. The Constabulary also collaborates as part of Consortiums with Liverpool University, the N8 group of Universities and the Open University and has supported funding awards in excess of £6 million for Policing research. Ian has also acquired European Union funding for Domestic Abuse victim research. He is currently studying for a M.St. in Criminology and Police Management at Cambridge University Abstract Purpose Ð The purpose of this research paper is to identify and understand the demand profile of a division of Lancashire Police Constabulary in order to assist Police administrators in the evaluation of demand and understanding of Policing response. Design/methodology/approach Ð Police data records regarding all offences within the Central Division of Lancashire Police Constabulary over the year of 2013 were examined. Descriptive statistics were used to identify the top ten demand addresses in five categories (residential, statutory bodies, retail, nightlife, and young peopleÕs services), and the incident classifications, time frames and response codes that were most associated with these addresses. Further content analysis was conducted on the top ten residential addresses in order to identify specific characteristics of residential demand. Findings - The majority of Lancashire Constabulary resources are being spent dealing with non-traditional police demand. The most demanding residents were found to have one or more of the following properties; (i) to be of white Ð Northern European origin, (ii) to be unemployed, (iii) to be associated with mental health issues, domestic violence incidents or substance abuse, and