purposes of an educational course scheme established by that officer); allowing A to request an extension of the time to do the things mentioned in subsection (8)(b)(i) to (iii) (including provision as to who should determine such a request and on what basis); as to the procedure to be followed in relation to requests for extensions of time (including provision allowing the procedure to be determined by a chief officer of police for the purposes of an educational course scheme established by that officer); as to the consequences of a request for an extension of time being granted (including provision specifying circumstances in which a chief officer of police may require a course fee to be paid again in order to avoid a sum being registered for enforcement as a fine under section 8); as to the consequences of A failing to attend a course that A has arranged to attend (including provision as to who should determine what those consequences are and on what basis); specifying circumstances in which A is, for the purposes of this Chapter, to be regarded as having completed, or having not completed, an approved educational course (including provision as to who should determine whether those circumstances have arisen and how that should be determined). Regulations made under subsection (9)(b), (e) or (f) may permit a person to delegate the function of making a determination.] General restriction on proceedings Proceedings for the offence to which a penalty notice relates may not be brought [F45during] the period of 21 days beginning with the date on which the notice was given (“the suspended enforcement period”). Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 11 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 1 – On the Spot Penalties for Disorderly Behaviour Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes If the penalty is paid before the end of the suspended enforcement period, no proceedings may be brought for the offence. [F46(2A) Proceedings for an offence to which a penalty notice with an education option relates may not be brought against a person who has, by the end of the suspended enforcement period, asked to attend an approved educational course relating to the offence, unless section 4(8) applies. (2B) If the person to whom a penalty notice with an education option is given— completes, in accordance with regulations made under section 4(9), an approved educational course relating to the offence to which the notice relates, and pays the course fee in accordance with those regulations, no proceedings may be brought for the offence.] Subsection (1) does not apply if the person to whom the penalty notice was given