aged 14 to 17, the applicant must comply with any directions given to them under the terms of the court order relating to service in the presence of a responsible adult/appropriate adult. An appropriate adult, for example, may be a parent, guardian, local authority social worker, someone from a voluntary organisation or some other responsible adult aged 18 or over who is not a police officer or employed by the police. Normal YOT arrangements to provide appropriate adults for young people in police custody should apply. YOT arrangements to provide appropriate adults for young people in police custody, already exist. Consideration should be given at the consultation stage to determine whether these services can be used to support the serving of an injunction to a young person. 36 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 10.2. Inputting information into the Police National Computer (PNC) The recording of injunctions on the PNC will assist police forces in enforcing breaches effectively. After an injunction has been issued by a court, the relevant police force (either as the injunction applicant or on behalf of a local authority applicant) should input the injunction on the Wanted/Missing page of the PNC as a ÔGang Related Violence InjunctionÕ. If the applicant is a local authority, they should ensure that the relevant police force is notified with this information as soon as possible after the injunction is issued. Applicants can assist by ensuring copies of court orders are provided to the police without delay. It is vital that information is correctly entered and kept up- to-date, particularly when a power of arrest is attached to some but not all of the conditions of the injunction. Guidance on entering details of an injunction into PNC can be found in the PNC handbook, available from PNC liaison officers. Applicants should be aware that a respondentÕs record of being subject to a gang injunction may be disclosed under certain circumstances. An enhanced criminal record certificate issued by the Disclosure and Barring Service could disclose this information if the local police force considered it relevant to the purpose of an application for a criminal records check, and appropriate for the employer to know. 37 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 11. Variation, discharge and review of injunctions The 2009 Act contains provisions for the variation, discharge and review of injunctions.28 The court has the power to vary or discharge an injunction at a review hearing, or upon application by either the respondent or the applicant. The applicant should keep the injunction under active review, and update the case file accordingly, so as to allow applications for variation or discharge to be made effectively. The injunction applicant should notify the people and organisations they consulted as part of the application process. If the court orders a variation or discharge of an injunction, the applicant should immediately inform their police and local authority partners and deliver a copy of this order to them. If