of their identity and present the certificate which has been already completed with the details of the firearm. The purchaser must notify the transfer to his chief officer of police within 7 days and the RFD who handed the gun over will record the transfer in both the ÒInÓ and ÒOutÓ sections of his Register. 15.28 The RFD network can also assist in the delivery of the firearm where a certificate holder wishes to sell to another certificate holder. The procedure is similar but in the first instance the onus is on the seller to see and check the purchaserÕs certificate, fill in the necessary details before returning it and to notify his chief officer of police within 7 days of the sale. Having received payment, the seller takes the gun to an RFD who has agreed to arrange the transfer to a second dealer nominated by the purchaser to act on their behalf in effecting a face-to face transfer. The entry in the register only needs to reflect the temporary holding of the firearm: ÒFOR TRANSFER: destination Mr ..xxx.. and forwarded to RFD xxx for collectionÓ. The RFD arranging the transfer should obtain a copy of the second dealerÕs certificate of registration. On receipt of the firearm/shotgun, that dealer will contact the purchaser who will arrange to collect the gun in person, producing his completed certificate and proof of identity as above. The purchaser must notify the transfer to his chief officer of police within 7 days. The second dealer will record the transfer in both the ÒInÓ and ÒOutÓ sections of his Register. In these circumstances neither RFD is involved in filling in the certificate or notifying the police. Servants 15.29 Section 8 of the 1968 Act mentions servants but there is no definition contained within the firearms legislation as to what constitutes Òa servantÓ. The term has been interpreted differently by the courts in connection with a number of different pieces of legislation. 15.30 Until such times as the situation can be resolved by a change to the primary legislation, the common dictionary meaning of Òa person employed to work for 139 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law anotherÓ should be used. In using this definition it is accepted that in some instances a ÒservantÓ will not receive actual ÒpaymentÓ for their employment. 15.31 When transporting firearms and ammunition the servant should at all times carry a copy of their letter of authority together with a copy of the dealerÕs certificate of registration. The notice does not of itself have legal status, and whether a person is acting as a dealerÕs servant at the material time is a matter of fact and degree. 15.32 Where a servant is under the age of 18, the provisions of section 22 of the Firearms Act 1968 on acquisition and possession of firearms by minors will apply. Section 5 authorities 15.33 This authority allows dealers to possess, purchase or acquire, manufacture, sell or transfer prohibited weapons and prohibited ammunition as defined by