suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW The Counter-Corruption Unit will maintain data in relation to members of Wiltshire Police and individualÕs subject of this policy and associated procedure. This will be treated confidentially, stored securely in line with the Data Protection Act 2018/General Data Protection Regulations and Data Protection Policy and will not be available on the Force wide system. Feedback on the content of the policy from policy users, will be used to monitor the efficiency and effectiveness of the policy and associated procedure. This Policy and Procedure is owned by the Professional Standards Department. The Head of the Professional Standards Department will ensure that this policy is reviewed every two years. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY AND PROCEDURE Professional Standards are responsible for this policy. Contact can be made with the department by the following means Ð Email: ProfStand@wiltshire.police.uk Table of Contents NOTIFIABLE ASSOCIATION PROCEDURE 1. AIM OF PROCEDURE This procedure is a preventative and supportive measure for all members of Wiltshire Police and places an obligation on all staff to question the appropriateness of relationships with certain defined individuals, groups or organisations that MAY be perceived to compromise the individual staff memberÕs integrity, impact on operational effectiveness or otherwise damage the reputation of Wiltshire Police. Wiltshire Police relies on the honesty and integrity of its staff. As public servants, all members of Wiltshire Police are expected to observe the highest standards of professional conduct, in both their private lives and their employment. The community must have trust and confidence in Wiltshire Police to conduct its duties and execute its powers fairly and impartially without the pressures of external influence or bias and to protect the most vulnerable in our society. The Notifiable Association Policy underpins Wiltshire PoliceÕs commitment to the Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Behaviour which clearly define the high standards expected by the public of the whole police family. There is a mandatory obligation to declare any personal relationships with a member of the public that develops as a result of initial contact made during the course of operational policing (or any other work conducted on behalf of Wiltshire Police), that could be perceived as an abuse of position or effect impartiality. Staff should disclose any such relationships to their manager or CCU without delay so that an assessment can take place. In practice, the vast majority of staff behave with complete integrity; however, it is recognised that there is a risk of some members of Wiltshire Police associating with inappropriate persons, groups or organisations or initiating or encouraging inappropriate relationships with vulnerable individuals. It is important that everyone understands the policy and procedure to protect members of the public and ensure that no doubt is cast on the integrity of the individual or Wiltshire Police. 2. EXPLANATION OF AN ASSOCIATION REQUIRING DECLARATION Only associations where you have a personal relationship with an individual or group require declaration. This would include a person you are related to, a person you would