for a sexual risk order to be made. (3) A chief officer of police may make an application under subsection (1) only in respect of a personÑ (a) who resides in the chief officer's police area, or (b) who the chief officer believes is in that area or is intending to come to it. (4) An application under subsection (1) may be made to any magistrates' court acting for a local justice area that includesÑ (a) any part of a relevant police area, or (b) any place where it is alleged that the person acted in a way mentioned in subsection (2). (5) The Director General must as soon as practicable notify the chief officer of police for a relevant police area of any application that the Director has made under subsection (1). (6) On an application under subsection (1), the court may make a sexual risk order if it is satisfied that the defendant has, whether before or after the commencement of this Part, done an act of a sexual nature as a result of which it is necessary to make such an order for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (7) Such an orderÑ (a) prohibits the defendant from doing anything described in the order; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 199 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) has effect for a fixed period (not less than 2 years) specified in the order or until further order. (8) A sexual risk order may specify different periods for different prohibitions. (9) The only prohibitions that may be imposed are those necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (10) Where a court makes a sexual risk order in relation to a person who is already subject to such an order (whether made by that court or another), the earlier order ceases to have effect. Section 122A: interpretation 122B(1) In section 122AÑ ÒchildÓ means a person under 18; ÒharmÓ from the defendant means physical or psychological harm caused by the defendant doing an act