stood firm and had signified to them (if not in words then in their being) that it was 6 o’clock and all was well. Obviously, the above is an exaggeration of both scenarios. The political reasons for the origin of the Bobbies and their initial remits are of continuing debate (Brogden 1987, Styles 1987). But what is certainly clear is that all members of the ‘community’ did not openly embrace them (Rawlings 2001). In addition, Peel never intended for his police constables to engage with the community as partners in crime control (Tilley 2003). The constables were to patrol, checking doors and windows, and by their mere presence would deter thieves and other criminals (Emsley 2003). Thus this model is really a rather passive and reactive one (Manning 1997), which focused police attention on street crime and on the poorer sections of society for the origin of that crime. However, one could be forgiven for overlooking these points, considering the way politicians and policy makers seem to view this period in history as being policing in its ‘purest’ and ideal form. While the description above of the 20th century may also be an exaggeration, there was indeed a ‘crisis’ of confidence in policing in the latter half (Wright 2002). The police in England and Wales moved from the old foot patrol beat system to a motorised patrol system in the 1960s. This enabled the officers to patrol larger geographical areas and provide a fast response to calls coming over their new personal radios. It was argued that this would improve police-community relations, but in fact the opposite happened (Newburn 2003). In addition to mobility and speed, the police acquired other new technologies in the subsequent years: computer assisted dispatching, the centralised emergency telephone numbers (999 in the UK, 911 in the US) and other developments which, when combined with motorised patrol, resulted in a policing system which prioritised action and fast response to community engagement and service (Manning 1992, Newburn 2003). Despite the new technological advances, the police were still not able to exert much of an influence on the crime rate and were felt to be too distant from the people they served. Minority ethnic people in particular can have very problematic relationships with the police, as they frequently come under the police gaze as objects of suspicion rather than of protection. Something needed to change, and Peel, his Bobbies and nostalgia combined to provide a Golden Age of policing; long lost, but perhaps not irretrievable (Brogden and Nijhar 2005). The fact that the ‘community as partner’ was not a factor in Peel’s vision is quietly neglected here. Thus we now find ourselves in the age of Community Orientated Policing. This, along with Neighbourhood Policing (in the UK), Intelligence-Led Policing, Zero Tolerance Policing and Problem Orientated Policing, make up a large proportion of the current police response to crime problems. Some of these are more prevalent in the UK or in North America, but all will be discussed here