When free legal advice is limited to telephone advice from CDS Direct you can still speak to a solicitor of your choice on the telephone if you want to, but they would not be paid for by legal aid and may ask you to pay them. The DSCC will contact your own solicitor on your behalf. • You are entitled to speak in private with your chosen solicitor on the telephone or they may decide to come to see you at the police station. • If a solicitor of your choice cannot be contacted, the police can still call the DSCC to arrange free legal advice from the Duty Solicitor. 2. Telling someone that you are at the police station • You can ask the police to contact someone who needs to know that you are at the police station. This is free. • They will contact someone for you as soon as they can. 3. Looking at the Codes of Practice • The Codes of Practice are rules which will tell you what the police can and cannot do while you are at the police station. They include details of the rights summarised in this Notice. • The police will let you read the Codes of Practice, but you cannot do this if it holds up the police finding out if you have broken the law. • If you want to read the Codes of Practice, tell the Police Custody Officer. 4. Getting medical help if you are unwell or injured • Tell the police if you feel ill or need medicine or have an injury. They will call a doctor or nurse or other healthcare professional and it is free. • You may be allowed to take your own medicine, but the police will have to check first. A nurse will usually see you first, but the police will send for a doctor if you need one. You can ask to see another doctor, but you may have to pay for this. • 5. Right to remain silent If you are asked questions about the suspected offence, you do not have to say anything. However, it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. 6. Knowing about the offence you are suspected of committing and knowing why you have been arrested and detained • The police must tell you about the nature of the offence they think you have committed. This includes when and where they think it was committed. • The police must tell you why they think you committed the offence and why they believe they needed to arrest you. • At the police station, the police must tell you why they believe you need to be detained. • Before you are asked any questions about any offence, the police must give you and your solicitor enough information about what the police think you have done