Mark Hadden 2 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Contents Foreword from the Prime Minister 4 Foreword from the Secretary of State 6 Executive Summary 8 Chapter 1: To be safe in your home 14 Chapter 2: To know how your landlord is performing 20 Chapter 3: To have your complaints dealt with promptly and fairly 26 Chapter 4: To be treated with respect, backed by a strong consumer regulator for tenants 34 Chapter 5: To have your voice heard by your landlord 46 Chapter 6: To have a good quality home and neighbourhood to live in 52 Chapter 7: To be supported to take your first step to ownership 64 Glossary 72 Annex A: Key measures for changing the regulatory regime for social housing 74 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 3 Foreword from the Prime Minister As a cub reporter in the 1980s, I was once despatched to a Wolverhampton council estate to call on a young family who had written in about the damp in their flat. And what struck me most when I arrived wasnÕt the condensation streaming down the windows like a waterfall or the black spores of mould metastasising across the walls or even the rasping cough of the small baby, which seemed to get worse even in the short time I was there. It was the miserable despair of the father, a man utterly bereft of hope at the problem ever being sorted out. HeÕd complained to the housing office, heÕd complained to his local councillor, heÕd complained to anyone who would listen and many who wouldnÕt, but nobody seemed to care, nobody seemed willing or able to do anything about it. And while that scene unfolded more than 30 years ago, the culture and attitude that allowed it to happen Ð the idea that social tenants are less worthy of respect or can be ignored when their views are inconvenient Ð remains all too prevalent today. Although the exhaustive independent inquiry into the causes of the Grenfell tragedy will not report its final findings for some time yet, it is already clear that the people who called Grenfell Tower home were, like that Wolverhampton father, no strangers to their voices going unheard. If there were only a handful of social tenants in this country it would be a matter of grave concern. 4 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper In a nation where many millions rely on their local council or a housing association to help keep a roof over their head Ð and in the UK the social rented sector makes up a greater share of housing stock than in most other major economies Ð it is nothing short of a scandal. And itÕs one this government is going to deal with. The proposals in this White Paper will make clear the standards that every social tenant in England is entitled to expect from their landlords.