members of the panel. (a) 184 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) In complying with sub-paragraph (3), the Secretary of State must secureÑ (a) that the number of nominations which the nominating authority or authorities are asked to make (when taken together) is equal to the appropriate number; and (b) that (as far as is reasonably practicable) the fair representation objective is met. (5) The Òfair representation objectiveÓ referred to in sub-paragraph (4)(b) isÑ (a) in the case of a police area which covers ten or more local authorities, the objective that each relevant local authority has only one of its councillors as a member of the panel; (b) in the case of a police area which covers nine or fewer local authorities, the objective that each relevant local authority has at least one of its councillors as a member of the panel. (6) In this paragraphÑ Òappropriate numberÓ means the number that is equal to the difference betweenÑ (a) the full complement; and (b) the number of appointed members of the panel; Òfull complementÓ means the number of appointed members which the panel is to have by virtue of paragraph 13(1)(a). Wales: consequences of Secretary of State asking local authorities to make nominations 16 (1) This paragraph applies if, under paragraph 15, the Secretary of State asks a relevant local authority to nominate a councillor to be a member of a Welsh police and crime panel. (2) The authority may make the nomination. (3) If the authority makes the nomination, and the nominee accepts the nomination, the Secretary of State must appoint the nominated councillor as a member of the police and crime panel. (4) If the authority fails to make the nomination, or the nominee does not accept the nomination, the Secretary of State must eitherÑ (a) ask the authority to make another nomination (and sub-paragraph (2), and sub-paragraph (3) or this sub-paragraph, apply accordingly, as if the request were made under paragraph 15); or (b) nominate a person who is a councillor of a relevant local authority to be a member of the police and crime panel. (5) If the nominee accepts a nomination made under sub-paragraph (4)(b), the Secretary of State must appoint the nominated councillor as a member of the panel. (6) If the nominee does not accept the nomination, the Secretary of State must nominate another person who is a councillor of a relevant local authority to be a member (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police