the DBS Disclosure should be no more than four months old at the time of application. The DBS has introduced an update service, which allows people (if they choose to subscribe to it and pay a small fee) to apply for a criminal record check to refresh their existing certificate, with employers checking online to see if it is still up to date. This avoids having to go through the full clearance process again. Armed guards who cease to be employed by the PMSC 28.11 If an armed guard ceases to be employed (including as a sub contractor) by the PMSC once the section 5 authority is in place the Home Office must be informed immediately. Failure to do so will be a breach of the conditions of the section 5 authority and such a breach may result in revocation of the authority. If the PMSC wishes to employ new guards during this period they must provide the Home Office with each guardﾃ不 full details, and this may include a DBS certificate, so that the relevant checks can be carried out. The guard cannot be in possession of firearms until the PMSC is notified by the Home Office that the companyﾃ不 section 5 conditions have been amended accordingly. 205 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Armed guards employed by a second PMSC 28.12 A process has been introduced whereby one PMSC can utilise the services of another PMSCﾃ不 guards. This has been agreed on the basis that the Home Office is notified by the requesting PMSC, and provided that the guard is authorised by the Home Office and the parent PMSC still retains their services and provides confirmation by email or letter of this fact. Before proceeding, the requesting PMSC must receive confirmation from the Home Office that the arrangement is acceptable. If the requesting PMSC has obtained registered firearms dealer status there is no requirement for each guard to hold a firearm certificate in their own right. Non-UK PMSCs or armed guards 28.13 PMSCs from other countries, or those wishing to use non-UK guards, may apply for section 5 authorisation only if the guards will be protecting UK vessels. The application process is similar to that for UK nationals. However, for a non-UK PMSC details will be required to show that the company is an accredited company and is registered with, or is a member of, the maritime and defence industry associations in the country of origin. Details will also be required for the companyﾃ不 proposed named authority holder, who will be held accountable for any breaches and for the non-UK guards. A form will be provided, to be completed and returned to the Home Office for forwarding on to the UK Central Authority for the Exchange of Criminal Records checks (UKCA-ECR). If these checks cannot be completed, or the evidence is insufficient to make a decision based on ensuring public safety, then the application is likely to be refused. Types of firearms: section 1, section 2 and section 5