marriages, being unregistered marriages that are conducted in accordance with the rites of a particular religion but without legal status, can be used by perpetrators to: Actively discourage or prevent the marriage being registered in English and Welsh law ensuring that victims are denied their legal rights and protection in the event of a breakdown in the marriage. Many women are unaware that their marriage does not have legal status because they are coerced or deceived into thinking their marriage is legal. This along with an insecure immigration status of the victim can act as a powerful tool for coercion and control. Coerce or trick women into being part of a polygamous marriage where the husband believes he can have more than one wife at the same time. A perpetrator may coerce a victim to enter into a marriage, through the use of faith or in the context of values held within a religious community, and young people can be at increased risk of pressure to marry. Although this may be on the grounds of purported religious motivations, no major faith condones forced marriage. Some beliefs or practices within traditions may be misappropriated or exploited. For further information see the 'Forced Marriage' section. A form of domestic abuse may include the withholding of a religious divorce, as a means to control and intimidate victims. This can be present in different forms under different faiths. In some cases, it will be accompanied by other manifestations of abuse within the marriage. Abuse relating to faith can amount to psychological or emotional abuse and to coercive or controlling behaviour. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance In Judaism this concerns the Get41 and instances whereby a recalcitrant husband may refuse to give his wife a Jewish bill of divorce (or a wife may unreasonably refuse to accept a Jewish bill of divorce). The ability to refuse to give a Get has been recognised as a specific issue providing abusive husbands with power and control and will sometimes be used to exert leverage in relation to other aspects of the divorce. The refusal will have a significant impact on the wife’s wider living conditions: she will often be severely restricted in her social and personal life.42 It affects her ability to re-marry and directly affects the status of any children she may have in the future. In such cases, women are able to consult at the earliest opportunity their Beth Din on the matter of issuing the Get. Batei Din, as religious court authorities, are able to advise couples on the position in Jewish law for dissolution of the religious marriage. In Islam this can involve a husband refusing to grant his wife a religious divorce, talaq,43 which is the annulment of a nikkah,44 as a way of prolonging the process of divorce. The threat of talaq being uttered and the arbitrary use of this by perpetrators may also be cited by some victims. Whilst Islamic law enables women to obtain a religious divorce of