the meantime, you are advised to mark using methods currently accepted by the UK Proof Houses. 27.18 The following are exempt from the additional marking requirements set out in the OGIL: • Firearms imported for the use of the UK military or police. • Firearms of ÒhistoricalÓ importance which in the UK will be all firearms manufactured before 1 September 1939 regardless of where imported from. • Air weapons (that is to say, air guns, air rifles or air pistols including air weapons designed for use only when submerged in water and, in the case of Great Britain, air weapons powered by compressed carbon dioxide) and ammunition for air weapons. Deactivated Firearms 27.19 An import licence is required for the import into the UK of a deactivated firearm. There is an exemption from the need for an import licence for deactivated firearms manufactured on or before 31 December 1899. An import licence will be required for each shipment. The only acceptable proof that a firearm is deactivated is a UK Deactivation Certificate. No other Deactivation Certificate will be accepted. 27.20 Re-enactors will be able to apply for a three year import licence provided you have a UK Certificate of deactivation which confirms deactivation to current standards and are a member of a re-enactment society when you attend the overseas re- enactment event. 27.21 Applications for deactivated firearms import licences can be made to DIT online. Guidance on registering and applying can be found on the front screen. If you are in any doubt or require further clarification on the need for an import licence, please email us at enquiries.ilb@trade.gov.uk. Northern Ireland Protocol 27.22 The provisions of the Northern Ireland Protocol mean that Council Regulation (EU) 258/2012 and Council Directive (2021/555), and all other council directives, continue to apply in Northern Ireland. 201 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Exports from Great Britain to the Rest of the World, and from Northern Ireland to non-EU countries 27.23 Firearms, shot guns, component parts for firearms or shot guns, and ammunition are subject to export control and in general require a licence for export to any destination. 27.24 Export licences are not usually required in the following circumstance. Holders of valid firearm or shot gun certificates or visitorsÕ firearm or shot gun permits may take abroad with them, or have sent, as part of their personal effects, without an export licence, any firearms, shot guns or related ammunition entered on the certificates if the certificates are presented by the holder, or their duly authorised agent, with the firearms and ammunition to the officer of the Border Force at the place of exportation. The exception also includes telescopic sights. 27.25 From time to time this exemption will not apply to firearms consigned to certain destinations. Further details on the UK export control licensing system, including guidance on the export of firearms, may be obtained from the gov.uk website prior to export. 27.26 Applications for export licences must be made to DIT via the SPIRE system