If a Student OfficerÕs attendance reaches the force threshold or in the event of attendance concerns, a meeting should be held with a representative from the HR team, OHU, SOAT Trainer, the Apprenticeship Consultant and the Student OfficerÕs Sergeant and/or Inspector. Where concerns exist regarding an individualÕs attendance, decisions should not be made until Occupational Health advice has been obtained and consideration given to any underlying medical condition and potential disability. 10.2 Should either the tutor or the Sergeant have concerns in regards to the SOÕs attendance, these should be addressed with the SO informally in order to identify issues. An informal support plan should be put in place with the SO and regular reviews should be conducted and recorded to reflect improvements or deterioration. A 3 month period of assessment will normally be sufficient time but may be extended dependent on nature of issues. 10.3 Following informal support, should the requirements of the support plan not be met, or if there is continued unsatisfactory attendance following the conclusion of the informal assessment period, a Formal Attendance Review Meeting should be convened. As with the Performance Review Meeting, this should be chaired by the Inspector and may involve input from relevant parties as well as the Tutor and Sergeant. At this point, the Apprenticeship Consultant should be informed. In the interests of openness and fairness the Student Officer and their federation representative or Police Officer friend will be given copies of any documentation and a copy of this policy at least 5 days in advance of the Attendance Review Meeting in order that they can have a proper opportunity to consider their response. 10.4 The purpose of such a meeting will be to openly discuss the Student OfficerÕs attendance record (this may include their wider performance if appropriate) and to establish all the facts and to come to a fully informed decision as to the recommendations considering the Force visions and values. 10.5 At the end of the Attendance Review Meeting there are three possible outcomes: a. No Further Action b. Support Plan(s) with Reg 13 notice giving clear guidance on areas for improvement a. c. A report recommending dismissal under Reg. 13 Police Regulations 2003 (exceptional cases only) 10.6 Where all necessary informal support has been put in place and the requirements of support plans and/or Regulation 13 notices have not resulted in the required progress (or if there has in fact been a deterioration in attendance), the Sergeant may inform the SO that they will be recommending their services be dispensed with under Regulation 13 and the required notice under regulations (Regulation 13 Police Regulations 2003) shall be signed by the Inspector and served on the Student Officer. 10.7 If the Sergeant considers at any time during the probationary period that a Student Officer is not fit physically or mentally to perform the duties of the office, or they are not likely to become an efficient or well-conducted Constable, they may recommend that the Chief Constable dispense with