safekeeping of all firearms and ammunition dealt with or kept in the course of the registered firearms dealerÕs business. Additional conditions to be imposed in individual cases: (e.g. at other places of temporary business such as fairs etc.) ii) All firearms shall be * (secured in a locked rack) (kept fastened together by means of a chain/approved security cord passing through the trigger guards and anchored to the frame or rack in which the firearms are secured) in publically accessible venues and shall not be removed unless this is necessary for a particular purpose connected with the certificate holderÕs business as a firearms dealer. (* Delete the words in brackets which are not applicable) iii) All handguns shall be kept in a locked safe or suitable secure cabinet and shall not be removed unless this is necessary for a particular purpose connected with the certificate holderÕs business as a firearms dealer. iv) Ammunition shall be kept separately under lock and key. v) Glass panels of doors shall be covered by steel grilles and windows shall be barred, subject to requirements for emergency escape routes. vi) The holder of this certificate shall notify the chief officer of police in writing if at any time he/she commences dealing in firearms to which section 1 of the Firearms Act 1968 applies. vii) The holder of this certificate shall notify the chief officer of police in writing if at any time he/she commences dealing in firearms other than flare signal pens. viii) No firearms or ammunition shall be (handled or)* stored at the registered premises without prior notice to the chief officer of police. (This condition should be used in respect of dealers who do not physically handle firearms or ammunition). [* delete words in brackets if not applicable] i) Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Appendix 7: Guidance on secure keeping of firearms Conditions of Security Firearms Act 1968, Amendment Acts 1988 & 1997 The Firearms Rules 1998 state Òfirearms or shot guns to which a certificate relates must be stored securely at all times so as to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, access to the guns by unauthorised persons.Ó A registered firearms dealer certificate is conditioned to require that ÒReasonable measures shall be taken to maintain the safekeeping of all firearms and ammunition dealt with or kept in the course of the registered firearms dealerÕs business.Ó Auctioneers, carriers and warehousemen are required by the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 to Òtake reasonable precautions for the safe custody of the firearms and ammunition in his or his servants possession in the course of his business.Ó Conditions on an Authority of the Secretary of State/Scottish Ministers for the holding of weapons etc to which section 5 of the 1968 Act applies, include Òthat the prohibited weapons are stored at no place other that the company premises at [ ] under secure conditions as agreed with and satisfactory to the chief officer of [ ] policeÓ, and Òthat the prohibited weapons are transported under secure