that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. welded in place at manufacture. Automatic firearms 7 Automatic firearms: e.g. assault rifles, (sub)machine guns, automatic pistols Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 7.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot through the barrel including the chamber where present (width: > ? calibre; length: for rifled barrels three times the length of chamber and for smoothbore barrels twice the length of the chamber). 7.2 Barrel: A hole must be drilled across the chamber through both walls and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % chamber, min 4,5 mm). The same pin can be used to secure the barrel to the action. Alternatively, a plug of the size of the cartridge case must be inserted into the chamber and securely welded. 7.3 Barrel: Remove the feed ramp where present. 7.4 Barrel: The barrel must be Guidance Notes In automatic pistols where removal of the barrel permanently secured to the requires the removal of the slide, this process firearm by welding, bonding or may be achieved by the general provision of by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. The pin used in operation 7.2 can be used for this purpose. slide captivation. 7.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels Exchange barrels for automatic pistols may only 1.1 not a?xed to the firearm, apply operations 7.1-7.3 as applicable. In addition, the be submitted as part of a factory set and not as individual barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels barrels must be permanently submitted will be recorded on the deactivation prevented from being a?xed certificate of the firearm they are submitted to a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 7.6 Breech block/bolt head: Remove or shorten firing pin. 7.7 Breech block/bolt head: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire breech face. All locking lugs must be removed or substantially weakened. 7.8 Breech block/bolt head: Weld the firing pin hole. 7.9 Slide (for automatic pistols): Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire surface. 7.10 Slide (for automatic pistols): Remove the firing pin. 7.11 Slide (for automatic pistols): Remove locking lugs in slide. with. With the exception of barrels for crew- served firearms, barrels for other automatic firearms may not