may include bloodstained clothing. In addition to ascertaining the wishes of families, the SIM or SIO should seek advice on the health and safety implications of returning unclean items to relatives. A photograph of each item should be retained before the item is returned to family members. Following a mass fatality incident, it is likely that a great deal of property will need to be collected and managed. In these circumstances, the SIM may appoint a property manager. In the event of a third part provider being appointed, the property manager will oversee the implementation of the property strategy. This will include plans for arbitration of any disputes of ownership. Property manager The property manager implements the predetermined strategies on identifying, investigating, obtaining or seizing, retaining and returning personal property and evidence. They must also complete the appropriate documentation. Their responsibilities include: ensuring that all property is stored securely documenting all decisions and the rationale for them Reconciliation procedures Reconciliation is the process by which data collected during antemortem procedures is analysed against the data collected during post-mortem procedures, in order to identify the deceased and reunite human remains from the same human body. The SIM should create an identification strategy. This should include the: manner in which the process will be undertaken appointment of a reconciliation coordinator membership of the reconciliation investigation unit use of information systems technology use of unique features to make provisional identifications format of the reports to be sent from the reconciliation investigation unit to the identification commission The reconciliation coordinator should be in frequent contact with the AMC and the CB manager to ensure that information is passed between the two teams. The PMOC also provides the reconciliation investigation unit with relevant information regarding the examinations of the deceased. The reconciliation coordinator should ensure that procedures are in place to make provisional identifications as soon as possible. The SIM should have a strategy on: the communication of information to and from the family. No information should be passed to relatives without the approval of the SIM and HM coroner or procurator fiscal. the information that will be provided to families and friends at which stage of the identification process the issue of early provisional identification criteria (possible, probable and established identification) Reconciliation coordinator The reconciliation coordinator should be a trained DVI manager such as a PMOC or in complex and protracted incidents a trained SIM with knowledge of the DVI process and forensic techniques. They may have a team of people, including specialists, who are independent of the data collection processes. The role of the reconciliation coordinator is to: liaise with the SIM to implement the identification strategy and reconciliation process coordinate activities within the reconciliation investigation unit ensure that all reconciliation unit staff are equipped, trained and qualified ensure that there is continuity within the identification process assume responsibility for all aspects of documentation in relation to the identification process ensure the quality control of submissions, including the return of any samples to