Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 51 Election to fill vacancy in office of commissioner (1) This section applies where a vacancy occurs in the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area. (2) An election must be held to fill the vacancy. (3) The police area returning officer must fix the date of the poll at the election. (4) The date fixed must be not more than 35 days after the relevant event (computed in accordance with section 73). (5) For the purposes of subsection (4), Òthe relevant eventÓ meansÑ (a) in a case where the High Court or the appropriate officer has declared the office to be vacant, the making of that declaration; (b) in any other case, the giving of notice of the vacancy to the appropriate officer by two or more relevant electors. [F27(6) A person is a relevant elector for the purposes of subsection (5) in relation to a police area in England if the person is registered in a register of local government electors in respect of an address within the police area. (6A) A person is a relevant elector for the purposes of subsection (5) in relation to a police area in Wales if subsection (6B) or (6C) applies. (6B) This subsection applies ifÑ (a) the person is registered in a register of parliamentary electors in respect of an address within the police area, and (b) the registration is not in pursuance of an overseas elector's declaration. (6C) This subsection applies ifÑ (a) the person is [F28Ñ (i) disqualified as a peer from voting as an elector at parliamentary elections, or (i) 48 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (ii) a qualifying EU citizen, or an EU citizen with retained rights, who has attained the age of 18], and (b) the person is registered in a register of local government electors in respect of an address within the police area.] (7) If the vacancy occurs within the period of six months ending with the day of the poll at the next ordinary election of police and crime commissionersÑ (a) no election is to be held under subsection (2) in respect of the vacancy, and (b) accordingly, the office is to be left unfilled until that ordinary election. (8) The term of office of a person elected as a police and crime commissioner for a police area at an election to fill a vacancy in the officeÑ (a) begins immediately the person is declared to