injuries Detainees who have suffered a head injury should be immediately transported to hospital for medical assessment and monitoring. For the purpose of this APP, head injury is defined as any trauma (external force) to the head, other than superficial injuries to the face. Traumatic brain injury may be defined as a traumatically induced structural injury and/or physiological disruption of brain function as a result of an external force. It may be indicated by new onset or worsening of at least one of the following clinical signs, immediately following the event: any period of loss of or a decreased level of consciousness any loss of memory for events immediately before or after the injury any alteration in mental state at the time of the injury (confusion, disorientation, slowed thinking) neurological deficits (weakness, loss of balance, change in vision, praxis, paresis/plegia, sensory loss, aphasia) that may or may not be a transient intracranial lesion A blow to the head can result in bruising or bleeding inside the skull or inside the brain. Not all head injuries are visible and complications may occur at any time after the event. Staff must be aware of the risks associated with head injuries, particularly when dealing with detainees who may have been involved in a fight or a road traffic collision. Staff should also be aware that symptoms of a serious injury to the head can display as the common signs of drunkenness (for example slurred speech, drowsiness and vomiting). A head injury may result in a rapid deterioration in the health of the detainee. Responsibilities of custody officers Custody officers and staff should be guided by the FFLM (2023) Head injury warning: Advice to custody officers, gaolers and detention officers when dealing with a detainee who is exhibiting symptoms of a head injury. This may be necessary even where there is no obvious sign of injury, or when/if the detainee denies that any injury has occurred. Infectious and communicable diseases Officers should seek advice from an HCP whenever a detainee is known or suspected to have an infection or communicable disease. Some detainees give information readily about a disease or infection, others do not. Information may be available on the PNC, the PND or local force systems. There may be visible signs, such as discolouration of the skin or weeping sores. Officers should record information on the risk assessment and the detainee’s medical forms. If information is written on a whiteboard, it should not be visible to anyone other than custody staff. All people who appear to have suffered a human bite should be taken to Accident and Emergency. Procedures needed to manage potential risk Forces must have procedures to manage the potential risk of communicable diseases. PACE Code C paragraph 9.7 allows a detainee and their property to be kept in isolation at the discretion of the custody officer until medical directions have been obtained. For further information, see FFLM (2022) Managing blood-borne virus exposures in custody Cleaning cells Every cell must be