the form. Staff must indicate both a current risk and any known past risks. PER/dPER form requirements Where the detainee is to be transferred from a police station, the responsibility for the PER/dPER form lies with the first custody officer who becomes aware of the transfer. The form may be completed by a trained and competent custody detention officer, but responsibility for the form content and sign-off remains with the custody officer. This reduces the risk of important information being lost during any subsequent handovers between custody officers. It is the responsibility of the custody officer who transfers the detainee from the police station to the escort to ensure that the PER/dPER is up to date and contains details of any additional post-charge or other care requirements. Custody officers must provide supporting information when ticking a warning marker box. Officers should attach copies of risk assessment forms and medical examination records that are not confidential to the PER/dPER. They should also enter relevant information onto the PER/dPER in case any of the attached information is lost. Confidential medical information must be attached in a sealed envelope. Information relating to self-harm or suicide cannot be deemed confidential and should always be on the PER/dPER form. The PECS electronic booking system is a standalone system and does not interface with any other police system. Therefore officers must input any new or existing information about a detainee onto the dPER. This is especially important in relation to risk information and warning markers. Staff should add a direct contact telephone number for the custody suite to the PER/dPER so that escort, court, probation or prison staff can make prompt contact with the custody officer should they need to clarify any information. The escorting staff are responsible for maintaining a record of the detainee’s movements and any occurrences during transit. Managing an ‘at-risk’ detainee from a prison or young offender institution While the detainee is in police custody, officers and staff should: maintain the assessment, care in custody and teamwork (ACCT) plan (this can provide important information for staff at the prison/young offender institution (YOI) that the detainee is returned to) document relevant conversations, observations, significant events, changes in mood, behaviour or circumstances on the PER/dPER form and on the ongoing record The minimum frequency suggested by the prison/YOI for making such records is indicated in the ‘required frequency of conversations and observations’ box on the front cover. Officers and staff should continue to follow policies for receiving and caring for an at-risk detainee. They should remember to: talk to the detainee send the ACCT plan with the escort staff to the prison/YOI that the detainee is being returned to, and note this on the PER/dPER form keep a copy of the ACCT plan with the custody record Receiving an at-risk detainee There are occasions when the police take people into custody who are already serving a prison sentence. They could be on a care or support plan, having been identified as being at risk