against their will abroad, one option may be to ask the victim to surrender their passport. This may help to at least delay the process whilst they seek expert help. Forced Marriage Protection Orders (FMPO) A FMPO is a civil order which is unique to each case and contains legally binding conditions and directions that prevent the behaviour of a person or persons trying to force someone into marriage. Specific conditions can be applied for, including a power of arrest, should a breach occur. A FMPO can be obtained within 24hrs. Once an order is granted, they are issued by Court personnel with a copy provided to the local police station. An entry must then be entered on PNC to record the Order and the conditions imposed for the person it was issued to. A physical copy of the order will be sent and stored with Safeguarding Team PPD. Wiltshire Police can apply for a FMPO on behalf of the victim, but this does not negate the victims need to attend court (although this can be done by video link at an undisclosed location). The family of the victim also have the right to oppose the order in which case a temporary order will be made whilst the trial is adjourned for the family to put their defence together. FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION (FGM) Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) (also known as female circumcision or female genital cutting) is an extreme form of Child and/or Domestic Abuse. It refers to the removal of part or all of the female genitalia for cultural or other non-therapeutic reasons. This is extremely painful and has serious consequences for physical and mental health and in extreme circumstances can result in death. The Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 was enacted in March 2004 and outlawed the practice in this country. It also made it an offence for United Kingdom nationals or habitual4 United Kingdom residents to carry out FGM abroad, or to aid, abet, counsel or procure the carrying out of FGM abroad, even in countries where the practice is legal. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has classified FGM into four main types: Type 1 Ð Clitoridectomy: partial or total removal of the clitoris (a small, sensitive and erectile part of the female genitals) and, in very rare cases, only the prepuce (the fold of skin surrounding the clitoris). Type 2 Ð Excision: partial or total removal of the clitoris and the labia minora, with or without excision of the labia majora (the labia are the ÔlipsÕ that surround the vagina). Type 3 Ð Infibulation: narrowing of the vaginal opening through the creation of a covering seal. The seal is formed by cutting and repositioning the inner, or outer, labia, with or without removal of the clitoris. Type 4 Ð Other: all other harmful procedures to the female genitalia for non-medical purposes, e.g. pricking, piercing, incising, scraping and cauterising the genital area. FGM has been documented as taking place in 28 countries in Africa and is found