of the requirements under section 352(6) apply to the application; • if relying upon satisfying section 353: o how subsection (2)(b) of that section applies; and o which of the conditions in either subsection (3) or (5) apply to the application; and • the name of the appropriate officer or the appropriate person, subject to the provisions in POCA relating to pseudonyms of members of staff of a relevant Director. 86. If an application for a search and seizure warrant is refused, no further application may be made for a warrant to search those premises in the investigation unless supported by additional grounds which subsequently come to light. Particular action to be taken executing a search and seizure warrant 87. If the appropriate officer who made the application is a different person from the appropriate person authorised to execute the warrant, the appropriate officer should explain the background and decision to apply for the warrant to the appropriate person. The appropriate person will then have the relevant information which will help when executing the warrant. 88. Authorised persons may only attend execution of the warrant if they are accompanying the appropriate person. Time limit for conducting searches 89. Searches carried out under a warrant in a civil recovery investigation must be conducted within one calendar month of the date of the issue of the warrant29. The warrant should be returned to the issuing court not more than four months after the date that it was granted. 90. Where the extent or complexity of a search means that it is likely to take a long time to complete, the appropriate person may wish to consider whether the additional powers of seizure under Part 2 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (CJPA) may appropriately be used. Entry other than with consent 91. Before entering the premises, the appropriate person must first attempt to communicate with the owner or occupier, or any other person entitled to 29 Section 356(4). grant access to the premises, by explaining the authority under which entry is sought to the premises, showing the warrant and asking the owner, occupier or person entitled to grant access to allow entry, unless: • the premises to be searched are known to be unoccupied; • the o w n e r o r occupier and any other person entitled to grant access are known to be absent; or • there are reasonable grounds for believing that to alert the owner, occupier or any other person entitled to grant access by attempting to communicate with them would frustrate the object of the search or endanger the person concerned or other people. 92. Before a search begins, the appropriate person must identify him or herself (subject to the provision in section 449A relating to pseudonyms of members of staff of the relevant Director) and show an official form of identification, state the purpose of the search and the grounds for undertaking it. The appropriate person does not need to comply with this