13) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Regulations about complaints and conduct matters Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 197 F207SCHEDULE 7 Section 31 REGULATIONS ABOUT COMPLAINTS AND CONDUCT MATTERS Introduction 1 (1) In this ScheduleÑ Òconduct matterÓ has the same meaning as in section 31; Òpolice forceÓ means a police force maintained for a police area in England or Wales or any other police force which exercises functions in England or Wales; Òqualifying complaintÓ has the same meaning as in section 31; ÒregulationsÓ means regulations under section 31. (2) The provisions of this Schedule that confer power to make particular kinds of regulations do not affect the generality of the power conferred by section 31. Investigation of serious complaints 2 (1) This paragraph applies toÑ (a) serious complaints, and (b) conduct matters, which relate to any relevant office holder. (2) Regulations must provide for serious complaints and conduct matters to be investigatedÑ (a) by the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct], or (b) by a police force, in an investigation that is under the management of the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct]. 198 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Regulations about complaints and conduct matters Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) This paragraph does not prevent regulations from making provision about the receipt or initial handling of serious complaints or conduct matters otherwise than by the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct] or a police force. (4) This paragraph does not prevent regulations from making provision aboutÑ (a) circumstances in which serious complaints or conduct matters are not to be investigated; and (b) circumstances in which investigations of serious complaints or conduct matters are to be discontinued; including provision about the determination of such matters (whether by the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct], a police force or otherwise). (5) Regulations may make provision about what is to be taken to be a criminal offence for the purposes of sub-paragraph (6). (6) In this paragraph Òserious complaintÓ means a qualifying complaint made about conduct which constitutes or involves, or appears to constitute or involve, the commission of a criminal offence. Resolution of other complaints 3 (1) This paragraph applies in relation to qualifying complaints whichÑ (a) relate to a holder of the office ofÑ (i) police and crime commissioner, (ii) deputy police and crime commissioner, or (iii) Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime (unless the holder of that office is a member of the London Assembly), and (b) are not, or cease to be, investigated by