been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) The power to make regulations under subsection (3) is exercisable by statutory instrument. (7) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (3) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. Removal etc of abandoned vehicles 90 Charges for removal, storage and disposal of vehicles (1) Section 102 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984 (charges for removal, storage and disposal of vehicles), as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (2), for the words before paragraph (a) substitute ÒIn any such case (but subject in the case of a local authority to subsection (2A))ÑÓ. (3) For subsection (2A) substituteÑ Ò(2A) In the case of a vehicle removed, on any ground mentioned in subsection (1), from an area that is a civil enforcement area for parking contraventionsÑ (a) subsection (2) does not apply to the recovery of charges by a local authority, but (b) the enforcement authority is entitled to recover from any person responsible such charges in respect of the removal, storage and disposal of the vehicle as they may require in accordance with Schedule 9 to the Traffic Management Act 2004.Ó Surrender of driving licences 91 Production of licence to the court (1) The Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 is amended as follows. (2) In section 7 (trial: duty of accused to provide licence to the court)Ñ (a) for subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) WhereÑ (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4B Ð Courses offered as alternative to prosecution CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 109 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) a person who is the holder of a licence is prosecuted for an offence involving obligatory or discretionary disqualification, (b) there is a hearing, and (c) the person attends the hearing, the person must bring the licence to the hearing.Ó; (b) omit subsections (1A), (1B), (1C) and (2). (3) In section 27 (sentence: production of licence to the court)Ñ (a) for subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) WhereÑ (a) a person who is the holder of a licence is convicted of an offence involving obligatory or discretionary disqualification, and (b) a court proposes to make, or makes, an order disqualifying the person, the court may require the licence to be produced to it.Ó; (b) in subsection (3)(b), at the beginning insert Òunless the licence is already