As the public grows increasingly fearful from the small acts of disorder, this leads them to use public areas less, which invites further acts of disorder and crime because informal social control is disappearing. The New York policing method developed in line with this theory was not labelled ‘zero tolerance’ as such. The original idea was for ‘quality of life policing’, but it has inextricably become known not only as zero-tolerance policing, but also as the epitome of this method (even though Bratton never used this term himself) (Newburn and Jones 2007). Some of the main elements in the New York method are: Vigorous law-enforcement responses to minor crime and disorder The use of civil remedies against those perceived to be involved in criminal activities Enhanced accountability, using Compstat viii, of local police managers for crime and disorder in their areas Public target setting in relation to crime reduction Conspicuous use of the media as a public relations tool on behalf of the police and policing strategies; and Aggressive enforcement action against street crimes (Newburn and Jones 2007: 226) What lead to the label ‘zero tolerance’ being applied here was the first point – aggressive policing of minor incivilities such as begging, public urination or fare dodging. The police ‘cracked down’ on this kind of behaviour in a way that reflected ‘zero tolerance’ for it, in the hopes that it would prevent worse disorder or crimes from happening (Newburn and Jones 2007). This, combined with the other methods listed above, is credited with cutting the felony rate by half and dropping the homicide rate from 2245 in 1990 to 767 seven years later (Dixon 1999). It would appear on the surface that zero tolerance was a success, and wide widely heralded as such in the media at the time (Manning 2001). Dixon (1999) warns against reading too much into this, however. First of all, there were significant crime rate drops in other cities in the US at the same time, which did not use zero tolerance policing methods. 17 of the 25 largest US cities reported a fall in their crime rates, as did 12 of the 17 countries in advanced industrial development. While it is not certain why these falls happened, what is clear is that zero tolerance policing was not the main cause. Secondly, as the list of elements making up ‘quality of life’ policing indicates above, the police in New York were not just using new zero tolerance methods. Many other techniques had been implemented. Officers in the NVPD were suffering from an uncertainty in the extent to which they should use their powers for minor offences prior to Bratton’s arrival as chief of police due to fears of corruption allegations, breaches of freedom of speech and inadequate supervision. It can be argued that all these changes in policing contributed to an improvement in morale and to an overall reform in terms of laziness, corruption and incompetence in some areas. This newfound motivation for police officers to