life, pab"ttctmatthorna:tmrrarse-curity or cause- erious social disruption or economic or environm.ental damage. However, the existing offence of mpairing a computer only carries a maximum sentence of 10 years, which the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and law enforcement agencies consider too low for the level of economic and personal harm that such an attack could cause. Although to -date no cyber attacks l:tallell"d a? impact nflhi0 nature,- a longer maximum sentence should be available should such an attack occur in future. - - .. á- - --- .. ... --á- - - ---- What are the policy objectives and the intended effects? . he policy obJect1ve 1s. to ensure that. all cyber attacks that result in serious damage to human welfare ational security, the economy or the environment can be prosecuted, with a maximum sentence vailable that fully reflects the severity of the conduct. . I i' What policy options have been considered, including any alternatives to regulation? Please justify preferred ! option (further details-in Evidence Base) fr. wo options have been considered: 1Option 1: Do nothing. Continue with existing arrangements under existing law. Option2: Legislate Create a new (aggravated) offence of impairing a computer that results, directly or indirectly, in serious damage to th_e economy, the environment, national security or human welfare, or creates a significant risk of such damage The maximum sentence will be life imprisonment for cyber _attacks which result in oss of life, serious illness or injury or serious damage to national security or 14 years' imprisonment for attacks causing serious economic or environmental damage or social disruption. -á - --á -á-á,á Will the policy be reviewed? It will not be reviewed. If applicable, set review date: Month/Year I Does implementation go beyond minimum EU requirements? Are any of these organisations in scope? If Micros not Micro N/A < 20 Small IMedium ILarge exempted set out reason ,n Evidence Base. INo INo No No No What is the CO2 equivalent change in greenhouse gas emissions? (Million tonnes CO2 equivalent) ---- á----á--------- Traded: Non-traded: n/a n/a I have read the Impact Assessment and I am satisfied that (a) it represents a fair and reasonable view of the expected costs, benefits and impact of the policy, and (b) that the benefits justify the costs. Signed by the responsible Minister: Summary: Analysis & Evidence Policy Option 2 Description: Create a new (aggravated) offence of impairing a computer to cause serious damage FULL ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT Price Base Year 12/13 PVBase Year 2016 Time Period Years 10 Net Benefit (Present Value (PV)) (£m) Low:- I High: - Best Estimate: - COSTS (£m) Total Transition (Constant Price) Years Average Annual (excl. Transition) (Constant Price) Total Cost (Present Value) Low 0 0 0 High 0 0.12 1 Best Estimate 0 0.06 0.5 Description and scale of key monetised costs by 'main affected groups' Any offences that fall within the scope of the new aggravated offence could already be prosecuted as the existing "section 3" offence. Although we expect the threshold for the aggravated offence