pass a bill through both chambers, proposing amendments to Section 1042 of the IRC to allow private equity and venture capital firms holding a controlling stake in a company to defer capital gains taxes when selling to an ESOP. Within this bill, Congress must define controlling stake as at least 30%, QRP as any security issued by a domestic “operating corporation,” SMEs as firms that employ fewer than 500 employees, and ESG as a metric used in business and investing to determine a company’s performance across multiple areas of social responsibility like environment, social, and corporate governance.6,13,14 ESOPs must be defined as a qualified defined contribution plan that is a stock bonus plan or a stock bonus/money purchase plan under IRC Section 401(a).17 These terms are important to define during the legislative process to ensure that the true meaning of the bill is held, especially with potential legal scrutiny.18 Assuming the passage of the bill in both chambers of Congress and the signing of the bill by the President of the United States, the IRS will have jurisdiction in enforcing the law. Prior to enforcement, the IRS will open a Public Notice and Comment Period to receive stakeholder input. Inputs have successfully led to the more effective and efficient enforcement of laws, as seen with the IRS Qualified Business Income Deduction in 2018 and its clarified definitions after the comments.19 To ensure compliance, the IRS will establish a framework to enforce the new tax code similar to the current compliance framework under Section 1042 of the IRC, with a few additional adjustments. Sellers must attach a written statement indicating their choice to apply for Section 1042 to their income tax return for the year of the sale.20 This statement must include the following: a description of the corporation or qualified securities sold, the date of sale, the cost of the QRP purchased, and a justification for why the QRP is considered a part of an SME that can be measured under ESG standards.20 Within 45 days of purchasing the QRP, sellers of the QRP are required to provide a notarized statement detailing the purchase, including the date and cost. Additionally, the statement must include their formalized ESG- related initiatives, and their corporation size, declaring that the securities represent the QRP concerning the ESOP stock sale.15 Lastly, the IRS will work with the Department of Labor (DOL) to ensure that the ESOPs involved in all transactions comply with ERISA standards.16 The IRS and DOL will also collaborate to collect data regarding the success of the policy. Although the current Section 1042 does not have any provisions regarding data collection to measure its success, this law will encourage the DOL and the National Center for Employee Ownership to collect data regarding the welfare of workers in corporations involved in PE and VC transactions. Works Cited “Employee Ownership by the Numbers.” NCEO, 2024. https://www.nceo.org/articles/empl oyee-ownership-by-the-numbers. “ERISA.” DOL. Accessed November 14, 2024. https://www.dol.gov/general/topic/h ealth- plans/erisa#:~:text=The%20Employ ee%20Retirement%20Income%20S ecurity,for%20individuals%20in%2 0these%20plans. National Center for Employee Ownership. 2019.