and/or seized. The powers therefore need to be fully and clearly justified before they are used. The use of the powers which impact upon individualsÕ rights must be proportionate to the outcome being sought. In particular, those exercising the powers must consider at every stage whether the necessary objectives can be achieved by less intrusive means Ð this may be by approaching the potential respondent to ascertain whether they will provide the required information without the need for a court order or to give them prior notice that an application is to be made. The giving of prior notice of an application may mean that a respondent is ready to comply and allows them the opportunity to make representations about the detail of the order or notice due to the nature of the investigation or what they will be required to produce. In all cases, those exercising the powers must exercise them fairly, courteously, responsibly, respectfully and without discrimination. Under section 149 of the Equality Act 2010, when the relevant Director, their authorised staff or a specified person are carrying out their functions, they also have a duty to have due regard to the need to eliminate unlawful discrimination, harassment and victimisation, to advance equality of opportunity between people who share a relevant Òprotected characteristicÓ and those who do not share it, and to take steps to foster good relations between those persons.9 18. With particular reference to search and seizure warrants, if there is reason to believe an action carried out pursuant to the powers covered by this Code might have an adverse effect on relations between law enforcement and the community, the appropriate officer should consult the l o c a l police/community liaison officer and/or any other relevant persons: • before any action is taken; or • in particularly urgent cases, as soon as practicable after action has been taken. 9 In Northern Ireland, under section 75 of the Northern Ireland Act 1998, when the Director of Public Prosecutions, his authorised staff or a specified person are carrying out their functions they have a duty to promote equality of opportunity between persons of different religious belief, political opinion, racial group, age, marital status or sexual orientation; between men and women generally; between persons with a disability and persons without and between persons with dependants and persons without. They must also have regard to the desirability of promoting good relations between persons of different religious belief, political opinion or racial group. 19. The appropriate officer (in the case of an application for a warrant) or appropriate person (in the case of execution of a warrant) should also consider whether this consultation could jeopardize an ongoing (sensitive) wider operation or investigation. In such circumstances consultation may not be advisable. 20. The expectation is that the provisions of the Code will apply to all searches carried out under this Code. 21. A refusal to allow a search of premises or a vehicle may in some instances constitute an offence, (including