Accounts set up specifically to administer a Wiltshire Police Facebook page must not be used for any other reason. • Wiltshire Police Facebook users must only post on the Facebook page they are an editor for and must not accept or make friend requests to other Facebook users. • Wiltshire Police Facebook accounts are limited to: o the main Wiltshire Police account o the main Wiltshire Police Facebook account o o one Facebook page per policing team geographical area, administrated by local officers o one per department with a community engagement focus (considered on a case by case basis) • Wiltshire Police Twitter accounts are limited to: o the main Wiltshire Police account o one account per policing team geographical area (i.e. CPT or equivalent) o one account per department with a community engagement focus (considered on a case by case basis) o CPT Inspectors and Senior Command Team/Hub superintendents o other requests will be considered on a case by case basis • Wiltshire Police Instagram accounts are limited to: o the main Wiltshire Police Instagram account o Youth Engagement Instagram account • All Wiltshire Police social media accounts for policing team areas must be named in the format of Ôarea nameÕ Policing Team e.g. Calne Policing Team, North Swindon Policing Team. • Any Wiltshire Police account left unused for a month or more is subject to review and could be automatically shut down by the Force for inactivity. • Anyone reporting a crime via a Wiltshire Police social media account should be strongly advised: o that reports of crime cannot be taken over social media o to call 101 in a non-emergency or 999 in an emergency o Wiltshire Police social media channels are not monitored 24/7 o Wiltshire Police have no control over the security and confidentiality of messages sent through Facebook Messenger. This information must also be included as standard in ÔAbout UsÕ or ÔbioÕ sections of individual social media accounts / pages and must not be changed or deleted. • FacebookÕs ÔCall to actionÕ will direct people to sign up for Wiltshire and Swindon Community Messaging (www.wiltsmessaging.co.uk). This must not be changed without consulting the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department. • The use of Wiltshire Police social media accounts should be for work purposes only, including all forms of interaction via that medium, and in line with the Corporate Communications and Engagement Department Social Media Guidance. • It may be necessary on some occasions to send photos and videos to Corporate Communications and Engagement for branding and compression before they are able to be posted online. Please contact Corporate Communications and Engagement further information on the use of photos/videos. • Any photos posted by a Wiltshire Police employee or volunteer to a Wiltshire Police social media account could be potentially reused by Wiltshire Police without your consent. For example shared on another Wiltshire Police social media account, or used in Internal Communications etc. • All Wiltshire Police accounts are regularly monitored and each carries an audit