abuse, including in a family setting or in their own intimate relationships. Professionals from that service should be treated as having parity of status with statutory bodies in the multi-agency safeguarding team (they should, for example, be included in all relevant meetings, be part of information sharing agreements, have good access around the building, expect that their skills, knowledge and experience will be drawn on for key decisions and the outcome of decisions shared with them). Set an expectation that the service invited to join the multi-agency safeguarding team is able to evidence that it meets the shared sector standards agreed between Imkaan, Respect, SafeLives and Women’s Aid published in 2016. Safe and effective information sharing Effective and meaningful multi-agency work relies heavily on timely and appropriate, while lawful, information sharing, ensuring all agencies have the necessary information to participate materially in meetings and make informed decisions. Agencies should: Make mandatory, appropriate information sharing training available to the multi-agency safeguarding team so that they are professionally competent and confident about when and how to share (or not share) information, in line with the multi-agency safeguarding team protocol (see above), data protection legislation (UK General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018, ‘the 2018 Act’) and the ICO Data Sharing Code of Practice. When sharing personal data, consideration must be given to whether it is lawful, personal data can only be shared if there is a lawful basis for doing so. Training should be informed by service user feedback and learning from local Child Safeguarding Practice Reviews, national reviews published by the Child Safeguarding Practice Review Panel and Domestic Homicide Reviews. Develop links and information sharing protocols that place the safety of the victims, including children, at the centre with multi-agency safeguarding structures including MAPPA (Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements), MARAC (Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conference), Operation Encompass, CSE (child sexual exploitation) operational groups, Prevent, the Community Safety Partnership and Supporting Families. Decision-making about what to share, and when, should be governed by a clear, collective understanding about the risks to safety for an individual and family, and how those risks and the other needs within that family can be addressed. Information sharing should happen with the express intent of reducing risk to one or more family members. There must be a lawful basis to Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance process (including sharing) any personal data. What lawful basis is appropriate will depend on the specific purpose for the processing. The six different lawful bases are set out in Article 6 of the UK GDPR, one of which must be met before personal data can be processed or shared. If using consent as the lawful basis this must be a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication, and an individual should be able to withdraw consent at any time. Consent may not be the most appropriate lawful basis and consideration should be given to each situation; for example processing personal data to comply with a statutory obligation such as a court