job on a long term basis; o speak with authority about the forum area; o speak with authority about strategic civil protection issues; and o commit sufficient time to prepare for forum meetings. 71 See paragraph 2.24 2.100. The chair may also represent the LRF at meetings with other tiers, including devolved and central government, or nominate another member of the LRF or its sub-groups to do so, at the appropriate senior level. Usually those nominated to attend on behalf of the LRF will be familiar with, and actively engaged in, the functional subject areas under discussion and may be the chair of the relevant subgroup 2.101. The secretariat support role is crucial in ensuring the LRF performs effectively. This clearly involves the appointment of an efficient secretary but it may also require a co-ordinator or manager to assist the chief officer and general working groups and ensure that the business of the forum across all its sub-groups and task and finish groups is dealt with satisfactorily. The two roles can fall to any of the member organisations and there are several instances where, for convenience, the role is performed by the chairÕs organisation, or the roles are co-located. However, it should generally be a different organisation from that providing the chair, possibly a local authority, so as to get the widest knowledge at the centre of the LRF of the range of functions engaged in preparations for emergency. 2.102. In relation to the LRF chief officer group, the working group, various sub-groups and task and finish groups, and other activities, the support role to the chair has a number of key tasks, as follows: o fix the date of chief-officer level LRF meetings; o agree the agenda and attendance with the LRF members; o organise the production of papers and presentations; o circulate papers to all Category 1 and 2 responders in the LRF area; o brief the chair; o take the minutes and follow up the matters arising and action points; o disseminate the minutes to all Category 1 and 2 responders in the LRF area and other LRF members; o o ensure that meetings of the working group, sub-groups and task and finish groups are effectively organised and recorded; and o ensure that relevant issues from these groups are brought to the attention of the chief officer group. Where a co-ordinator or manager has been appointed, the following additional tasks may be undertaken (though without a manager, these are undertaken by the LRF chief officer group and the working group): o track progress in carrying out the forumÕs decisions, including competent delivery of its programme, which may include the Community Risk Register, developing multi-agency plans and running multi-agency exercises; o prepare and deliver from time to time a strategic assessment on the capability and readiness of local responders, acting together, to respond; and o act when necessary as a focal point for the dissemination of documents containing policy initiatives and requests from other levels of government. 2.103.