degree of permanence. a factory set and not as individual barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels submitted will be recorded on the deactivation certificate of the firearm they are submitted with. 4.6 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the As long as the physical link to physical operating link between the trigger the firing mechanism is blade and the hammer, striker or sear. Fuse destroyed, it is acceptable for the trigger mechanism together with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If the trigger blade and any external hammer be left free to such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not move. However, they must be possible, remove the trigger mechanism and independent of each other and fill the area with weld or epoxy resin. 4.7 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). 4.8 Action: Machine a cone of 60 degrees minimum (apex angle), in order to obtain a base diameter equal to 10 mm at least or the diameter of the breech face. 4.9 Action: Remove the firing pin, enlarge the firing pin hole at a minimum diameter of 5 mm and weld the firing pin hole. 4.10 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 4.11 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove all the inner parts where possible and their attachment not linked in any way. Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not apply to moderators points of the moderator so that only a tube where ba?es are welded in remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. place at manufacture. Repeating long firearms 5 Repeating long firearms (smoothbore, rifled) Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 5.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot through the barrel including the chamber where present (width: > ? calibre; length: for rifled barrels three times the length of chamber and for smoothbore barrels twice the length of the chamber). For firearms without chamber included in the barrel, cut a longitudinal slot (width > ? calibre; length: minimum ? the length of the barrel from the forcing cone). 5.2 Barrel: A hole must be drilled across the chamber through both walls and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % chamber, min 4,5 mm). The same pin