Menu Home Crime, justice and law Policing User guide to statistics on firearm and shotgun certificates Home O?ce This guide provides additional information to support the statistics on firearm and shotgun certificates in Eng land and Wales. These statistics contain information on the number and type of certificate issued by police forces in England and Wales under the Firearms Act 1968 (as amended). Details of upcoming publications can be found on the statistics release calendar. The release reports on legally-held firearms and shotguns only. No o?cial estimate of illegally-held firearms and shotguns in England and Wales is available. 1. Uses of the data These statistics may be used by those with an interest in firearms to monitor trends in the number of firearm and shotgun certificates on issue, the number of guns held on certificate and the number of certificate holders in England and Wales. Specific uses of the data are included below. Informing the general public Figures on firearm and shotgun certificates and related statistics are used by the media, interest groups and the public for information, and to scrutinise trends and police force area comparisons. Statistics on firearm and shotgun certificates are routinely requested via parliamentary questions (PQs) and freedom of information (FOI) requests. Policy making and monitoring The figures are used by policy makers and advisors to: monitor the number of firearm and shotgun certificates, and related statistics monitor the performance and e?ectiveness of police forces monitor the performance and e?ectiveness of government policy inform policy and operational decisions by ministers The statistics provide a national and regional level picture of firearm and shotgun certificates, giving some insight into policing activities and contribute to decisions on police force funding. Support third sector activity - lobbying Lobby groups use firearm and shotgun certificate data, and related statistics, to protect the rights and civil liberties of citizens, and to support the use of legally-held guns in the farming community. For example, the British Association for Shooting and Conservation (BASC) use these statistics to monitor the legal possession of weapons, and to promote and protect sporting shooting in the UK. 2. Glossary Coterminous certificate A coterminous certificate allows the certificate holderÕs firearm and shotgun certificates to expire on the same day. Only shotgun certificates can have their expiry date changed to expire with a firearm certificate. Combining the certificates reduces fees for the certificate holder and reduces the burden on police firearms licensing teams. Firearms Act 1968 (Ôthe 1968 ActÕ) It is, with certain statutory exceptions, an o?ence to possess, purchase, or acquire any firearm, shotgun or ammunition to which section 1 or 2 of the Firearms Act 1968 applies, without holding a certificate. Section 1 of the 1968 Act applies to all firearms except a shotgun, an air gun, or a weapon prohibited under section 5 of the 1968 Act. Firearm According to the 1968 Act, a firearm means a lethal barrelled weapon of any description from which any shot, bullet or other missile with a kinetic energy of