impact of their work; Recognising the specialised nature of the work, choosing staff who hold specialist qualifications, training, accreditation, or other recognised professional standard which gives parity of status with agency colleagues; and Having a domestic abuse policy in place, complementing the policies held by each individual agency, which addresses the potential for staff to themselves be victims, or perpetrators, or experiencing vicarious trauma, which they action and own. There are a number of different existing initiatives and processes beyond MASHs (or equivalent) that agencies should be feeding into. Some of these initiatives and processes will be more or less appropriate depending on the level of risk and the stage at which agencies are intervening, e.g. early intervention or a well-established case. These include but are not limited to Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conferences, Multi- Agency Public Protection Arrangements, Perpetrator Panels and Perpetrator Programmes (see also the section ‘Addressing the behaviour of the perpetrator’). Address the behaviour of the perpetrator Addressing perpetrator behaviour is as important as safeguarding and supporting victims. Often, the courses of action considered are those aimed at the victims and non-abusive parents, placing additional burdens on them. Tackling perpetrator behaviour and placing the onus on them should be a key consideration for partnership work. Agencies should take the earliest opportunity available to consider how the behaviour of the perpetrator can be disrupted or constrained, putting the emphasis for change on that individual. The response to the perpetrator must be appropriate for the unique context and needs of the victim. For instance, victims subject to ‘honour’-based abuse may be experiencing a spectrum of behaviours from multiple perpetrators. Where Her Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service (HMPPS) statutory interventions are not available, agencies should consider creative options to address the behaviour of the perpetrator, including recourse to Youth Offending Teams, Integrated Offender Management (IOM), Multi-Agency Targeting And Co-ordinating (MATAC), Domestic Abuse Perpetrator Programmes, safeguarding, housing, Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and the full range of quality assured perpetrator programmes. Any approaches adopted should work closely with existing arrangements, including MARAC to ensure perpetrator management teams have key information from victim-focused panels. Young people perpetrating abuse in their relationships must be supported in an appropriate way that places emphasis on tackling the drivers of their behaviour. Court and responding agencies must consider youth justice guidelines when responding to Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance cases of teenage relationship abuse, avoid unnecessarily criminalising young people, and identify appropriate interventions to address behaviours that might constitute or lead to abuse. Relevant youth justice guidelines include: Case management guidance for Youth Offending Teams Standards for children in the Youth Justice System Crown Prosecution Service guidance on youth offenders Sentencing Council guidelines on sentencing children and young people Agencies should also ensure multi-agency safeguarding teams receive mandatory training on: the full range of behaviours that can be abusive, coercive or controlling; recognising the key risk and vulnerability factors and power relationships; understanding the dynamics of domestic abuse and the basic typologies of different perpetrators,