prevent gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity (1) A court may grant an injunction under this section against a respondent aged 14 or over if the first and second conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the respondent has engaged in or has encouraged or assisted- (a) gang-related violence, or (b) gang-related drug-dealing activity. (3) The second condition is that the court thinks it is necessary to grant the injunction for either or both of the following purposes- (a) to prevent the respondent from engaging in, or encouraging or assisting, gang- related violence or gang-related drug-dealing activity; (b) to protect the respondent from gang-related violence or gang-related drug- dealing activity. (4) An injunction under this section may (for either or both of those purposes)- (a) prohibit the respondent from doing anything described in the injunction; (b) require the respondent to do anything described in the injunction. (5) For the purposes of this section, something is Ògang-relatedÓ if it occurs in the course of, or is otherwise related to, the activities of a group that- (a) consists of at least three people, and (b) has one or more characteristics that enable its members to be identified by others as a group. (6) In this section ÒviolenceÓ includes a threat of violence. (7) In this Part Òdrug-dealing activityÓ means the unlawful production, supply, importation or exportation of a controlled drug. ÒProductionÓ, ÒsupplyÓ and Òcontrolled drugÓ here have the meanings given by section 37(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. 54 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Contents of injunctions 35 Contents of injunctions (1) This section applies in relation to an injunction under section 34. (2) The prohibitions included in the injunction may, in particular, have the effect of prohibiting the respondent from- (a) being in a particular place; (b) being with particular persons in a particular place; (c) being in charge of a particular species of animal in a particular place; (d) wearing particular descriptions of articles of clothing in a particular place; (e) using the internet to facilitate or encourage violence [or drug-dealing activity]. (3) The requirements included in the injunction may, in particular, have the effect of requiring the respondent to- (a) notify the person who applied for the injunction of the respondentÕs address and of any change to that address; (b) be at a particular place between particular times on particular days; (c) present himself or herself to a particular person at a place where he or she is required to be between particular times on particular days; (d) participate in particular activities between particular times on particular days. (4) A requirement of the kind mentioned in subsection (3)(b) may not be such as to require the respondent to be at a particular place for more than 8 hours in any day. (5) The prohibitions and requirements included in the injunction must, so far as practicable, be such as to avoid-