premises where the material is believed to be located and the nature of the premises themselves; and to obtain any other information relevant to the application. This may not be necessary if the premises are owned, occupied or controlled by professional bodies or financial institutions. 61. The appropriate officer should consider whether the application should seek production of the material or access to it. In most circumstances the appropriate officer should seek production, so material can be retained. There are occasions however where, for example, he or she may simply want sight of information contained in larger material, e.g. an entry in a register. 62. The seven day time limit for the production of material applies unless it appears to the judge that a shorter or longer period would be appropriate. Reasons which the appropriate officer might advance to the judge for changing the seven day period are that the investigation may be prejudiced unless there is a shorter time limit, or that it would not be reasonably practicable for the subject of the production order to comply with the seven day time limit due to the nature or amount of documentation required. There will be cases when the best practice is to contact the subject of the production order (e.g. a financial institution) before the application is made to discuss a reasonable time limit. Particular action to be taken executing a production order 63. When a production order is served on a person, business or institution under section 345(4)(a), the order or the covering letter must, in addition to the matters specified in paragraph 36, state: • that the order was made under section 345(4)(a); • • the material or class of material required to satisfy the production order; and • the period of time within which such documents must be produced. 64. Where an order is made under section 345(4)(b) (for access to material), the order or covering letter must, in addition to the matters specified in paragraph 36, state: • that the order was made under section 345(4)(b) ; • the material or class of material required to satisfy the production order; and • the appropriate officerÕs right of access to such material within the period stated in the order. 65. Section 350 deals with service of a production order on a government department. Where a production order is served on a government department, it must be served as if the proceedings were other civil proceedings in relation to the department. This means that a p p r o p r i a t e officers should look at the list of government departments published by the Cabinet Office and the Office of the First Minister and deputy First Minister in Northern Ireland21 under section 17 of the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 in order to find the correct address for service. A list is set out in annex 2 of Practice Direction 6622 and in Northern Ireland, the Judicial Review Practice Note 1/2008 as revised on 10