of a person aged 18 or over) the person is remanded in custody, the adjournment may not be for more than 3 weeks at a time. (3) If the person is remanded on bail, the adjournment may not be for more than 4 weeks at a time. 6 (1) If the judge or the courtÑ 1 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Remands under sections 9 and 10 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 169 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) is satisfied, on the written or oral evidence of a registered medical practitioner, that there is reason to suspect that the person is suffering from mental disorder, and (b) is of the opinion that it would be impracticable for a report on the person's mental condition to be made if he or she were remanded on bail, the judge or the court may remand the person to a hospital or registered establishment specified by the judge or the court for such a report to be made. (2) In sub-paragraph (1)Ñ ÒhospitalÓ has the meaning given by section 145(1) of the Mental Health Act 1983; Òmental disorderÓ has the meaning given by section 1 of that Act (reading subsection (2B) of that section as if it included a reference to sub- paragraph (1) above); Òregistered establishmentÓ has the meaning given by 34(1) of that Act. (3) Subsections (4) to (10) of section 35 of the Mental Health Act 1983 apply for the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) with any necessary modifications (in particular, with references to the accused person being read as references to the person mentioned in that sub-paragraph, and references to the court being read as references to the judge or the court). Further remand 7 (1) If the court is satisfied that a person who has been remanded is unable by reason of illness or accident to appear or be brought before the court at the end of the period of remand, the court may further remand the person in his or her absence. (2) The power in sub-paragraph (1) may, in the case of a person who was remanded on bail, be exercised by enlarging the person's recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. (3) Where a person remanded on bail is bound to appear before the court at any time and the court has no power to remand the person under sub-paragraph (1), the court may (in the person's absence) enlarge the person's recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. (4)