for any of paragraphs 2 to 11 to apply to the community support officer or the community support volunteer. The designation may provide for any such paragraph to apply— to its full extent, or only in cases or circumstances described in the designation. Where the designation provides for any of those paragraphs to apply— the community support officer or community support volunteer has any power or duty described in the paragraph as a power or duty of a community support officer or community support volunteer (subject to provision included in the designation under sub-paragraph (2)(b) or section 38(7A)), and any provision made by the paragraph in connection with the exercise of the power or the performance of the duty applies in relation to the exercise of the power or the performance of the duty by the community support officer or community support volunteer. In this Schedule— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C – Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 257 “CSO” means a person designated by a chief officer of police as a community support officer under section 38; “CSV” means a person designated by a chief officer of police as a community support volunteer under section 38; “the relevant police area”, in relation to a CSO or CSV, means the police area for which the police force in question is maintained. Expressions used in this Schedule and in the 1984 Act have the same meanings in this Schedule as in that Act. Powers to issue fixed penalty notices (1) A CSO or CSV has the power of an authorised officer of a litter authority to give a notice under section 88 of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 (fixed penalty notices in respect of litter) in relation to an individual whom the CSO or CSV has reason to believe has committed an offence under section 87 of that Act at a place within the relevant police area. A CSO or CSV has the power of an authorised officer of a local authority to give a notice under section 43(1) of the Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003 (penalty notices in respect of graffiti or fly-posting) in relation to an individual whom the CSO or CSV has reason to believe has committed an offence that is a relevant offence for the purposes of section 43(1) at a place within the relevant police area. A CSO or CSV designated under section 38 by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis has the power of an authorised officer of a borough council to give a notice