of Ògood reasonÓ must be reasonable. 12.3 This guidance is not exhaustive. Chief officers will encounter cases not covered here where they may properly judge that Ògood reasonÓ is proven. Each case must be judged on its own merits, being mindful of the consistent administration of the Acts and the need to provide fair and equitable treatment to all applicants, while maintaining the duty to protect the public from firearm misuse. 12.4 Apart from having a Ògood reasonÓ in principle, an applicantÕs reasons for owning firearms should be genuine. Equally, any reason to refuse an application must be clearly justified and explained. Chief officers should exercise caution in dealing with cases where the applicant presents a nominal reason for possessing firearms without supporting evidence. The police will be expected to make reasonable inquiries to verify the applicantÕs Ògood reasonÓ for the possession of firearms. This may include: 94 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law i. a request for written authorities where relevant (and possible). ii. verification of the likelihood of the quarry species being present and, if relevant, causing a level of undesired impact which justifies lethal control. iii. the suitability of land for the firearms and ammunition requested commensurate with the applicantÕs experience. iv. their authority to shoot on the land; and, v. in the case of target shooters: verification of club membership and shooting activities. vi. in the case of collectors: activity, including academic research, membership of recognised bodies etc. 12.5 An intention to acquire a firearm certificate, with the attendant responsibilities, should generally involve a genuine intent to use the firearms concerned regularly (depending on the type of firearm and the opportunities to use it) or a Ògood reasonÓ of similar substance. Failure to use a firearm or failure to acquire one by the end of the certificateÕs life may be cause for further inquiry as to the applicantÕs intentions, (but see paragraph 12.53 and sections on firearms of historical importance, collections and trophies of war). 12.6 ÒGood reasonÓ should be neither confined to need nor equated with desire. Most firearm certificate holders possess firearms for reasons of their profession, sport, collectors or recreation, and may properly wish to exercise discretion as to what types of firearms they choose for these purposes. On the other hand, a simple wish to own a particular sort of firearm is not in itself Ògood reasonÓ without further supporting evidence of intentions. Chief officers should be mindful of case law (Anderson v Neilans (1940) and Joy v Chief Constable of Dumfries and Galloway (1966)) which suggests that the chief officer should consider the application firstly Òfrom the standpoint of the applicant rather than from that of a possible objectorÓ. ÒGood reasonÓ will need to be demonstrated for each firearm to be held under section 1 of the 1968 Act. 12.7 With the exception of the limits set by the Deer Act (for more information, see Chapter 13) and similar legislation, the suggested calibres for different quarry species are intended as examples of