face and elsewhere so permissable for the cocking handle to that bolt/breech block is reduced have independent movement. A de- by minimum 50 % of original mass. natured, scrap fragment of the breech Permanently fix the breech block to block separated from the bolt head and the firearm by welding; bonding or attached to the cocking handle may be by using appropriate measures with left free to move back and forth behind the equivalent degree of permanence. the main deactivated and fixed breech block/bolt mass. 6.14 Automatic system: In cases where Remove all support on the breech face for bolt heads are incorporated into a the cartridge head. As long as the breech bolt carrier, the carrier must be face is removed, the breech block mass is reduced by a minimum of 50 %. The reduced by the required percentage and is bolt head must be permanently permanently fixed in place, and the firing fixed to the carrier and the carrier pin is removed or shortened, it is must be permanently fixed to the permissable for the cocking handle to firearm by welding, bonding or by have independent movement. A de- using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. natured, scrap fragment of the breech block separated from the bolt head and attached to the cocking handle may be left free to move back and forth behind the main deactivated and fixed breech block/bolt mass. 6.15 Magazines: Weld the magazine with The term magazine refers to detachable spots or use appropriate measures magazines only, NOT internal magazines 1.1 with the equivalent degree of permanence, depending on type of arm and material to prevent removing the magazine. 6.16 Magazines: If the magazine is such as those fitted to K98, etcÉ It is acceptable to modify a magazine well missing, place spots of weld or use by welding a substantial pin that would appropriate measures in the magazine location or fix a lock to prevent the insertion of an unmodified magazine yet would allow an empty, permanently prevent the insertion slotted magazine to be fitted. of a magazine. 6.17 Magazines: For tube magazines, drive one or several hardened steel pin(s) through magazine, chamber and frame connecting them permanently to each other. Secure by welding. 6.18 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 6.19 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove all Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not the inner parts where possible and apply to moderators where ba?es are their attachment points of the moderator so that only a tube remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front