specify the person who is to be responsible for the monitoring. (6) The person specified under subsection (5) (Òthe responsible personÓ) must be of a description specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (7) Where a sexual harm prevention order or interim sexual harm prevention order imposes an electronic monitoring requirement on the defendant, the defendant must (among other things)Ñ (a) submit, as required from time to time by the responsible person, toÑ (i) being fitted with, or the installation of, any necessary apparatus, and (ii) the inspection or repair of any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, (b) not interfere with, or with the working of, any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, and (c) take any steps required by the responsible person for the purpose of keeping in working order any apparatus fitted or installed for the purpose of the monitoring. These obligations have effect as requirements of the sexual harm prevention order or interim sexual harm prevention order under which the electronic monitoring requirement is imposed. (8) A sexual harm prevention order or an interim sexual harm prevention order may not provide for an electronic monitoring requirement to have effect for more than 12 months. (9) Subsection (8) does not prevent an electronic monitoring requirement from being extended for a further period (of no more than 12 months each time) under section 103E. 103FB Data from electronic monitoring: code of practice (1) The Secretary of State must issue a code of practice relating to the processing of data gathered in the course of electronic monitoring of defendants under electronic monitoring requirements imposed byÑ (a) sexual harm prevention orders, (b) relevant Scottish orders within the meaning of section 136ZG that have been renewed or varied as mentioned in subsection (11) of (a) 220 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes that section (variation etc by court in England and Wales to impose electronic monitoring requirement), and (c) sexual offences prevention orders that have been renewed or varied as mentioned in section 136ZH(10) (variation etc by court in England and Wales to impose electronic monitoring requirement). (2) A failure to observe a code issued under this section does not of itself make a person liable to any criminal or civil proceedings.Ó (11) In section 122A (sexual risk orders: applications, grounds and effect)Ñ (a) after subsection (8) insertÑ Ò(8A) Subsection (8) is subject to section 122C(1) (duration