or canÕt use a phone You can register with the emergencySMS. Text REGISTER to 999. You will get a text which tells you what to do next. Do this when it is safe so you can text when you are in danger. Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 + show all updates Explore the topic Domestic abuse Violence against women and girls Is this page useful? Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Menu Home Crime, justice and law Domestic abuse Guidance Domestic abuse: how to get help Find out how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. From: Home O?ce Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 Ñ See all updates Related content Definition of domestic violence and abuse: g uide for local areas Apply for the migrant victims of domestic abuse concession Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Domestic abuse: recognise the signs Indefinite leave to remain or enter ( domestic violence or abuse) Translated guidance If English is not your first language, information has been translated into several languages as well as an easy read version. WomenÕs Aid also have g uidance documents on domestic abuse and coronavirus available in a number of languages for victims, family and friends, and community members of those a?ected. If you are deaf, you can access a British Sign Lang uage video that explains how to get help if you or someone you know is a victim of domestic abuse. Recognise domestic abuse Does your partner, ex-partner or someone you live with: cut you o? from family and friends and intentionally isolate you? bully, threaten, or control you? take control of your finances? monitor or limit your use of technology? physically and/or sexually abuse you? Domestic abuse is not always physical violence. It can also include: coercive control and ÔgaslightingÕ economic abuse online abuse threats and intimidation emotional abuse sexual abuse Anyone can be a victim of domestic abuse, regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, religion, socio-economic status, sexuality or background. If you believe that you are a victim of domestic abuse, there are signs that you can look out for including: being withdrawn, or being isolated from your family and friends having bruises, burns or bite marks on you having your finances controlled, or not being given enough to buy food, medication or pay bills not being allowed to leave your house, or stopped from going to college or work having your internet or social media use monitored, or someone else reading your texts, emails or letters being