there is no intention to restrict any reasonable exercise of your rights and freedoms, it is expected that you will conduct yourself in such a way as to avoid bringing Wiltshire Police into disrepute or compromising its effectiveness or the security of its operations or assets. Given the current climate with regards to terrorism and threat levels, careful consideration MUST be given before disclosing any private information that may compromise your safety or that of your family, friends, associates or employer. It is advised that you consider the following guidance on ways to protect your job / role, identity and reputation: 1. Whilst it is ultimately your decision, for your own personal safety, it is suggested that you do not disclose your position as a Wiltshire Police employee or officer. Whatever you decide, you should avoid disclosing any personal details which may be used for identity theft, or to identify your home address, or other sensitive details about yourself or your family. Certain social media sites, including Facebook and LinkedIn, allow users to formally identify themselves as employees of an organisation. Users should carefully consider the risks associated with doing this. 2. Do ensure that you make use of the privacy settings available on social networking sites. However, you must be aware that social networking websites are a public forum and should not assume that entries on any website will remain private. 3. If you do disclose your association with Wiltshire Police, you must consider whether it is appropriate to discuss your role within Wiltshire Police. Never reveal the security clearances [vetting levels] of either yourself or that of other police service personnel. 4. Regularly review the content of both your work and personal on-line profiles. 5. You may accept payment or other inducement for your own material produced away from your Wiltshire Police employment, provided that this has been officially registered and approved as a business interest and the material does not in any way relate to policing. Failure to register and obtain approval for a business interest may result in formal disciplinary action being taken. For more information on business interests refer to the Business Interest SharePoint site and the Business Interests and Additional Occupations Policy. 6. You should also bear in mind that publicly visible personal social media accounts may be monitored by members of the community where you work, media, defence legal representatives, terrorist and organised crime groups. Criminals and others may seek to use the internet and social media to identify personal information about Police officers and Police staff with a view to embarrassing, discrediting, harassing, corrupting or blackmailing them or their families. 1. 7. Be extra vigilant, when liking or sharing posts etc., that you have a clear understanding of who has raised the post and it is appropriate for you to offer an opinion. Further advice can be found in Section 8 - Keeping your private life private [page 7] of the ACPO Guidelines on Safe use of the Internet & Social Media.