April, and end on either the 31 March next following that day or on any subsequent 31 March specified in the plan. An aerodrome security plan ceases to be in force if the aerodrome to which it relates ceases to be one to which this Part applies. If there is a dispute about security planning for an aerodrome which relates to an aerodrome security plan which is not in force, the Secretary of State may direct that the plan is to come into force at the beginning of a day other than that specified in subsection (2)(a) or (3)(a). 24AG Security executive groups The manager of an aerodrome must establish a group (“the security executive group”) for the aerodrome. The group is to consist of— a representative of the manager of the aerodrome, 112 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the chief officer of police for the relevant police area or a representative of the chief officer, a representative of the police authority for the relevant police area, if the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs so request, a representative of the Commissioners, if the Serious Organised Crime Agency so request, a representative of the Agency, the individual nominated under subsection (3), and any individuals nominated under subsections (4) to (6). The manager of the aerodrome must nominate as a member of the group an individual who appears to the manager to represent the interests of the operators of aircraft that take off from, or land at, the aerodrome. The Secretary of State may at any time nominate as a member of the group an official of the Secretary of State who exercises functions relating to immigration. The manager of the aerodrome or the Secretary of State may at any time nominate as a member of the group an individual who is, or who appears to the manager or (as the case may be) the Secretary of State to represent the interests of, a particular relevant person within section 24AE(4)(c) to (e). The manager of the aerodrome or the Secretary of State may at any time nominate as a member of the group an individual who appears to the manager or (as the case may be) the Secretary of State to represent the interests of any description of relevant persons within section 24AE(4)(c) to (e). More than one individual may be nominated under subsection (5) or (6) (but not in relation to the same relevant person or description of relevant persons). The group must permit