subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(3) In this section a reference to Òcontrolled drugsÓ does not include a reference to temporary class drugs (see instead section 7A).Ó. 11 In section 11 (power to direct special precautions for safe custody of controlled drugs to be taken at certain premises), in subsection (1) after Òof this ActÓ insert Ò or by provision made in a temporary class drug order by virtue of section 7A that is of a corresponding description to such regulations Ó. 12 (1) Section 13 (directions prohibiting prescribing, supply etc of controlled drugs by practitioners in other cases) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) after Òsection 10(2) of this ActÓ insert Ò or of corresponding provision made in a temporary class drug order Ó, and (b) after Òsaid paragraph (i)Ó insert Ò or of any such corresponding provision Ó. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) For the purposes of subsection (1), provision made in a temporary class drug order is Òcorresponding provisionÓ if itÑ (a) is made by virtue of section 7A(2)(d), and (b) is of a corresponding description to regulations made in pursuance of section 10(2)(h) or (as the case may be) 10(2)(i).Ó. 344 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 13 In section 18 (miscellaneous offences), after subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(5) In this section (and in references in Schedule 4 that refer to this section), any reference to regulations made under this Act is to be taken as including a reference to provision made in a temporary class drug order by virtue of section 7A. (6) For this purpose, a reference in subsection (1) or (2) to regulations made in pursuance of section 10(2)(h) or (i) is a reference to any provision of a temporary class drug order whichÑ (a) is made by virtue of section 7A(2)(d), and (b) is of a corresponding description to regulations made in pursuance of section 10(2)(h) or (as the case may be) (i).Ó. 14 In section 22 (further power to make regulations)Ñ (a) renumber the existing provision as subsection (1), and (b) after that subsection insertÑ Ò(2) The power to make regulations under this section does not apply in relation to temporary class drugs (see instead section 7A).Ó. 15 (1) Section 23 (powers to search and obtain evidence) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (2) after Òany regulationsÓ insert Ò or orders Ó. (3) In subsection (3)(a) after Òany regulationsÓ insert Ò or orders Ó. 16 After section 23 insertÑ Ò23A Temporary class drugs: further power to search, seize and detain (1) Subsection (3) applies in any case whereÑ (a) a constable has reasonable grounds to suspect that a person (ÒPÓ) is in possession of a temporary class drug, and (b)