issue a variable penalty fine https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/environment-agency-enforcement-and-sanctions-policy/ environment-agency-enforcement-and-sanctions-policy The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 41 Local Authorities, Arms Length Management Organisations and Tenant Management Organisations will also be held to account 68. Social tenants should receive the same level of service, regardless of who their landlord is. The regulator currently has limited interaction with local authorities as they are not subject to the governance and viability standard or the value for money standard. The changes set out to deliver proactive oversight of consumer standards will provide the regulator with greater oversight of the performance of local authoritiesÕ landlord function. 69. Local authorities sometimes contract out the management of some or all of their homes to Arms Length Management Organisations. Council tenants can also create Tenant Management Organisations to manage the housing themselves. Local authorities remain the landlord for housing managed by such organisations and are responsible for ensuring these homes meet the regulatorÕs consumer standards. 70. Contractual arrangements between local authority landlords and Arms Length Management Organisations should not create barriers to the regulator using its powers. Local authorities that contract out management services to Arms Length Management Organisations should ensure their agreements with armÕs length bodies do not prevent the regulator from acting in the event of non- compliance with the consumer standards. We will legislate to make it explicit that provisions in contracts between local authorities and Arms Length Management Organisations or Tenant Management Organisations would be deemed void if they hindered the Regulator of Social Housing in its exercise of its powers. Ahead of this, we will ask all local authorities that contract out social housing management services to review their contracts to ensure they do not hinder the Regulator of Social Housing in its exercise of its powers. 71. Tenant Management Organisations are formed when council tenants exercise their Right to Manage. The Right to Manage Regulations set the statutory framework to establish a Tenant Management Organisation. The regulations are supported by statutory guidance including the Modular Management Agreement which sets out the arrangements governing the relationship between local authorities and Tenant Management Organisations. 72. We heard of good work that some Tenant Management Organisations do in delivering services and additional benefits to their communities. We also heard that the guidance could be clearer on the responsibilities of Tenant Management Organisations and local authorities. In order to ensure good management across the whole sector and to ensure oversight of Tenant Management Organisations is effective and transparent, we will review the statutory Right to Manage guidance. We will work with an expert steering group of those with knowledge of the sector to support this work. 73. There is a requirement in the regulatorÕs governance standard for housing associations and other private providers of social housing to self-refer non-compliance with all the regulatory standards. This does not currently apply to local authorities as they are not subject to the regulatorÕs governance standard. We will work with the Regulator of Social Housing to set out