1984 is amended as follows. 21 (1) Section 30CA (bail under section 30A: variation of conditions by police) is amended as follows. (2) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) If it is reasonably practicable to do so, the investigating officer must seek the views of the alleged victim (if any) of the relevant offence onÑ (a) whether any of the conditions that are relevant conditions should be varied under subsection (1), and (b) if so, what variations should be made to those conditions. (4B) The investigating officer must inform the relevant officer of any views obtained under subsection (4A). (4C) If any of the conditions which are relevant conditions are varied under subsection (1), the investigating officer must, if it is reasonably practicable to do so, notify the alleged victim of the variations. (4D) If the alleged victim of the relevant offence appears to the investigating officer to be vulnerable, subsections (4A) and (4C) apply as if references to the alleged victim of the offence were to a person appearing to the officer to represent the alleged victim.Ó (3) For subsection (5) substituteÑ Ò(5) In this sectionÑ Òinvestigating officerÓ, in relation to the relevant offence, means the constable or other person in charge of the investigation of the offence; Òrelevant conditionÓ, in relation to the relevant offence and an alleged victim of that offence, means a condition that relates to the safeguarding of the alleged victim; Òrelevant offenceÓ means the offence for which the person making the request under subsection (1) was under arrest when granted bail under section 30A(1); Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 279 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òrelevant officerÓ, in relation to a designated police station, means a custody officer but, in relation to any other police stationÑ (a) means a constable who is not involved in the investigation of the relevant offence, if such a constable is readily available, and (b) if no such constable is readily availableÑ (i) means a constable other than the one who granted bail to the person, if such a constable is readily available, and (ii) if no such constable is readily available, means the constable who granted bail. (6) For the purposes of this section a person (ÒPÓ) is an alleged victim of an offence ifÑ (a) an allegation has been made to a constable or other person involved in the investigation of the offence that P has suffered physical, mental or emotional harm, or economic loss, which was directly caused by the offence, and (b) P is