is a legal requirement that this information will be treated confidentially and only accessed for a legitimate reason: Law Enforcement Purposes or purposes covered by other policies or legal requirements. Law Enforcement Purposes are defined as: prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security. Where police officers or Wiltshire Police/OPCC staff abuse their position and view confidential information without a legitimate Law Enforcement Purpose, this serves not only to undermine the trust of the public, but could also be a breach of the Data Protection Act 2018, the Computer Misuse Act 1990, the Code of Ethics, Standards of Professional Behaviour, and Force Policy. 3. GENERAL PRINCIPLES Personnel are able to use the Wiltshire Police/OPCC IT and telephony systems for Wiltshire Police and OPCC business use and appropriate personal use as described throughout this document. The general principles are that users must: • Use the facility in a responsible manner by adhering to the Code of Ethics, the Standards of Professional Behaviour; • Comply with all existing Information Systems and Information Security policies; • Ensure they are aware of their personal responsibilities; • Not access unsuitable material; • Not use the systems for non-work related issues during working time, except during refreshment or other authorised breaks. Permission to use the systems for personal use may be withdrawn if personal use adversely affects official use. This will be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use. 4. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Force Information Security Policy Framework (ISPF) contains detailed information of the various role and responsibilities that are associated with the management of information security within the Force. 5. ACCEPTABLE USE OF ASSETS All IT devices to be used in connection with the Wiltshire Police/OPCC information must be formally configured and authorised by the ICT Department and approved by relevant information asset owners or line managers before use. Staff must follow the Agile Working and Mobile Computing Policy and must not use personally owned (e.g. bring your own devices) electronic devices to process the ForceÕs information or process force Information on non-police endorsed systems or software. All of the ICT equipment and software that you have been assigned remains the property of the Force/OPCC. You have an obligation to ensure that this equipment and software is safeguarded and only used as intended: a) You must not remove any ICT equipment from the ForceÕs premises without Line Managers approval; b) You must always take care of ICT equipment allocated for your use, and treat it as if it is your own; c) You must protect your ICT equipment against theft and unauthorised access; d) Where at all possible, you must not expose your IT equipment to any environmental hazard, such as extremes of temperature; e) You must not install any software or attempt to use any USB device that has not been authorised by the ICT Department. If you require any