data to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area. Personal data shall not be transmitted to a country or territory outside the UK unless that country or territory ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal data. The Force Data Protection Officer should be contacted if further information is required. 9. DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION AND PRIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION All Wiltshire Police officers/police and OPCC staff and 3rd parties must have a clear understanding of their personal responsibilities under the data protection legislation and how this affects the processing of personal data. Reference should be made to the Data Protection Policy. Wiltshire Police and OPCC will take criminal and/or disciplinary action against any category of person mentioned above who wilfully, without authority or defined policing purpose or other statutory or business purpose, accesses and/or misuses personal data held by either the Force or PCC. Any use of personal data that does not have a defined policing or other statutory or business purpose is likely to constitute a misuse. 10. COMPUTER MISUSE LEGISLATION All users must comply with the Computer Misuse Act 1990. The Computer Misuse Act, generally aimed at computer ÔhackingÕ, specifies offences for any unauthorised access to internal organisational systems. The Act introduces three basic criminal acts: • Unauthorised access; • Unauthorised access with intent to commit a further serious offence; • Unauthorised modification of computer material. Staff (and other authorised users) must only access systems they are authorised to use. It is an offence to knowingly gain unauthorised access to a computer system, and this could result in a fine or imprisonment. 11. SITE SECURITY Physical security involves protecting Wiltshire Police & OPCC premises, staff, information and ICT assets from unauthorised physical access and physical security threats, e.g. fire and wilful damage. All Wiltshire Police & OPCC staff must support site security requirements and adhere to the Physical Security Policy. 12. REMOVAL OF PROPERTY AND SECURITY OF EQUIPMENT OFF-PREMISES All staff are responsible for protecting authorised off-site equipment (allocated to them) against physical security threats and unauthorised access. Staff must also ensure that off-site Force information is securely handled in line with the ForceÕs Information Management Policy. 13. PASSWORD SECURITY Passwords are a key control to maintain information security. They help ensure that only authorised persons have access to the ForceÕs IT network and systems. Passwords MUST NOT be easily identifiable/guessable or contain personal information that could be easily identified by hackers (e.g. names, dates, sports teams, pet names, vehicle registration numbers). In order for your password to be effective and remain secure, you must comply with the Password Policy which details the length and composition requirements for Force passwords. You should avoid writing your passwords down, whether itÕs in your mobile phone or on a post-it note. It might seem like a helpful way to remember them, but if they get into the wrong hands it could put you and your account