copy of the birth certificate within 14 days of the birth - if the birth certificate has yet to be issued after this period, a signed declaration stating the date and location of the child's birth will suffice); and • the name and address of the other parent's employer (or a declaration that the other parent has no employer). You have 14 days from the date of the request to send the organisation the required information. 7.9 Variation or cancellation of notice of entitlement and intention You can vary or cancel your proposed shared parental leave dates following the submission of a notice of entitlement and intention, provided that you provide the organisation with a written notice. The written notice must contain: • an indication as to when you intend to take shared parental leave (including the start and end dates for each period of leave); • details of any periods of shared parental leave that have been notified through a period of leave notice; • details of any periods of statutory shared parental pay that have been notified in relation to periods where shared parental leave was not to be taken; and • a declaration signed by both you and your partner that you agree to the variation. Any indication of leave intended to be taken that you provide in a variation of notice of entitlement and intention, is non-binding until you provide a period of leave notice in relation to that period of leave. There is no limit on the number of variations of notice of entitlement and intention that you can make. 7.10 Individual's period of leave notice To take a period of shared parental leave, you must provide the organisation with a written notice setting out the start and end dates of each period of shared parental leave requested in that notice. A period of leave notice must be given not less than eight weeks before the start date of the first period of shared parental leave requested in the notice. The notice may be given at the same time as a notice of entitlement and intention and can be a request for a continuous period of leave or discontinuous periods of leave. 7.11 Variation or cancellation of period of leave notice You can vary or cancel your proposed shared parental leave dates following the submission of a period of leave notice, provided that you provide Wiltshire Police and your partners employer if different, with a written notice not less than eight weeks before any period of leave varied or cancelled by the notice is due to commence. The written notice can: • vary the start date or the end date of any period of shared parental leave or cancel a request for leave; • request that a continuous period of leave become discontinuous periods of leave; or • request that discontinuous periods of leave become a continuous period of leave. 7.12 Limit on number of requests for leave You can provide a combined total of