solely to assist the police force maintained by that authority or body; (c) the chief officers' powers of direction and control referred to include powers of engagement and dismissal. Seconded staff 8 In the case of a person who, immediately before the relevant commencement time, is seconded to the existing police authority for a police area, the secondment is to have effect, after that time, as a secondment to the new policing body for that police area. Interpretation 9 In this Part Òrelevant commencement timeÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996, the time when section 1 comes into force in relation to that area; (b) in relation to the metropolitan police district, the time when section 3 comes into force. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 241 PART 3 SUBSEQUENT TRANSFER BY NEW POLICING BODY Power to direct new policing body to make transfer scheme 10 (1) The Secretary of State may direct a new policing bodyÑ (a) to make one or more transfer schemes, and (b) to submit such a scheme to the Secretary of State for approval. (2) If the Secretary of State gives a direction under sub-paragraph (1)(b), the Secretary of State mayÑ (a) approve the scheme as submitted, (b) approve the scheme with modifications, or (c) reject the scheme. (3) Before making a decision under sub-paragraph (2), the Secretary of State mustÑ (a) consult the new policing body, and (b) if the scheme includes provision about the transfer of staff, consult persons who, in the Secretary of State's opinion, represent the views of the staff concerned. (4) If the Secretary of State gives a direction under sub-paragraph (1)(b), the new policing bodyÑ (a) must not make the scheme unless the Secretary of State approves it, and (b) if the Secretary of State approves the scheme with modifications, must make it with those modifications. (5) A direction under this paragraphÑ (a) must be in writing; and (b) may be varied or revoked by a further direction. 11 (1) The Secretary of State may make one or more transfer schemes in relation to a new policing body ifÑ (a) the body does not comply with a direction given to it under paragraph 10, or (b) the Secretary of State decides not to approve one or more schemes submitted by that body under paragraph 10. (2) A scheme made by the Secretary of State under this paragraph is to be treated as if made by the new policing body. 242 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are