relation to which the requirements in subsection (2) (b) to (d) are met). (4) A warrant under this section is a warrant that authorises a constable of the relevant force, for the purposes referred to in subsection (2)(c)Ñ (a) to enter the premises to which it relates, and (b) to search the premises or, if the premises are multiple occupancy premises, the relevant parts of the premises. (5) A warrant under this section mayÑ (a) authorise the constable executing it to use reasonable force if necessary to enter and search the premises; (b) authorise entry to, and search of, the premises on more than one occasion (whether on a certain number of occasions or without limit), so far as the justice who issues the warrant is satisfied that such authorisation is necessary for the purposes referred to in subsection (2) (c). (6) For the purposes of subsection (4)Ñ (1) 234 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 4 Ð Management of terrorist offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) Òmultiple occupancy premisesÓ are premises at which two or more individuals who are not members of the same household reside; (b) the reference to the Òrelevant partsÓ of multiple occupancy premises is to those parts of the premises to which the constable has reasonable grounds for believing that the person to whom the warrant relates has access. (7) Subsection (5) of section 43B applies for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that section. (8) In this section Òrelevant offenderÓ meansÑ (a) a prisoner to whom Chapter 6 of Part 12 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 applies (release of fixed-term prisoners); (b) a life prisoner within the meaning of Chapter 2 of Part 2 of the Crime (Sentences) Act 1997 (see section 34 of that Act); (c) a short-term prisoner, long-term prisoner or life prisoner within the meaning of Part 1 of the Prisoners and Criminal Proceedings (Scotland) Act 1993 (see section 27 of that Act); (d) a fixed-term prisoner within the meaning of Chapter 4 of Part 2 of the Criminal Justice (Northern Ireland) Order 2008 (S.I. 2008/1216 (N.I. 1)) (see Article 16 of that Order); (e) a life prisoner within the meaning of the Life Sentences (Northern Ireland) Order 2001 (S.I. 2001/2564 (N.I. 2)) (see Article 2 of that Order). (9) In this sectionÑ ÒjusticeÓ meansÑ (a) a justice of the peace in England and Wales, (b) a sheriff or summary sheriff in Scotland, or (c) a lay magistrate in Northern