Mental Health (Care and Treatment) Scotland Act 2003 do not count towards prohibition, although they might be relevant to fitness and public safety. 5.7 A court in England and Wales that imposes a suspended sentence may order the forfeiture of a firearm or cancel a firearm or shot gun certificate. Even if a court does not make such an order, chief officers of police have the power to revoke a firearm or shot gun certificate in certain circumstances. The fact that an order has been made under section 52 of the 1968 Act in respect of the applicant (notwithstanding that only a suspended sentence was passed) might also be regarded by chief officers as giving them reason to believe that the applicant is unfit to be entrusted or to possess a firearm or shot gun without danger to the public safety or to the peace. 5.8 Since 14 July 2014 suspended sentences have attracted the prohibition imposed by section 21 of the 1968 Act. Section 110 of the Anti-social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014 extended the definition of a prohibited person to include persons with suspended sentences of three months or more. The period of prohibition of five years begins on the second day after the date on which sentence has been passed so that a person who is in possession of a firearm or ammunition is not in immediate breach of the law when the sentence is passed. This timescale therefore provides an opportunity for a person to make arrangements to transfer or dispose of their firearm or ammunition. 5.9 Since 14 July 2014 persons prohibited from possessing firearms under section 21 (including those with suspended sentences) are also unable to possess antique firearms (see Chapter 8). 5.10 A person who has served a custodial sentence is informed of the provisions of section 21 of the 1968 Act on release. Section 21(6) of the 1968 Act enables a person who is prohibited by the provisions of the section to apply to the Crown Court (or the Sheriff in Scotland) in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 to the 1968 Act for the removal of the prohibition. This is usually done where the offence has not involved violence or firearms. Nevertheless, the removal of the prohibition can be opposed by the police and courts have ruled that possession of 33 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law a firearm certificate presupposed an element of trust (Gordon v Northampton Crown Court 1999). 5.11 Under section 25 of the 1968 Act it is an offence for a person to sell or transfer a firearm or ammunition to, or to repair, prove or test any firearm or ammunition for another person whom they know, or have reasonable cause to believe, to be drunk or of unsound mind. 5.12 Restrictions on the possession, purchase and acquisition of firearms and ammunition by young people and on the sale and transfer to them are dealt with separately in Chapter 7. Firearms and ammunition for which a