Improving Police Productivity A response to the recommendations of the Policing Productivity Review. 23 April 2024 © Crown Copyright 2024 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open- government-licence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gsi.gov.uk. Where we have identified any third party Copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the Copyright holders concerned. This publication is available at www.gov.uk/government/publications/policing-productivity- review. Contents Ministerial Foreword 4 Productivity in Policing 6 Why Policing Productivity Matters 6 The Foundation for Improvement 6 Driving Improvement through Science and Technology 10 Police Workforce 12 Barriers to Productivity 14 Home Office Counting Rules 14 Criminal Justice System (CJS) 14 Mental Health Demand and Policing 15 Looking Ahead 18 Ministerial Foreword Improving productivity across the public sector is a priority for this government. Maximising the value of every pound spent means focusing on the outcomes that matter the most to the public. Nowhere is this more important than in policing. Policing will receive up to £18.4 billion in 2024/25, and we have invested over £3 billion in recruiting an additional 20,000 officers since 2019. It is vital that the public get the full benefits of this investment. That means ensuring our police officers are able to do their jobs effectively and stripping away the unnecessary barriers they face. We welcome the ambition that policing has shown in the independent Review of Policing Productivity, which was published in the autumn of 2023. The Review identified many opportunities for policing to improve productivity, with the potential to save 38 million hours of police officer time every year. That would be the equivalent of another 20,000 officers on our streets. This is a challenging target, but we know that policing can rise to it, implement the ReviewÕs recommendations, and realise the potential benefits. We want to see police officers focused on core policing, catching criminals, and protecting the public. The Government has an important part to play in this. This response sets out what we are doing. We are going further than the Review recommended, demonstrating the strength of our commitment to improving productivity and outcomes. As set out at Spring Budget, the Government has committed an additional £234 million, over four years, to the improvement of police productivity. This will bring our additional investment into technology and innovation within policing in 2024/25 to over £65 million. It includes measures such as facial recognition, drones as first responders, redaction, rapid video response, automated triage of 101 calls, knife detection, and robotic process automation. It will also help prepare policing for both the challenges and benefits bought by advances in artificial intelligence. We will create a new Centre for Police Productivity, based in the College of Policing. This will be established from autumn 2024 and will set the foundations necessary for policing to deliver the 38 million police officer hours identified by the independent