Costings and advocacy costs for guilty plea, cracked and effective trials. Source: MoJ internal analysis, 2013 Extension of extra territorial jurisdiction The key limitation of the Activity Based Costings model is that it is built purely on staff time and excludes accommodation and other ancillary costs (e.g. those associated with complex cases and witness care). II also relies on several assumptions. This could mean there is a risk that costs are underestimated. For further information about how Crown Prosecution Service Activity Based Costings costs are calculated please see the following Crown Prosecution Service guidance (Crown Prosecution Service, 2012): http://www.cps.gov.uk/publicalions/finance/abc guid e.pdf. • The estimated Crown Prosecution Service costs consist of two broad categories, advocacy costs and preparation of case costs; these are based áon Crown Prosecution Service experience in . prnseculing extraterritoria_lj_u_ri_sd_i_c_tio_n_c_a_se_s_. Extra territoria.I jurisdiction cases are likely to be complex, which impacts on the preparation of the case. Each case will be treated on its merits, and there is a risk thatthe Crown Prosecution Service costs could be higher or lower. -----á < Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service costs (Magistrates' Courts) Timings data for offence categories: To generate the costs by offence categories, Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service timings data for each offence group were applied to court costs per sitting day. Magistrates Court costs are £1,200 per sitting day in 2012/13 prices. A sitting day is assumed to be 5 hours. Source: Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service costs are .based on average judicial and staff costs, found at Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service Annual Report and Accounts 2012-13. Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service timings data from the Activity based costing model, the Timeliness Analysis Report data set and the costing process. • The timings data are based on the time that a legal advisor is present in court. This is used as a proxy for court time. Please note that, there may be a difference in average hearing limes as there is no timing available e.g. when a District Judge (Magistrates Court) sits. • Timings do not lake into account associated admin time related with having a case in court. This could mean that costings are an underestimate. There is some information is available on admin time, however we have excluded it for simplicity. • The timings are collection of data from February 2009. Any difference in these timings could influence costings. • The data also excludes any adjournments (although the Activity Based Costings mode.I does), and is based on a case going through either one guilty plea trial (no trial) or one effective trial. However a combination of cracked, ineffective and effective trials could occur in the case route. As a • - Assumption Risks/Limitations result the costings could ultimately be underestimates. • Guilty plea proportions at the Initial hearing from Q2 in 2012 are used, based on the Time Analysis Report. As these can fluctuate, any changes In these proportions could influence court calculations (effective trials take longer in court than