where possible. The vessels undertaking the recovery operations should be instructed to identify, wherever possible, the coordinates of where the deceased person or human remains were recovered. The vessel should land the deceased and human remains at the designated landing location(s). Road traffic collisions Retrieving the deceased from the scene of a fatal road traffic collision can be a challenging and complicated process. Very careful consideration needs to be given to the deployment of police DVI teams at a fatal road traffic collision. See also APP on Roads policing. Recovery actions There are five aspects of recovery from a scene: recovering deceased persons recovering human remains recovering personal property recovering evidential property recovering technical property - items that may be required for any technical enquiry being conducted by: the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) Air Accident Investigation Branch (AAIB) Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) any other organisation Where more than one aspect applies to a recovered item, the SIM, SIO and lead investigator (or their representatives) must liaise with each other. They should agree how that item is to be treated, who will take Recovering deceased persons or human remains When deceased persons or human remains are located and the ROLE process has been completed, a member of the victim recovery team should conduct an initial visual check. This is to note any obvious evidence that may help to identify the deceased. The situation of the deceased is recorded in situ. The teamÕs documentation officer or team leader commences the audit trail on the disaster victim recovery form. They should use the approved label with the unique reference number and barcode. This information is recorded alongside the deceased or human remains while they are still in situ. Any personal property on or near the deceased or human remains is also recorded in situ to provide context about the find. Retrieving personal property The SERM should agree a protocol with the SIM and SIO for roles and responsibilities of recovery teams. The SIM should develop a policy for retrieving personal property, including the documentation and audit trail required. This policy should include whether a separate property exhibits officer is appointed to assume responsibility for items retrieved from the scene of a mass fatality incident. Only items found on or attached to deceased persons should accompany them to the mortuary. Other property, including property found lying on top of a person, should be treated as a separate item and recorded as such. There may be personal property linked to deceased persons or human remains that offers evidence of potential identity. This could include identification documentation. These items should be photographed with the body, giving the position in which, they were seen on the body. The item may be removed for checking. A detailed record of the information given, as well as the location of the item, should be made in the disaster victim recovery form scene notes section. These items should be recovered with the deceased, placed