can be made of various insulating materials, ranging from virtually non-combustible through to highly combustible. Differing fire hazards are associated with common types of insulation, when the panels are subjected to certain temperatures. Typical examples are: • Mineral rock/modified phenolic will produce surface char and little smoke or gaseous combustion products, at temperatures above 230¡C. • Polyisocyanurate (PIR)/polyurethane (PUR) will char and will generate smoke and gaseous combustion products, at temperatures above 430¡C PIR and 300¡C PUR. • Expanded polystyrene (EPS) will melt and will generate smoke and gaseous combustion products, at temperatures above 430¡C PIR. Insulation charring can lead to panel delamination/ collapse, and the gaseous combustion products can fill areas with the toxic gases carbon monoxide and styrene. A number of fires in buildings where insulated panels have been used extensively in the fabric of the building have highlighted the particular dangers that may be associated with this form of construction, i.e. where the fabric of the building can contribute to the fire hazards. In a fire the following may occur: • early buckling and falling away of the facing materials; • burning of the combustible insulating material; • production of large quantities of dense, toxic smoke; • rapid heat generation; • early loss of structural strength can result if the system has not been properly designed, and this can lead to the collapse of the wall, partition or ceiling; • there may be cavities in older buildings where the panels are used as an internal envelope, enabling fire to spread unnoticed and possibly unchecked by fire barriers. Once installed it is difficult to identify the core material of a panel and its potential fire hazard. The following best practise can help you reduce risks associated with insulated panels. • Do not install heating appliances, such as ovens, against the panels. Operate a clear distance policy for cooking systems. • Control ignition sources that are adjacent to, or penetrating the panels. 48 • Control hot working. • Check for damage to heater tapes used to prevent ice build-up at doors. • Do not store highly combustible materials against panels or allow rubbish to collect against panels. • Have damaged panels or sealed joints repaired immediately and make sure that jointing compounds or gaskets used around the edges of the panels are in good order. • Check where openings have been made for doors, windows, cables and ducts to ensure that these have been effectively sealed and the inner core has not been exposed. • Check that there has been no mechanical damage and repair any that has occured, e.g. caused by mobile equipment such as fork lift trucks. • Ensure that any loads, such as storage and equipment, are only supported by panels which have been designed and installed to perform this function. • Check that the inner and outer skins are adhering tightly to the core. • Ensure that the panels are correctly secured to the structure or are designed to be independently structurally secure. One solution