The term Òtrophy of warÓ is not defined in legislation but is generally held to refer to firearms either carried on active service or captured from the enemy. The term may 107 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law be interpreted fairly widely when persons of good repute wish to retain possession of a firearm without the associated ammunition, providing that it is not government property. Weapons issued or captured after the Second World War are government property and their retention is not permitted. This applies to weapons brought back from other conflicts, for example, the Falklands campaign in 1982 and the Gulf War in 1990-91, or more recently Afghanistan or Iraq. All persons retaining trophies of war must hold a certificate. The Firearms (Fees) Regulations 2019 (SI 2019/1169) specify the fee payable to recover the costs of the Home Office and Scottish Government in administering an application for section 5 authority to allow for the initial possession of the prohibited firearm. Section 32(4) of the 1968 Act specifies that a fee is not payable in relation to the firearms certificate that may be subsequently issued by the police. No ammunition should be included on a certificate relating solely to a trophy of war. Handguns may be retained as trophies of war under section 6 of the 1997 Act without obtaining the authority of the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers, however, this is provided that the person is authorised to possess it by a firearm certificate, and provided that the trophy of war was acquired before 1st Jan 1946. 12.63 Firearms acquired from the original holder and no longer held as family heirlooms should not normally be regarded as Òtrophies of warÓ and should be subject to the normal firearm certificate procedure. They may qualify for Section 7.1 or 7.3 status under the 1997 Act. Firearms recovered from wrecked ships and crashed military aircraft cannot be regarded as trophies of war and their retention, unless authorised by the Receiver of Wreck or the Ministry of Defence, cannot be authorised. 12.64 The provisions of section 6 of the 1997 Act make no mention of the inheritance of handguns held as trophies of war so these cannot be inherited directly under those provisions. However, the Home Office is prepared, in principle, to grant the Secretary of StateÕs authority to allow new heirs to inherit such weapons, and they may then be entered on the heirÕs certificate as Òtrophies of warÓ in the usual way. Signalling apparatus 12.65 Signalling apparatus may include flare pistols of up to one-and-a-half inch (37mm) calibre, and pen-type launchers for distress flares, as well as bird scaring apparatus used at airports or for agricultural bird scaring, where use of a conventional shot gun would be inappropriate. Permission to possess such items is normally granted to shipsÕ masters as part of shipsÕ equipment, to small boat owners, to harbour or airport employees, farms/ estate managers (bird scaring) or to members of mountain rescue teams. Deerstalkers, wildfowlers or hill walkers