a hearing to ensure a parent or guardian attends, so that the court does not need to require their attendance. 9.3. The process of applying for an injunction The process for applying for an injunction are set out in the Civil Procedure Rules and the Magistrates Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related violence) Rules 2015. Applications relating to an adult Applications relating to 14 to 17 year olds Section VIII of Part 65 of the Civil Procedure Rules and Practice Direction 65 sets out the process for applying for a gang injunction for an individual aged 18 or over. Rule 3 of the MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related violence) Rules 2015 set out the process for applying for a gang injunctions for an individual who is aged between 14 and 17 years old. Different procedures apply for Ôwith noticeÕ and Ôwithout notice applicationsÕ. 9.3.1. Documents to be provided to the court The lead individual in charge of the case should arrange for the application form to be completed and filed at the court. This should be submitted alongside a draft of the proposed gang injunction and a brief overview of evidence to support the application. Detailed evidence should be reserved for the hearing. Applications relating to an adult Applications relating to 14 to 17 year olds Applications for adult gang injunction must use the Form N16A for an appropriate filing Applications for youth gang injunctions should be made to the court by Ôcomplaint for a youth gang injunctionÕ using Form MC200. Applicants should be aware that information recorded on the MC200 could be accessed by a third party. Particular consideration should be given to this in respect to under 18s. 13 Section 40(2) of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. 14 Section 40(3) of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. 28 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 9.3.2. Fee to be paid Please refer to the current Fees Order(s) for details of the application fees.15 The fee is paid to commence proceedings. No other payment is required. 9.3.3. How to prepare a court file for an application Applicants are advised to prepare a court file to support their application: Applications relating to an adult Applications relating to 14 to 17 year olds For adult injunctions ,a minimum of five bundles may be prepared as follows: • one for the court; • one for the applicantÕs solicitor; • one for the witness box; • one for the respondentÕs solicitor (for Ôwith noticeÕ applications only); and • one for the respondent; (for Ôwith noticeÕ applications only). For youth Injunctions , a minimum of six bundles may be prepared as follows: • four for the court; • one for the applicantÕs solicitor; • one for the respondentÕs solicitor (for Õwith noticeÕ applications only). The files should be in loose-leaf format (in an A4 ring binder) and should be indexed and the pages numbered. The index and contents should include, as appropriate: • the application for the injunction including a draft injunction for