carrying area, the responsible person should ensure that the lid or cover is in place. In the absence of such a lid or cover, the items should be covered or concealed in such a way as to prevent their identification. 10. In the interests of safety, the person possessing the explosives in carriage should ensure that all occupants of the vehicle are aware that potential hazards, such as smoking, naked flames or sparks are strictly forbidden inside or close to the vehicle. 1. ANNEX D STANDARDS REFERRED TO WITHIN THE TEXT OF THE HANDBOOK STS 202 / STS 201 Burglary rating for doors and widows LPS 2081 Burglary rating for doors and windows BS 7558 : 1992 Specifications for gun cabinets BS 3621 : 2017 Thief resistant locks for hinged doors CEN 4 Specifications for padlocks BS 4737 : 3.30:2015 Intruder alarm systems in buildings BS EN 50131-2017 Wire free intruder alarm systems BS 8220 Security of buildings against crime Part 1 Ð Dwellings BS PAS 024 : 2016 Specification for doors of enhanced security PAS 24 2016 Windows of enhanced security BS EN 356:2000 (Under Review) Specification for anti-bandit glazing (glazing resistant to manual attack) BS 5337 : 2007 Code of practice for the installation of security glazing LPS 1175 Loss prevention standard Ð The Loss Prevention Certification Board Specification for testing and classifying the burglary resistance of building components, strong points and security enclosures. Guidance Fly-tipping: council responsibilities How local authorities must deal with fly-tipping and the penalties they can charge. From: Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (/government/organisations/department-for-environment-food-rural-affairs) Published 27 June 2016 Last updated 28 March 2024 Ñ Fly-tipping is illegal dumping of liquid or solid waste on land or in water. The waste is usually dumped to avoid disposal costs. Fly-tipping: your responsibilities Assess the incident You must gather as much information as you can about: the circumstances, for example if anyone witnessed the fly-tipping, the date and time it happened and a description of any vehicles involved land type, for example relevant land (https://www.gov.uk/guidance/litter-and-refuse- council-responsibilities-to-keep-land-clear#land-councils-must-keep-clear) or privately owned location, for example highway verge, back alleyway, railway embankment or river the amount and type of waste, for example solid, liquid or gas its potential effects, for example how it may harm people, animals or the environment Fly-tipping on land You must remove and dispose of all fly-tipped waste if itÕs on relevant land (https://www.gov.uk/guidance/litter-and-refuse-council-responsibilities-to-keep-land- clear#land-councils-must-keep-clear). However, you need to contact the Environment Ag ency (https://www.gov.uk/government/org anisations/environment-agency#org -contacts) if the illegally dumped waste is: more than 20 tonnes (about 20 cubic metres) more than 5 cubic metres of fibrous asbestos or 75 litres of potentially hazardous waste in drums or containers possibly linked to criminal business activity or organised crime Only refer small amounts of fly-tipping if you know itÕs linked to crime - you may want to develop a local agreement with the Environment Agency and other partners where there is a known waste crime problem. If you find asbestos in the waste, report the