to safety, to quality, to family, to life free from the blight of crime and anti- social behaviour, to the opportunity to move from rent to ownership, where this is possible. I want housing associations and local councils to ensure that those who live in social housing are treated with dignity and respect. The interests and perspective of residents must be given greater prominence in service delivery. And when things go wrong, as they inevitably sometimes do, tenants should be able to seek redress and know that they will be heard. No one should accept poor service, nor show deference to those that provide it. Landlords should welcome the views of their tenants as a route to better management. I want tenants to feel protected and empowered by a regulatory regime and a culture of transparency, accountability, decency and service befitting of the best intentions and traditions of social housing in this country. I hope the ideas and regulatory changes we set out in this White Paper will make a measurable difference to the experiences of those living in EnglandÕs four million social homes in the years ahead. The Rt. Hon. Robert Jenrick Secretary of State for Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government ÒThis Charter for Social Housing Residents sets out to raise the standard of social housing and meet the aspirations of residents throughout the country, today and in the future.Ó The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 7 Executive Summary A home should always be more than just four walls and a roof. A home should provide safety, security and dignity. An opportunity to put down roots and contribute to our community so we can enjoy social and civic lives. Regardless of who you rent from, your landlord should treat you fairly and with respect. And if things go wrong there should be a swift and effective means of redress. We all have these expectations, but for some social housing residents they have not always been met. This White Paper seeks to change that, establishing a new Charter for social housing residents. This country has a long tradition of providing homes for those most in need, going back many centuries. The first recorded almshouse was founded in York by King Athelstan. The oldest still in existence is the Hospital of St Cross in Winchester, dating to about 1132. During the nineteenth century and early twentieth century, great philanthropists and social reformers changed the face of housing. They recognised that good quality homes with open space and amenities were essential to overcoming the chronic public health challenges of the time. Model villages such as George CadburyÕs Bournville in Birmingham, Joseph RowntreeÕs New Earswick in York, and George PeabodyÕs and Octavia HillÕs developments in inner city London were born. Octavia Hill said her aim was to Ômake lives noble, homes happy and family life goodÕ. From the 1890s, some local councils started to build social housing. This was given a huge boost by the Addison