is hearing evidence currently and will present its recommendations in due course, which we will use to inform our future considerations. 49. Continuing to monitor and evaluate the evidence. Notwithstanding all of the arguments and existing evidence set out in this response, the Government remains committed to taking whatever action is necessary to protect the safety of every child. We recognise past failures where children have been let down, and the progress still needed to realise our vision of services which always deliver the support children need at the time they need it. It has been valuable to explore these issues and to give proposed new statutory measures thorough consideration. However it is evident that there is not generally a demand for this proposal from those working in the sector or more generally from those responding to our consultation. We have also considered the effectiveness of the proposal under an assumption that greater resources could be made available, for instance for more social workers working at the front door of social care, or to fund assessment of a greater number of children. Even approached this way, at the current time, the case for a mandatory reporting duty has not been made, but we will remain open-minded should an emerging body of evidence or a new policy landscape change that. 50. We will continue to evaluate whether our reform programme is having the intended impact once fully implemented, in addition to continuing to assess any new or different evidence on mandatory reporting. The new Child Safeguarding Practice Review Panel will identify consistent and systemic errors in how children are protected, including any recurring issues around reporting, and this will be valuable to our ongoing assessment. We will also in particular be interested to understand evidence emerging from the recent introduction of a mandatory reporting duty in Wales placed at an organisational level, and any other new international evidence, to consider whether this alters the conclusions we have drawn from the current evidence. The same applies to the mandatory reporting duty for female genital mutilation, which came into force in 2015, informed by monitoring the impact this has had in practice. If the evidence strongly suggested that a mandatory reporting duty was likely to improve outcomes for children, whether now or at a future time, the Government would not hesitate to act to make the reforms necessary. 11 Analysis of consultation responses The consultation approach 51. On 21 July 2016, the Government launched a 12-week public consultation exercise to seek views on the key issues in the current system and whether to introduce new statutory measures focused on reporting and acting on child abuse and neglect, in addition to our ongoing programme of wide-ranging reforms. 52. The consultation closed on 13 October 2016 and we received 768 responses. In addition, we held a roundtable meeting chaired by the then Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Vulnerability, Safeguarding and Countering Extremism, Sarah Newton MP. The event was held in Rotherham and was attended