and procedure formation and implementation all Force policies and procedures must: 1. Be drafted on the current form for drafting and submitting a new policy. 2. Equality Impact assessed. 3. Approved and signed off at the appropriate level. For most policies and procedures this will be the relevant Chief Officer Group lead or relevant representative body (e.g. Health and Safety Committee). Politically or strategically sensitive policies and procedures must be approved by the Chief Officer Group. Full details on the correct level of approval can be found in appendix A (below). 4. Be published on the SharePoint Policy Library. Only those policy and procedure documents (including Authorised Professional Practice or NPCC Guides adopted as Force Policy) published on the Policy Library will be considered to be official Force Policy documents. POLICY AIM. The aim of this policy is to ensure that a robust corporate framework exists that ensures the successful implementation of Force strategy, mission, vision and values by providing a clear articulation of the way Wiltshire Police develops, manages and reviews its policy and procedures. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all Police Officers, Police Staff, Special Constabulary and Volunteers. RELATED DOCUMENTS and Authorised Professional Practice. This policy applies to all existing and new internal Wiltshire Police policies and procedures. DATA PROTECTION AND FREEDOM OF INFORMATION. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT. This policy has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act 1988 and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this policy are responsible for ensuring that in its application, those to whom the policy applies, shall not receive less favourable treatment because of their age, colour, disability, ethnic or national origin, gender re-assignment, marital status, nationality, race, religion, sex or sexual orientation. This policy has been subject to an equality impact assessment and has been graded Low Impact. Appendix A: Approval routes for Force Policy and Procedures. The appropriate approval level for all new and substantially amended policies and procedures is determined by the category the policy/procedure falls under: Category 1: Politically or strategically sensitive policies or procedures must be approved by the Chief Officer Group (a Category 1 policy or procedure would be one that has been created or substantially amended as a result of an IOPC investigation, HMIC inspection, legal judgement etc.). Category 2: Operational Policing policy and procedure not falling into Category 1 - must be approved by the relevant ACC for the department that owns that policy or procedure. The Head of Department is responsible for updating the ACC on the creation of a new policy. Category 3: Non-operational - must be approved by the relevant Chief Officer Group Lead for the business area creating the policy or a representative body (e.g. the Health and Safety Committee). The Head of