policing body for the area in which the premises are situated, if the application is made by a local authority; (b) the local authority, if the application is made by a local policing body. 89 Exemption from liability (1) A police officer, or the chief officer of police under whose direction or control he or she acts, is not liable for damages in proceedings forÑ (a) judicial review, or (b) the tort of negligence or misfeasance in public office, arising out of anything done or omitted to be done by the police officer in the exercise or purported exercise of a power under this Chapter. (2) A local authority is not liable for damages in proceedings forÑ (a) judicial review, or (b) the tort of negligence or misfeasance in public office, arising out of anything done or omitted to be done by the authority in the exercise or purported exercise of a power under this Chapter. (3) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply to an act or omission shown to have been in bad faith. (4) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply so as to prevent an award of damages made in respect of an act or omission on the ground that the act or omission was unlawful by virtue of section 6(1) of the Human Rights Act 1998. (5) This section does not affect any other exemption from liability (whether at common law or otherwise). 64 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 90 Compensation (1) A person who claims to have incurred financial loss in consequence of a closure notice or a closure order may apply to the appropriate court for compensation. (2) The appropriate court isÑ (a) the magistrates' court that considered the application for a closure order (except where paragraph (b) applies); (b) the Crown Court, in the case of a closure order that was made or extended by an order of that Court on an appeal under section 84. (3) An application under this section may not be heard unless it is made before the end of the period of 3 months starting with whichever of the following is applicableÑ (a) the day on which the closure notice was cancelled under section 78; (b) the day on which a closure order was refused; (c) the day on which the closure order ceased to have effect. (4) For the purposes of subsection (3)(b) the day on which