sales. 135 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 15.9 For those dealers who keep paper records there are a number of commercially produced registers on the market which take the form of a bound volume with numbered pages for individual transactions laid out across the double pages. Acquisitions on the left hand page and the corresponding disposal entries opposite. Firearms dealers are encouraged to purchase such registers but in any event the actual register used should conform to that design. Exercise books and card index systems will not be accepted. Whilst firearms dealers can continue to keep paper- based records we would continue to recommend the use of computerised records as a matter of best practice. 15.10 For records kept by means of a computer, the legislation (section 40(4A) of the 1968 Act) requires that the information required by law can be readily produced in a form which is visible and legible and can be taken away. Daily backups of data should be taken and then stored in such a way as to preserve its integrity in a disaster situation. Alternatively the system should produce a daily hard copy of transactions, dated and page numbered so that there is an effective paper trail. In order to reduce the risk of fraud, dealers should be encouraged to establish procedures involving and identifying separation of duties and accountability and to show by whom and when the daily register record was created, updated or amended. 15.11 Section 39 of the 1997 Act requires dealers records relating to firearms to be maintained for not less than 20 years from the date on which they are first entered onto the register. 15.12 Firearms dealers should also be encouraged to keep separate records for firearms, ammunition, repairs and prohibited weapons. In the last case this will be a condition of the grant of the Secretary of StateÕs authority. Certificates of registration 15.13 Section 33(4) of the 1968 Act provides that, when registered, a dealer shall be granted a certificate of registration. The Act does not provide for a prescribed form of certificate. A suitable template is available for use on the National Firearms Licensing Management System, which forces in England and Wales will be required to use. 15.14 Form 117 constitutes the certificate of registration for the dealer and lists all the premises from which the dealer operates within that police area and any conditions imposed on the principal place of business. 15.15 Form 118 is for any conditions imposed on other premises and a separate copy is completed for each premises. Forces will wish to record the issue of the certificate(s) upon the entry for each dealer in the main register. The form of certificate of registration provides for two identification numbers; the number of the entry in the register of dealers and the serial number of the certificate. The number of the entry in the register of dealers has been found useful for reference by both police and dealers and it is desirable that this