form of social infrastructure, resulting in good governance that boosts public trust; • and pragmatic approaches to national, cross-sector adoption that meaningfully advances public and private sector applications. This Roadmap sets out the requirements in each of these areas in more detail and builds on the 2017 Hall-Pesenti AI Review. Its premise is that, in most areas, what the UK needs to do is to Òdouble downÓ on the best of the investments it has already made, and to accelerate whatÕs proved to be Ôworking buildingÕ capability across organisations and sectors. Doing this is not easy, and least of all in the face of jobs at risk that could be made more vulnerable by the twin pressures of the COVID-19 pandemic and automation.12 Fundamentally, it requires commitments of a size, and for sustained timescales, that are often only possible at times of disruption such as the one the world is going through now with its response and recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. It therefore requires a degree of collective vision and of boldness, combining this leadership with the confidence to create spaces for entrepreneurism in all parts of society and the economy in order to find new ways to use AI to benefit everyone. In a small number of important areas this Roadmap points in new directions. As AI becomes more integrated into daily life, developing trustworthy technology is vital and businesses will require a novel approach to good governance and consideration of the ethical and societal implications of AI as part of the design process, with greater multi-disciplinary and cross-disciplinary approaches throughout. The UK needs to develop a world-class enabling environment with strong but flexible legislation and well- resourced, capable regulators able to provide responsive guidance and timely oversight. This Roadmap is not a draft strategy, and nor is it an instruction manual. This is a set of recommendations and we recognise it will not be possible to achieve all at once. This is why a National AI Strategy is needed to prioritise and set a time frame. We are ready to convene workshops across all of the areas laid out in this Roadmap, and more, to capture the full spectrum of thought across the UK in a way that would lend itself to the development of a UK National AI Strategy. We have set out a clear direction that we believe will accelerate the UK to a positive technological future and start the necessary conversations needed to create a strategy that will enable the whole of the UK to flourish. 12 Who is at risk?, The Royal Society for Arts, Manufactures and Commerce (October 2020) finds that, broadly speaking, industries with the highest level of furlough take-up are more likely to be at risk of automation. 1. Research, Development and Innovation aspiration to be more imaginative in ways of ensuring that research and innovation is directly responsive to the needs and aspirations of society. This last point echoes strongly the views of the AI CouncilÕs ecosystem. In addition