their financial situation and to provide the clinician with an opportunity to advise on whether the individual is fit to fulfil their current role. This process will follow in line with the Occupational Health Unit Policy and Occupational Health Unit Confidentiality Statement. • Consider seeking support from Federation/UNISON/WEPA Staff Associations / Trades Unions will be able to signpost and support individuals. 6. NON-DISCLOSURE Wiltshire Police officers and staff must be aware of the risk to their integrity that unmanageable debt/borrowing brings and this can therefore impact on public trust in the organisation. It is therefore important for our employees to know that a failure to disclose to the Force could have a significant impact on them. By definition, this could have a detrimental effect on an individualÕs security clearance or even continued suitability for employment. In all cases, where there is evidence that an individual has wilfully failed or neglected to discharge lawful debt / borrowing, consideration will be given as to whether any misconduct proceedings are appropriate. 7. CONFIDENTIALITY All information obtained, collected, processed or disclosed under the auspices of this policy will be managed in accordance with prevailing legislative and regulatory expectations and minimum standards 8. SEEKING SUPPORT Those in need of support as a consequence of unmanageable debt are encouraged to seek support at the earliest opportunity. Whilst Wiltshire Police is unable to recommend any one support organisation, individuals (or managers seeking to support an individual) will be able to obtain support from: • Occupational Health Unit • Police Federation • UNISON • Wiltshire Ethnic Police Association • APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all Police Officers, Special Constables, Police Staff, and embedded 3rd party representatives directly or indirectly involved in the delivery of policing services. While this policy may not apply to all third Party personnel, they should be made aware of their responsibility to comply with the principles enshrined in the Code of Ethics. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE • Police Act 1996 • Data Protection Act 2018 • Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 • Police (Complaints and Misconduct) Regulations 2020 • Human Rights Act 1998 • Employment Rights Act 1996 • Official Secrets Acts • Standards of Professional Behaviour • Code of Ethics • Vetting Codes of Practice / APP RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Gifts & Hospitality Policy Vetting APP Ethical Interviews Procedure NPCCAG Abuse of Position for a Sexual Purpose strategy Force Values AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE APP > Professional standards > Vetting. DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. TRAINING REQUIREMENTS While there are no specific training requirements under this policy, it is referenced as part of the annual Integrity Health Check to be conducted by all supervisors with their staff. Therefore, all line managers