of the review shall have effect as an obligation to cause another officer to make the record; any requirement for the record to be made in the presence of the arrested person shall apply to the making of that record by that other officer; and the requirements under section 40(12) and (13) above for— the arrested person, or a solicitor representing him, to be given any opportunity to make representations (whether in writing or orally) to that officer shall have effect as a requirement for that person, or such a solicitor, to be given an opportunity to make representations in a manner authorised by subsection (4) below. Representations are made in a manner authorised by this subsection— 68 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes in a case where facilities exist for the immediate transmission of written representations to the officer carrying out the review, if they are made either— orally by telephone to that officer; or in writing to that officer by means of those facilities; and in any other case, if they are made orally by telephone to that officer. In this section “video-conferencing facilities” has the same meaning as in section 45A below.” After section 45 there shall be inserted— “45A Use of video-conferencing facilities for decisions about detention (1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the Secretary of State may by regulations provide that, in the case of an arrested person who is held in a police station, some or all of the functions mentioned in subsection (2) may be performed (notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Part) by an officer who— is not present in that police station; but has access to the use of video-conferencing facilities that enable him to communicate with persons in that station. Those functions are— the functions in relation to an arrested person taken to a police station that is not a designated police station which, in the case of an arrested person taken to a station that is a designated police station, are functions of a custody officer under section 37, 38 or 40 above; and the function of carrying out a review under section 40(1)(b) above (review, by an officer of at least the rank of inspector, of the detention of person arrested but not charged). Regulations under this section shall specify the use to be made in the performance of the functions mentioned in subsection (2) above of the facilities mentioned in subsection (1) above.