ensure accountability and compliance, the DoD should also be held responsible for creating a biannual report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Failure to adhere to reporting requirements would be grounds for funding removal and reallocation to the VA. Policy Analysis The DoD Leahy law prohibits DoD assistance of foreign military units that have committed a gross violation of human rights, including torture, extrajudicial killing, disappearances, and rape.9 However, exemption of ¤127e operations from these regulations, combined with the use of force beyond what is authorized under the 2001 AUMF, essentially nullifies Leahy law. Although most details remain confidential, ¤127e operations have already violated Leahy law prohibitions, including the secret employment of a Cameroonian military unit known for torture and extrajudicial killings.10 Holding ¤127e operations to Leahy law standards recommits American resources to complying with international and human rights law and prevents unnecessary military engagements. Additionally, diverting funding to VA rehabilitation programs would help alleviate immense fiscal shortcomings that prevent veterans from accessing the care they are entitled to. Veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars are entitled to lifelong free or low-cost medical treatment, which is estimated to cost the U.S. $600 billion to $1 trillion over the next 40 years.11 However, the VA is extremely underfunded: in July 2024, the VA reported a nearly $15 billion shortfall to Congress, $12 billion of which is needed for healthcare provisions.8 Reallocating funding for ¤127e operations would enhance the VAÕs ability to provide healthcare treatment for veterans and deliver on their promises. Lastly, enhancing reporting requirements for ¤127e operations ensures stricter congressional oversight of secretive US-sponsored violence, which subsequently holds the DoD accountable to public opinion and the law. In 2021, 68% of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America members want to repeal or reform the 2001 and 2002 AUMFs, and 62% of Americans viewed the Afghanistan and Iraq wars as not worth fighting.12,13,14 Oversight ensures that the DoD cannot use ¤127e funding for operations not authorized for attack under the 2001 AUMF. Highlights • 10 U.S.C. ¤127e currently allows the United States Department of Defense (DoD) to fund secret proxy wars across the world, subject to neither human rights standards nor effective reporting requirements.1,2,4 • The rehabilitation needs of veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan include healthcare costs of up to $1 trillion over the next 40 years, and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is already operating on a funding shortfall.8,11 • Requiring ¤127e operations to be subject to both Leahy law and increased congressional reporting standards would reduce American human rights violations and general involvement in proxy wars, which would, in turn, deescalate the unending and unpopular War on Terror. Defunding ¤127e operations that violate Leahy law or are otherwise stopped due to congressional oversight and diverting such funding to the VA would help alleviate the financial strains caused by veteran rehabilitation needs and ensure all veterans may access the healthcare they are entitled to. Implementation The Senate and House Armed