is eligible to take unpaid time off to accompany you up to two antenatal appointments. You must ensure that your Line Manager is advised in advance of an appointment. You may be required to provide evidence of further appointments. Ante-natal time is treated as duty. Time off should be granted unless due to exigencies of duty, you may be asked to rearrange an appointment. Any time off for ante-natal appointments should not be unreasonably refused. 1.3 Health & Safety - Risk Assessment Under the Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999, Wiltshire Police has a duty to identify hazards and to assess and control the risks associated with those hazards to new and expectant mothers. A risk assessment must be carried out that will involve both you and your line manager. This is to ensure that your health and safety and that of your baby are not put at risk by work and working conditions. A risk assessment will be carried out using Form 906. If applicable, the organisation will provide you with information as to any risks identified in the risk assessment. If the risk assessment reveals that you would be exposed to health hazards in carrying out your normal job duties, the organisation will take such steps as are reasonably necessary to avoid those risks, such as altering your working conditions. In some cases, this may mean offering you temporary suitable alternative work (if available) on terms and conditions that are not substantially less favourable. If it is not possible for the organisation to alter your working conditions to remove the risks to your health and there is no suitable alternative work available to offer you on a temporary basis, the organisation may suspend you from work on maternity grounds until such time as there are no longer any risks to your health. This could be for the remainder of your pregnancy until the commencement of your maternity leave. If you are suspended in these circumstances, your employment will continue during the period of the suspension and it does not in any way affect your statutory or contractual employment and maternity rights. You will be entitled to your normal salary and contractual benefits during the period of your suspension, unless you have unreasonably refused an offer of suitable alternative employment. 1.4 Notification As soon as you have had your pregnancy confirmed, you are required to notify the Force in writing in order to trigger the process. To ensure you receive your full entitlements to pay and leave during the maternity period, you are required to notify the organisation by completing the Form M1 as soon as is reasonably practicable, but no later than 28 days before you intend to start your maternity leave. To ensure you receive your full entitlements to pay and leave during the maternity period, you are required to notify the organisation by completing the Form M1 as soon as is reasonably practicable, but no later than 28 days before you intend to