for the best of motives, Ôcover upÕ for anyone whose work or behaviour is suffering as a result of an alcohol or drug related problem. Where an individual has reasonable grounds to believe that a colleague is involved in illegal drug related activity they must inform the Professional Standards, via ProfStand@wiltshire.police.uk or CCU@wiltshire.police.uk 7.3 Managers Managers have a responsibility to be aware of the content of this policy and procedure as they have an important role to play in identifying problems at work. Deterioration in work performance and/or changes in patterns of behaviour may be noticed by a manager with or without the obvious signs of alcohol or drug misuse (see Appendix C for further guidance). In these circumstances OHU will provide advice and assistance for managers if required but line management will continue to have overall day to day responsibility for the safety and well-being of the individual at work. If approached by an individual declaring that they have, or may have, a substance misuse or alcohol misuse problem, managers are to offer the individual advice, support and guidance in a sympathetic and confidential manner. They should encourage the individual to seek specialist help, through the OHU (by means of a referral) their General Practitioner or direct from a specialist agency. They will maintain confidentiality where practical although it may be appropriate to disclose information on occasions. 7.4 The Occupational Health Unit The Occupational Health Unit will deal with any referrals made by a manager or member of the HR Department. They will provide a point of contact and liaison between the individual, the line manager, the relevant HR advisor/manager, the General Practitioner and any specialist agency. They will maintain confidentiality where practical although it may be appropriate to disclose information on occasions. There are, however, some circumstances in which the interests of the proper administration of justice may over-ride an absolute confidentiality. In particular, the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 and the Code of Practice issued under it agreed between Wiltshire Police and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) place a personal responsibility on the individual officer or member of staff to declare any matter that may affect their credibility as a witness in a court case. In some circumstances, substance misuse on the part of an officer or a member of staff acting as a witness may have to be revealed to the Crown Prosecution Service, as the damage to the credibility of the officer as a witness may be a factor to be considered in a decision whether to proceed with a prosecution. The personal responsibility under the Criminal Procedure and Investigation Act 1996 should be drawn to the attention of an officer/member of staff, by the Occupational Health Unit, at the time at which any self-declaration of a substance misuse problem is made. The need to make a declaration to CPS will not arise in every case; each should be considered on its own facts and merits. Any declaration to CPS should be properly managed,