financial insecurity in old age. Marginalized individuals like low-wage workers, small businesses, part-time workers, and gig economy workers are typically the most affected by financial insecurity when entering older age. Without access to a retirement plan, these workers are exposed to an increased risk of financial struggle, further contributing to the wealth gap. Such a deficit in retirement funds greatly affects the overall economy. PEW Charitable Trust data estimated that six states cumulatively faced a $334.3 billion shortfall due to a lack of or inadequate retirement savings.4 Various policy efforts have attempted to address this gap. State- level automatic IRAs have been implemented across eleven states, and efforts have progressed, but national implementation has yet to occur. The implementation of federal automatic IRAs is urgently needed for the millions of Americans whose financial futures are in jeopardy. Policy idea The U.S. Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) should implement automatic IRAs for employees whose company/employer does not offer a retirement plan. The Treasury would oversee the policy framework and manage the infrastructure of the program, while the IRS would handle the enrollment and compliance aspects. The structure of the program will be based on existing states’ automatic IRA programs to ensure fluidity.5 Employers would enroll workers into a government-managed IRA via social security numbers, with 3- 8% of the employee’s salary automatically deducted. Workers could opt out or adjust contributions for flexibility. Employers would facilitate enrollment and payroll deduction, lowering administrative barriers. Compliant employers would receive tax credits to encourage participation. Workers would retain accounts even if they change jobs, ensuring continued contributions. Policy Analysis Historically, research has consistently demonstrated that automatic IRA enrollment boosts participation. Research, including projections from the National Bureau of Economic Research, indicates that when eligible workers are automatically enrolled, participation rates climb significantly—from around 66% to 92%.6 These results suggest that this policy will dramatically enhance savings among workers without current access to employer- sponsored plans and ease the burden of establishing voluntary retirement plans. This federal initiative takes inspiration from successful state-run programs, such as California’s CalSavers. CalSavers automatically enrolls employees who do not have retirement plans at work, making it easier for them to save through options with low administrative demands and portability across jobs. Evaluations of CalSavers show a rapid increase in assets under management, growing from $595 million to $858 million in just a year, which not only highlights its viability but also its potential benefits on a national scale.5 Expanding this model at a federal level could provide millions of lower-wage workers with a stable foundation for financial security in retirement, thereby reducing their dependence on future government aid, such as Social Security, to help stabilize governmental budgets.7 More importantly, automatic enrollment addresses behavioral inertia that can occur when saving is a voluntary choice. Many workers may procrastinate or feel overwhelmed by the process of setting up a retirement plan due to factors like complexity, lack of financial knowledge, and competing priorities. Automatic enrollment eliminates the initial