Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 253 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 197 Continuation of criminal trial on death or discharge of a juror In section 16 of the Juries Act 1974 (continuation of criminal trial on death or discharge of juror)Ñ (a) in subsection (1) for Òsubsections (2) and (3)Ó substitute Òsubsection (3)Ó, and (b) omit subsection (2) (trials for offences punishable with death). Transmission and recording of court and tribunal proceedings 198 Remote observation and recording of court and tribunal proceedings (1) In the Courts Act 2003, after section 85 insertÑ ÒPART 7ZA TRANSMISSION AND RECORDING OF COURT AND TRIBUNAL PROCEEDINGS Remote observation and recording 85A Remote observation and recording of proceedings by direction of a court or tribunal (1) This section applies (subject to subsections (12) and (13)) to proceedings in any court; and in this section ÒcourtÓ has the same meaning as in the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (see section 19 of that Act). (2) If the proceedings are specified under subsection (8)(a), the court may direct that images or sounds of the proceedings are to be transmitted electronically for the purpose of enabling persons not taking part in the proceedings to watch or listen to the proceedings. (3) A direction under subsection (2) may authorise only the following types of transmissionÑ (a) transmission to designated live-streaming premises, or (b) transmission to which individuals are given access only having first identified themselves to the court (or to a person acting on behalf of the court). (4) In subsection (3)(a), Òdesignated live-streaming premisesÓ means premises that are designated by the Lord Chancellor as premises that are made available for members of the public to watch or listen to proceedings in accordance with directions under subsection (2). (5) A direction under subsection (2) may include further provision aboutÑ (a) the manner of transmission, or (a) 254 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7ZA Ð Transmission and recording of court and tribunal proceedings CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the persons who are to be able to watch or listen to the transmission (including provision making that ability subject to conditions,