of more than four years but less than ten years, means the period of four years beginning at that time; and in any other case, means the period of five years beginning at that time. 28 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Offences of contravening orders A person who leaves the United Kingdom at a time when he is prohibited from leaving it by a travel restriction order is guilty of an offence and liable— on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum, or to both; on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or to both. A person who is not in the United Kingdom at the end of a period during which a prohibition imposed on him by a travel restriction order has been suspended shall be guilty of an offence and liable— on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum, or to both; on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years or to a fine, or to both. A person who fails to comply with— a direction contained in a travel restriction order to deliver up a [F86passport] to a court, or to cause such a [F86passport] to be delivered up, or any duty imposed on him by section 35(5)(b) to surrender a [F86passport] to the Secretary of State, shall be guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or to both. This section has effect subject to section 37(3). Saving for powers to remove a person from the United Kingdom A travel restriction order made in relation to any person shall not prevent the exercise in relation to that person of any prescribed removal power. A travel restriction order made in relation to any person shall remain in force, notwithstanding the exercise of any prescribed removal power in relation to that person, except in so far as either— the Secretary of State by order otherwise provides; or the travel restriction order is suspended or revoked under section 35. No person shall be guilty of an offence under section 36 in respect of any act or omission required of him by an obligation imposed in the exercise of