and organisations better manage risks associated with the digital products and services on which they rely. Our work in this space includes: Cyber Essentials Certification, which is a Government backed scheme to certify that organisations have taken the minimum steps to protect themselves against the most common cyber attacks. The Cyber Assessment Framework, which supports organisations as they seek to assess cyber risks to essential functions. This is aimed at critical organisations such as those in CNI sectors. The Cyber Governance Code of Practice, which sets the baseline expectations for all organisations using digital technologies. 2.8 Our ability to safeguard businesses and communities from cyber threats hinges upon our ability to both nurture technological and human capabilities, and to recognise and address complex risks on a macro scale. By prioritising secure by design, skill development, and targeted measures which improve resilience across all sectors of our economy, we seek to pave the way for a more secure cyber landscape in the UK. Supporting government activity on AI 2.9 The work outlined in this Call for Views forms part of the GovernmentsÕ efforts to enable safe and trustworthy AI. An overview of the various activities being taken on AI can be found in the recently published AI regulation white paper response.[footnote 17] The response sets out how Government is implementing the regulatory framework, including by preparing and upskilling the UKÕs regulators, setting out the case for targeted binding measures on developers of highly capable general purpose AI systems, and preventing the misuse of AI technologies. We have set out below the key interlinking areas of work that are being taken forward within DSIT. 2.10 The UK hosted the first AI Safety Summit in November 2023. Representatives from 28 nations, including the US, EU, and China endorsed the Bletchley Declaration, an ambitious agreement to support an internationally inclusive network of scientific research on advanced AI safety and ensure the benefits of technology can be harnessed for the good of all. Cyber security was an important aspect of the Summit and included in key documents such as the ÔEmerging processes for AI safetyÕ policy paper and the Bletchley Declaration itself. 2.1 2.11 During the Summit, the UK Government announced the creation of the AI Safety Institute (AISI), which will also be fundamental in informing the UKÕs regulatory framework. AISIÕs three core functions are to develop and conduct evaluations on advanced AI systems, drive foundational AI safety research and facilitate information exchange. 2.12 The Summit also emphasised the importance of understanding the risks associated with AI and this work has sought to expand this area in collaboration with the activities being taken forward by the Central AI Risk Function (CAIRF). CAIRF brings together policymakers and AI experts with a mission to identify, assess, report on and prepare for AI associated risks on an ongoing basis. CAIRF will: Maintain a holistic view of risks across the AI ecosystem by monitoring current and emerging AI risks facing the UK and assessing their likelihood and impact. Report