only to gain or loss in money or other property; (b) include any such gain or loss whether temporary or permanent; and ÒpropertyÓ means any property whether real or personal (including things in action and other intangible property). (3) ÒGainÓ includes a gain by keeping what one has, as well as a gain by getting what one does not have. (4) ÒLossÓ includes a loss by not getting what one might get, as well as a loss by parting with what one has. 6 Possession etc. of articles for use in frauds (1) A person is guilty of an offence if he has in his possession or under his control any article for use in the course of or in connection with any fraud. (2) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F2the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum (or to both); (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to a fine (or to both). (3) Subsection (2)(a) applies in relation to Northern Ireland as if the reference to 12 months were a reference to 6 months. 7 Making or supplying articles for use in frauds (1) A person is guilty of an offence if he makes, adapts, supplies or offers to supply any articleÑ (a) knowing that it is designed or adapted for use in the course of or in connection with fraud, or (b) intending it to be used to commit, or assist in the commission of, fraud. (2) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F3the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum (or to both); (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years or to a fine (or to both). (a) 4 Fraud Act 2006 (c. 35) Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Fraud Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) (3) Subsection (2)(a) applies in relation to Northern Ireland as if the reference to 12 months were a reference to 6 months. 8 ÒArticleÓ (1) For the purposes ofÑ (a) sections 6 and 7, and (b) the provisions listed in subsection (2), so far as they relate to articles for use in the course of or in connection with fraud, ÒarticleÓ includes any program or data held in electronic form. (2) The provisions areÑ (a) section 1(7)(b) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c. 60), (b) section 2(8)(b) of the Armed Forces Act 2001 (c. 19), and (c) Article 3(7)(b) of the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 (S.I. 1989/1341 (N.I. 12)); (meaning of Òprohibited articlesÓ for the purposes of stop and search powers). 9 Participating in fraudulent business carried