meeting needsÕ (2015) a local authority must provide and keep under review care and support plans for people who have needs which meet the eligibility criteria and for people where it appears to the local authority that it is necessary to meet the personÕs needs in order to protect the person from abuse or neglect or the risk of abuse or neglect (and additionally in the case of a child: harm or the risk of harm). Where the duties to a child fall under Part 6 of the Act (Looked After and Accommodated Children) the local authority must review the care and support plan in line with the requirements of Regulations made under that part of the Act. A local authority must meet the needs of children, which the local authority considers it is necessary to meet in order to protect the child from abuse or neglect or a risk of abuse or neglect or in order to protect the child from other harm or risk of such harm. This is an overriding duty on a local authority irrespective of any application of, or outcome from, the determination of eligibility. A local authorityÕs duties in respect of looked after children are contained within Part 6 of the Act. Local authorities must determine whether the needs of the individual call for the exercise of any function they have under Part 4 (Care and Supervision) or Part 5 (Protection of Children) of the Children Act 1989. Relevant partners have a Duty to Report Children at Risk (Section 130) under Part 7 of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act. Section 130(4) defines a Òchild at riskÓ as a child who: a) is experiencing or is at risk of abuse, neglect or other kinds of harm; and b) has needs for care and support (whether or not the local authority is meeting any of those needs). When a child has been reported under section 130, the local authority must consider whether there are grounds for carrying out an investigation under section 47 of the Children Act 1989. This includes children at risk of FGM. Relevant partners have a Duty to Report Adults at Risk (Section 128) under Part 7 of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act. Section 126(1) defines an Òadult at riskÓ as an adult who: a) is experiencing or is at risk of abuse or neglect; and b) has needs for care and support (whether or not the local authority is meeting any of those needs); and c) as a result of those needs is unable to protect himself or herself from the abuse or neglect or the risk of it. Section 126(2) requires a local authority to consider whether there is reasonable cause to suspect the person is an adult at risk and to take appropriate action. Chapter 4: Working Together to Tackle FGM This chapter provides information for heads of organisations, third parties exercising public protection functions, and front- line professionals. Key points • No single professional can