measurements from each knife and spike strike shall be assessed against the acceptable limits specified in Table 13. 7.7.6. Records The following information shall be recorded after each strike has been conducted and included in the test report: • Time at which strike performed. • Velocity measured 25 ± 2 mm from the surface, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Energy, measured in joules to one decimal place. • Ruler measurement for depth of knife penetration (where over specified limits), measured in millimetres to one decimal place. • Any spike perforation (if applicable). • After all strikes have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Cut length of each knife strike (where below specified limits), measured using digital microscope in millimetres to two decimal places.32 • Depth of knife penetration, recorded in millimetres to two decimal places. • Mean velocity from all strikes in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Mean energy from all strikes in test series, recorded in joules to one decimal place. 7.8. Formed armour testing 7.8.1. Backing materials All formed protective panels shall be assessed using Plastiline¨ 40 shaped backing materials prepared, conditioned and calibrated in accordance with methods outlined in Sections 6.6.1 and 6.6.2. 7.8.2. Test methods 7.8.2.1. Mounting of formed armour The moulded, conditioned and calibrated Plastiline¨ 40 female form shall be mounted in the wooden bust holders (drawing ref. M100831/M100832). A standard strike pattern shall be adopted following the same positioning instructions as Section 6.6.3.2. Flat regions shall be induced in the areas directly beneath each of the strike locations to prevent Ôdrag cutsÕ. These regions shall be 20 mm in diameter and shall be produced by depressing the local region under the strike location with a flat rigid object. The panel, in its test carrier, shall be mounted onto the conditioned shaped torso backing using its own straps, lining the centremost point of the neck line up with the corresponding position on the form centrally between the busts. Additional straps may be used if considered necessary; this shall be included in the test report. Note that air gaps are likely to be present between the protective panel and the backing material; this is acceptable. The assembly shall then be laid horizontally on the test table as shown in Figure 31. 32 A digital image of each cut length, taken using the microscope, shall be stored on record. Figure 31: Formed armour stab test configuration 7.8.2.2. Test strikes Test strikes shall be conducted in accordance with the energy levels in Table 13. Each strike shall be performed with a new knife or spike; stab sabot dampers shall be replaced after a maximum of five stabs. A minimum of 5 minutes shall be left between each stab to allow for materials to recover. At the start of a test series on a new construction, the dampers shall be replaced. Strike rules detailed in Table 12 are not applicable for formed