responsible for providing a supportive organisational culture that facilitates learning and development, and for ensuring that honest reflection is supported and valued. Gallwch wylio'r fideo yma yn Gymraeg (You can watch this video in Welsh) Delivering a service to be proud of We are committed to working in the public interest and we take pride in providing an excellent service. We respect the authority and influence afforded to us by our role in society. We work collaboratively with colleagues, agencies and partners in service of the public. Acting lawfully We take responsibility for using our powers within the law. We respect the degree of discretion that we have, and we apply powers when lawful, proportionate and necessary. We help to foster a working environment in which everyone can – in the public interest – question, challenge and report any unlawful, unethical or unprofessional actions. Understanding and responding to the public's needs We engage with a wide range of people, including some experiencing trauma and adversity. We seek to understand the experience and history of different communities and we take them into account in our decisions where appropriate, while always ensuring that we treat people as individuals and with impartiality. We build and maintain strong relationships with the public and others we work with, including agencies and bodies. Reflecting on and applying knowledge and experience We recognise the limits of our knowledge and skills, seeing these as opportunities to develop and improve. When making decisions and taking actions, we draw from the best available evidence, as well as our own professional judgement, practical wisdom and experience. We reflect on our actions and decisions to examine what went well and what could be changed to improve the service we offer to the public. We understand that reflecting openly, honestly and objectively might be difficult, uncomfortable or embarrassing. Improving our self, our peers and our profession To help improve ourselves, our peers and our profession, we foster a safe and open working environment where everyone can – in the public interest – share experiences, evaluate good practice and exchange feedback. We expect our leaders to demonstrate a commitment to self-improvement. We recognise that our leaders are responsible for providing a supportive organisational culture that facilitates learning and development, and for ensuring that honest reflection is supported and valued. Download a poster Code of Ethics – Public service A4 poster (pdf) 58.7 KB Mapping of Code of Ethics (2014) policing principles to the ethical policing principles The policing principles contained in the 2014 Code of Ethics included: the seven principles of public life: accountability honesty integrity leadership objectivity openness selflessness two additional principles that were identified from the research carried out by the College of Policing at the time: fairness respect The following table shows where this revised version of the principles has drawn from the original and has built upon its strengths. Ethical policing principles Code of Ethics (2014) policing principles Courage Accountability, honesty, integrity, leadership, objectivity, openness, fairness, respect Respect and empathy