there is sufficient evidence and this is in the public interest. However, there may be instances where criminal proceedings have not yet been brought and applying for a gang injunction may be an appropriate response. These instances could include where a criminal investigation is still ongoing or the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has yet to decide whether to charge an individual. Under these circumstances, gang injunctions may be able to offer the local community immediate relief from the problem of gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing and to help respondents to leave the gang lifestyle. Applicants should ensure that they are in close and regular contact with the CPS where an injunction is being considered alongside potential criminal proceedings. 9 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 3. Young people and gangs 3.1. Young peopleÕs involvement in gangs Teenagers can be particularly vulnerable to recruitment into gangs and involvement in gang violence. This vulnerability may be exacerbated by risk factors in an individualÕs background, including violence in the family, involvement of siblings in gangs, poor educational attainment, or mental health problems. The teenage years are often the critical point for intervention to prevent the young person becoming further involved in gangs, gang violence and gang-related drug dealing activity. Crisis points in a young personÕs life such as arrest, school exclusion, or A&E admission can provide vital opportunities to persuade the young person to leave the gang lifestyle. Gang injunctions offer local partners a way to intervene and to engage the young person with positive activities, with the aim of preventing further involvement in gangs, violence and/or gang-related drug dealing activity. 3.2. Issues to consider when applying for a gang injunction against a respondent between the ages of 14 and 17 Specific issues to consider when dealing with a respondent between the ages of 14 and 17 are highlighted under the relevant sections of this guidance. Applicants should have regard to the following general principles when considering a gang injunction against a 14 to 17 year old: • Section 11 of the Children Act 2004, which places a duty on local authorities, police and others to make arrangements to ensure that in discharging their functions they have regard to the need to safeguard and promote the welfare of children. • Gang injunctions will be sought because an applicant believes that the young person is at risk of engaging in or being a victim of, gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. There are clear child protection processes to follow when significant harm or the risk of significant harm has been identified. Local childrenÕs services who have legal responsibilities for safeguarding and child protection should be involved in discussions regarding a potential gang injunction for a 14 to 17 year old and to advise what action it would be appropriate to take to ensure the safety of the young person and to protect him or her from significant harm. • Applicants should have regard to the appropriate guidance in