or partly within that local government area;] 186 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 4 Ð ASB case reviews: supplementary provision Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in relation to a local government area in WalesÑ (i) the council for the area, (ii) the chief officer of police for the police area which that local government area is within, and (iii) each Local Health Board whose area is wholly or partly within that local government area. PART 3 ASB CASE REVIEWS Consultation and co-operation: local providers of social housing 6 (1) The relevant bodies in a local government area must consult such local providers of social housing as they consider appropriate in carrying out ASB case reviews. (2) The local providers of social housing must co-operate with the relevant bodies in the local government area in any matters specified by the relevant bodies that concern ASB case reviews. Information 7 (1) The relevant bodies in a local government area may request any person to disclose information for a purpose connected with the carrying out of an ASB case review. (2) If such a request is made to a person that exercises public functions, and that person possesses the requested information in connection with the exercise of such functions, the person must (subject to sub-paragraph (4)) comply with the request. (3) If such a request is made to a person who is not required by sub-paragraph (2) to disclose the requested information, the person may (subject to sub-paragraph (4)) comply with the request. (4) This paragraph does not require or authoriseÑ (a) a disclosure, in contravention of any provisions of [F80the data protection legislation], of personal data which [F81is] not exempt from those provisions, or (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 4 Ð ASB case reviews: supplementary provision Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 187 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) a disclosure which is prohibited by [F82 any of Parts 1 to 7 or Chapter 1 of Part 9 of the Investigatory Powers Act 2016]. (5) Subject to that, a disclosure under this paragraph does not breachÑ (a) any obligation of