ensures compliance with ECHR and fundamental freedoms. The Investigatory Powers (Interception by Businesses etc. for Monitoring and Record-keeping Purposes) Regulations 2018 make an exception to IPA and allow businesses (including public authorities) to intercept communications transmitted across their systems without consent for certain purposes. The monitoring and recording of communications will be considered on a case by case basis and will be used: • to ascertain compliance with regulatory or self-regulatory practices or procedures; • for an appropriate method of ascertaining standards; • to prevent or detect crime; • to investigate or detect unauthorised use. • Wiltshire Police Counter Corruption Unit is authorised to carry out the appropriate auditing of system use. On application, an authority to Intercept or record specific communications utilising Force communication systems must be given by the Deputy Chief Constable or the Chief Constable in their absence. Commanders and Departmental Heads are responsible for ensuring that all personnel who may use Force information and communication systems within their area of responsibility are aware of this authority and notice. In all cases, regulations require the Force to make all reasonable efforts to inform every person using or who may use the system that interception, monitoring and auditing may take place. Accordingly, all potential users of Force communication systems are informed that: • You work within an organisation that deals with sensitive matters and information, much of which is protectively marked; • You are required to maintain the highest professional and ethical standards; • To ensure that these sensitivities and high standards are maintained, communications by all users using Force information and communications systems (including but not limited to telephone, radio, communications & messaging applications and E-mail) may be intercepted, monitored and recorded; • Conversations conducted by all staff, contract employees and others who may use Force information and communication systems may not be considered to be private; • When appropriate, recorded communications will be used in administrative, misconduct and criminal proceedings. 25. BREACH OF POLICY ESCALATION PROCEDURES 25.1 Purpose of Procedures The purpose of these procedures is to ensure proportional and uniform action is taken in response to all breaches of Force Information Security Policies and associated Security Operating Procedures. They apply to both routine random monitoring and user specific monitoring requests. All breaches will be dealt with under the Police Regulations or Police Staff Discipline Procedure. 25.2 Roles and Responsibilities The Counter Corruption Unit is responsible for conducting activity and audit of Force information systems and stored data. The ICT Department will provide technical assistance as appropriate for activities requiring additional technical support. Potential policy breaches discovered by ICT Department staff during normal system administration must be reported to the Head of Information Management and Assurance in the first instance. Line managers are responsible for ensuring compliance with Force polices through routine supervision of staff use of Force information systems. The Chief Constable has authorised the Professional Standards Department to undertake routine Intelligence lead and random audit of Force systems to ensure that appropriate and proportionate