almost triple the pharmacy- related costs (287%) compared to patients without polypharmacy. 4 Adjusted data show patients with polypharmacy incur average annual costs of $19,068, versus $8,815 for others.4 Medicare and Medicaid shoulder much of this financial strain as polypharmacy increases the risk of medication-related problems (MRPs). An NIH study reported that patients on 11+ medications under Medicare are nearly twice as likely to experience MRPs, with each additional medication raising the risk by 10%.5 However, Medicare’s Medication Therapy Management services demonstrate the potential to reduce costs and adverse outcomes through improved medication adherence.5 Florida's elderly population is the second largest state in the United States, with over 36.9% over 50.6 Yet, no comprehensive statewide programs specifically address polypharmacy management for elderly residents. The lack of a standardized mechanism to deprescribe unnecessary or harmful medications leaves patients vulnerable to the detrimental effects of inappropriate drug use and financial burden. Policy Idea To mitigate and prevent the adverse effects of polypharmacy, the Florida Department of Health should implement a Florida Polypharmacy Reduction Initiative (FPRI). This program addresses the risks of polypharmacy, particularly in elderly residents of long-term care facilities across Florida, who face a heightened risk for harmful drug interactions with multiple prescription medications.2 FPRI will prioritize pharmacist-led medication reviews, where pharmacists conduct quarterly assessments, utilize their expertise in drug interactions, engage patients in discussions about side effects and treatment goals, and with prescribing doctors providing final oversight. The initiative will use a multi-faceted publicity strategy for effective outreach. It incorporates mandatory Medication Therapy Management services, standardized deprescribing protocols, and statewide public awareness campaigns. Provider-directed financial incentives would encourage deprescribing only when healthcare providers, such as physicians or pharmacists, determine that medications may be unnecessary or harmful. This approach safeguards low-income elderly patients from any pressure to stop beneficial treatments. Policy Analysis Mandatory pharmacist-led medication reviews every three months are crucial for identifying and removing unnecessary or harmful medications, particularly for elderly patients in long-term care settings. A UPMC study found that over four years, integrating pharmacists into primary care teams improves medication management and fosters trust among healthcare providers and patients.7 Pharmacists enhance patient outcomes by identifying and resolving medication therapy problems, including nonadherence, which accounts for up to $289 billion in U.S. healthcare costs annually.8 This interprofessional approach promotes coordinated care among providers, patients, and caregivers while promoting improved care for elderly patients who can advocate more consistently for their medication treatment plan.9 Mandatory Medication Therapy can include financial incentives for healthcare providers who prescribe unnecessary medications, further promoting safer prescribing and more collaboration between pharmacists and providers.10 Deprescribing is a patient- centered approach tailoring medication regimens to individual needs. Standardized deprescribing guidelines, developed by a task force of geriatricians, pharmacists, and specialists, would offer providers safe pathways for reducing unnecessary medications. A statewide public awareness campaign would inform seniors and caregivers about the risks of polypharmacy and offer resources for advocating medication reviews. FPRI is comparable to programs established in other states, such as New York. The United