a disclosure order 241. In addition to the general provisions on taking records, the appropriate officer should also keep copies of notices in writing issued under a disclosure order (see section 357(4)) together with full details of their issue and response. 242. The record of an interview should contain the following, as appropriate • a copy of the invitation to interview letter; • the date and place and time of the interview; • the time the interview began and ended, the time of any breaks in the interview and, subject to the provisions relating to pseudonyms of members of staff of the relevant Director, the names of all those present; • any request made for financial or legal advice, and action taken on that request; • that the person conducting the interview told the interviewee everything he was required to tell him or her under this code; • the name of person(s) excluded from the interview room, and the reason for that decision; and • the presence of an interpreter, and the reason for this. • 243. In respect of interviews conducted under the authority of section 357(4)(a), the record of the interview should be held with a transcript of the interview. Documents produced at the interview should also be listed on a note of the action taken under disclosure order. Receipts should be given to the interviewee and this should also be recorded. 187. Obtaining evidence from abroad 244. Section 375A makes provision for evidence to be obtained from overseas if a person or property is subject to a civil recovery investigation, a detained cash investigation or an exploitation proceeds investigation. This process should be used to obtain relevant evidence. 245. A judge may request overseas assistance as a result of an application by an appropriate officer or a person subject to the investigation if the judge thinks there is relevant evidence in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom. Alternatively, the relevant Director may request overseas assistance, directly and without making an application to a judge, if they believe that there is relevant evidence in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom. 246. The appropriate officer should ensure that there is material supporting his or her belief that there is relevant evidence overseas. 247. ÒRelevant evidenceÓ depends on the type of investigation for which evidence is being requested: • in relation to a civil recovery investigation, evidence is relevant for the purposes of identifying recoverable property or associated property, and includes whether property is or has been recoverable property or associated property, who holds or has held property, what property a person holds or has held, or the nature, extent or whereabouts of property; • in relation to a detained cash investigation, evidence is relevant for the purposes of investigating the derivation of cash or whether cash is intended by any person to be used in unlawful conduct; • in relation to an exploitation proceeds investigation, evidence is relevant if it relates to whether a person