(3A)Ñ (a) of paragraph (b); (b) in paragraph (c), of the words from Òor been sentÓ to Òexercise that powerÓ; and (c) of the words after paragraph (c).Ó (5) In section 12(3) of that Act (application of section 11(2), (3) and (4) in the case of assistant chief constables)Ñ (a) for Ò, (3) andÓ there shall be substituted Ò to Ó; and (b) at the end there shall be inserted Òbut with the omission in subsection (3A) Ñ (a) of paragraph (b); (b) in paragraph (c), of the words from Òor been sentÓ to Òexercise that powerÓ; and (c) of the words after paragraph (c).Ó 33 Removal etc. of senior officers at the instance of the Secretary of State (1) Section 42 of the 1996 Act (role of the Secretary of State as respects removal of chief constables etc.) shall be amended as follows. (2) For subsections (1) and (2) there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(1) The Secretary of State mayÑ (a) require the Metropolitan Police Authority to exercise its power under section 9E to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign; or (b) require a police authority maintaining a police force under section 2 to exercise its power under section 11 to call upon the chief constable (a) 84 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 3 Ð Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes of that force, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign. (1A) The Secretary of State may also, in any case falling within subsection (1B) in which he considers that it is necessary for the maintenance of public confidence in the force in questionÑ (a) require the Metropolitan Police Authority to suspend the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner from duty; or (b) require a police authority maintaining a police force under section 2 to suspend the chief constable of that force from duty. (1B) The cases falling within this subsection areÑ (a) where the Secretary of State is proposing to exercise his power under subsection (1) in relation to the Metropolitan Police Authority or, as the case may be, the other police authority in question, or is proposing to consider so exercising that power; (b) where the Metropolitan Police Authority or the other police authority in question is itself proposing to exercise its power to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable of the force in question to retire or to resign, or is proposing to