Victim Service (NRVS) Guide for bereaved families following a death on the road, which offers access to the NRVS through the helpline number referenced on the packÕs cover. Families should also be given additional information depending on their circumstances. These include the following. Explaining disaster victim identification Ð following a mass fatality incident, victimÕs families should be provided with a copy of the NPCC leaflet, ÔExplaining disaster victim identification in major incidentsÕ. Ministry of Justice Victim and witness information website Ð for victims and witnesses of crime in England and Wales. It provides information on what happens after a crime has been reported, the people they might meet, the support they should be given and how to complain if something goes wrong. Brake Road Safety Charity Ð in addition to the NRVS, Brake provides information and advice for bereaved families following death on the road. A Freephone, confidential support service providing emotional support, information and advocacy is also available for families bereaved by fatal road crashes (helpline: 0808 8000 401). RoadPeace Ð RoadPeace provides information and support services to people bereaved or seriously injured in road crashes (helpline: 0845 4500 355). Family Liaison and Co-ordination of Support Services (FLACSS) Ð FLACSS is a network of organisations who help those affected by murder and manslaughter, fatal road collisions, mass disasters and terrorism. Further information NPCC have produced a range of practice advice notes to support FLO delivery: The roles and structures of family liaison Strategies, briefings, tasking and withdrawal Evidence gathering, victimology and information sharing/working with the family Identification, visiting, inquests, organ and tissue donation Risk management and assessment Supporting and welfare considerations Deployment to reports of child death Deployment to reports of missing persons Family liaison and independent legal advice Next of kin: glossary of terms Deaths abroad The Crown Prosecution Service have published guidance on working with witnesses which provides further information on support. Back to Investigation overview Tags Investigation Victim care Home Employing people Contracts of employment and working hours Workplace bullying and harassment Bullying and harassment is behaviour that makes someone feel intimidated or o?ended. Harassment is unlawful under the Equality Act 2010. Examples of bullying or harassing behaviour include: spreading malicious rumours unfair treatment picking on or regularly undermining someone denying someoneÕs training or promotion opportunities Bullying and harassment can happen: face-to-face by letter by email by phone The law Bullying itself is not against the law, but harassment is. This is when the unwanted behaviour is related to one of the following: age sex disability gender reassignment marriage and civil partnership pregnancy and maternity race religion or belief sexual orientation What employees should do if theyÕre bullied or harassed Employees should see if they can sort out the problem informally first. If they cannot, they should talk to their: manager human resources (HR) department trade union representative If this does not work, they can make a formal complaint using their employerÕs grievance procedure. If this does not work and theyÕre still being harassed, they can