members of the panel who are members by virtue of appointment by the authority is less than the authority's quota of members, the authority may nominate the permitted number of its councillors to be members of the police and crime panel. (4) A relevant local authority may not make a nomination under this paragraph if, and for as long as, a notice given to the authority by the Secretary of State under paragraph 10(8) is in force. (5) In this paragraph, in relation to a police and crime panel and a relevant local authorityÑ Òfull complementÓ means ten members; Òpermitted numberÓ means the number that is equal to the difference betweenÑ (a) the authority's quota of members; and (b) the number of members of the panel who are members by virtue of appointment by the authority; (a) 180 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Òquota of membersÓ means the number of members calculated by adding one to the number of extra members of the panel which the authority has power to appoint under the panel arrangements (see paragraph 5(2)). Appointment after nomination by local authority 9 (1) This paragraph applies where a relevant local authority makes a nomination under paragraph 6, 7 or 8. (2) If the nominee accepts the nomination, the relevant local authority may appoint the nominated councillor as a member of the panel. (3) If the nominee does not accept the nomination, the relevant local authority may nominate another of its councillors to be a member of the police and crime panel (and sub-paragraph (2) or this sub-paragraph applies accordingly, as if the nomination were made under paragraph 6, 7 or 8). Failure of local authority to appoint member: nomination and appointment by Secretary of State 10 (1) This paragraph applies if the Secretary of State is satisfied thatÑ (a) the number of appointed members of a police and crime panel is less than the full complement, and (b) a relevant local authority (the Òdefaulting local authorityÓ)Ñ (i) has failed to nominate or appoint one or more of its councillors as members of the panel in accordance with paragraphs 6 and 9, paragraphs 7 and 9, or paragraphs 8 and 9, or (ii) does not have power to make such a nomination and appointment because of paragraph 6(3), 7(3) or 8(4). (2) The Secretary of State must nominate the appropriate number of persons who are councillors of relevant local authorities to be members of the police and crime panel. (3) Sub-paragraph (4) or (5) applies in relation to each nomination which the Secretary of State is required to make under sub-paragraph (2). (4) If the nominee accepts the nomination, the Secretary of State must appoint the nominated councillor