Section 3.4 Labelling Visual inspection of labelling ensuring required information is presented and it is of appropriate quality. Pre-testing 5 Pre-testing assessments Inspections and areal density measurements on submitted body armour, against the redacted technical file, prior to testing. Ballistic testing 6.5 Soft, unformed Assessment of unformed (i.e. flat) body armour against a flat Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray backing. 6.6 Soft, formed Assessment of formed body armour (e.g. armours intended for females) against a Plastiline¨ 40 torso-shaped backing. 6.7 Plates Assessment of plates, either standalone or in conjunction with a certified soft armour protective panel, against a Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 torso-shaped backing. If intended for female users (standalone or in conjunction with certified formed or unformed armour), an assessment shall be conducted on large female Plastiline¨ 40 torso-shaped backing. Any such armour shall have an equivalent certified plate tested on the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 male torso-shaped backing. 6.8 Critical perforation analysis (CPA) Conducted only after successful completion of other ballistic testing, CPA is an assessment of the velocity associated to a given statistical probability of body armour perforation. This test determines the velocity at which 1% of shots are predicted to perforate the armour being tested, V01, as well as the velocity at which 50% of shots are predicted to perforate the armour being tested, V50. Section 6.10 Extended coverage (optional) Assessment of extended coverage panels such as groin, shoulder or neck protectors against Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 backing. Note that extended coverage panels that fail to meet the requirement do not affect the certification of the torso panels of the same construction. Knife/spike testing 7.7 Soft, unformed Assessment of unformed body armour on flat composite foam-based backing materials in a guided-mass, gravity-driven drop test system against knife and/or spike end-effectors. 7.8 Soft, formed Assessment of formed body armour on a Plastiline¨ 40 shaped backing in a guided-mass, gravity-driven drop test system against knife and/or spike end-effectors. 7.10 Extended coverage (optional) Assessment of extended coverage panels on flat composite foam-based backing materials in a guided-mass, gravity-driven drop test system against knife and/or spike end-effectors. Note that extended coverage panels that fail to meet the requirement do not affect the certification of torso panels of the same construction. Post-testing 8 Construction assessments Inspection of all tested protective panels to ensure they have been manufactured in accordance with the manufacturerÕs declaration of construction and technical file. 4.2. Post-certification testing A summary of the post-certification tests within this standard have been given in Table 2. Table 2: Summary of assessments for post-certification testing Section 9.2.1 Wet testing (optional) To simulate body armour being immersed in water prior to being worn, this assessment preconditions the certified individual protective panel in water before ballistic and/or stab testing. 9.2.2 Extreme temperature testing (optional) To simulate body armour being stored in extreme temperatures prior to being worn, this assessment preconditions certified individual protective panels at either +50¡C or -20¡C and allows them to return to standard temperature prior to ballistic and/or stab testing. Section