or at oil and gas terminals. They will also be involved in planning for fuel shortages. 15.16. Security firms: Security firms have staff protecting premises of all types who are contactable by the police and may be useful during emergencies. They have a particular role in evacuations from shopping centres and sports grounds. 15.17. Internal drainage boards: Internal drainage boards have powers to undertake works on defined watercourses within their geographical area. These may include operating pumps and other structures to alleviate the effects of flooding. They may be involved in the response to an emergency and should be included, where relevant, in emergency plans. 15.18. General practitioners 3 and chemists: General practitioners may be called to the scene of an emergency to provide direct medical assistance or to certify deaths. Access to medication and medical services may be required for people displaced by an incident. In addition, during periods of disruption, such as severe weather, access for the public to general practitioners and chemists may be required. Considerations such as these need to be included in Category 1 respondersÕ planning arrangements. 3 The role of General Practitioners may change with NHS Reforms 15.19. Private sector representative bodies: In addition to central and local Government, private sector representative bodies such as Confederation of British Industry, Federation of Small Businesses, British Chambers of Commerce, Business Continuity Institute, Emergency Planning Society as well as sector-specific representative bodies such as the Association of Train Operating Companies, British Retail Consortium, Food and Drink Federation, Food Storage and Distribution Federation, British Hospitality Association, Institute of Grocery Distribution and the Federation of Wholesale Distributors, Water UK and energy sector equivalent, can be helpful in providing information and advice to members of the business community on economic recovery, following loss or damage as the result of an emergency. They can also provide advice on business continuity planning, further details of which can be found on their websites, and also in chapters 6 and 8 of Emergency Preparedness. 15.20. Private Veterinary Surgeons: Private vets may be called to the scene of an accident or emergency to provide emergency veterinary assistance to relieve pain and suffering and to protect animal welfare. Access to veterinary care may also be required for companion animals displaced, along with their owners, by an incident. Considerations such as these, including any necessary contractual arrangements, need to be included in Category 1 respondersÕ planning arrangements. Private vets, appointed as Official Veterinarians, may also be called on to assist Government vets in responding to large-scale exotic disease outbreaks. Category 1 responders should also consider the need for training for veterinarians who may be called upon to assist in large animal rescues. This would enhance the effectiveness of joint working as illustrated in the national Incident Command protocols and national animal rescue guidelines. Details of the training, which is available from providers recognised by the Chief Fire Officers Association National Animal Rescue Practitioners Forum (CFOA ARPF), can be obtained from, and in some cases through, the Fire