drift, age, and their needs evolve, and with a huge reduction in the cost of measurement. With this ubiquity of such data, informed and improved interventions through prioritisation and personalisation can maximise benefit. Given the social and economic importance of health and the UKÕs potential to build on market opportunities created by the NHS, the sector has been, and should continue to be, at the forefront of AI adoption. The importance of the link between health, mental health and social care has been especially clear during the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have also seen areas in which AI could have been better prepared to deal with that link if we had considered the promise of AI in this sector earlier. AI can help manage the complex information flow that is needed for the integration of these systems. NHSX, in delivering the Health SecretaryÕs Tech Vision39, is taking the lead in unblocking issues including (but not limited to) governance, data access and protection, and inclusion. The Council, who are supporting NHSX with their AI Lab40 and AI Awards,41 looks to NHSX to work with others across the research, should be used in projects that are outcome-based and only where increasingly efficient civil service. The ONS is working towards a target of 500 35 There is a fundamental need to consider transparency and data bias as public sector adoption increases, taking into account analysis and recommendations from, among others: Review on Artificial Intelligence and Public Standards, The Committee on Standards in Public Life (February 2020); CDEI review into bias in algorithmic decision-making, Centre for Data Ethics and Innovation (November 2020) 36 Looking to the future at the Data Science Campus, Office for National Statistics (March 2019) 37 Guidelines for AI Procurement, UK Government ( June 2020). Developed in collaboration with the World Economic Forum Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution. 38 Statement on the Visit to the United Kingdom, by Professor Philip Alston, United Nations Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, United Nations Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner (November 2018) 39 The future of healthcare: our vision for digital, data and technology in health and care, UK Government (October 2018) 40 The NHS AI Lab, NHSX (2020) 41 Artificial Intelligence in Health and Care Award, NHSX (November 2020) 17 32 AI ROADMAP NATIONAL, CROSS-SECTOR ADOPTION 33 development and innovation landscape to continue building towards these opportunities and developing best practice guidance for AI adoption in the healthcare sector. As the adoption of AI increases outside of the hospital setting, so too will the ÔdataficationÕ of networked digital technologies which create new health insights for individuals. This carries abundant opportunities for the preventative health of citizens, for example in stimulating new and more efficient ways to diagnose and prevent disease beyond clinical boundaries, but there are also significant concerns if not governed correctly. IndividualsÕ health quickly becomes legible to actors outside medical and clinical settings, for example inferred sensitive personal information held by online platforms, and appropriate oversight ought