to reach out to a colleague instead of a supervisor or HR. We encourage colleagues to support one another when needed. 8. Employee Recognition and Development One way to prevent our employees from excessive stress is to recognize their work and invest in their personal growth. For this reason, we have established: • Reward Recognition programs • Mentorship programs • People development programs • Talent management Board 9. Compliance with the law The law protects employees who suffer from medical conditions (e.g. clinical depression) or mental disorders (e.g. schizophrenia.) Consistent with our non-discrimination practices, we will treat these employees fairly and we wonÕt oblige anyone to disclose their condition or other medical information. Instead, we will attempt to support employees who come to us with mental health issues and establish strategies that apply to everyone, and provide confidential advice / support via the Occupational health unit. We will make reasonable adjustments for people with mental disabilities. 10. Evaluating Outcomes We will test its elements to find out what works and what doesnÕt. We will continuously research mental health topics and evaluate the results of our policy with managersÕ help. We will develop, revise and establish policy, we need everyoneÕs help. We can all work to define mental health issues, their causes and seek or offer help when needed. We encourage employees to share their ideas and concerns. References: College of Policing (2017) Blue Light Wellbeing Framework Organisational Development and International faculty Better Professionals for Better Policing HM Government (1996) Employment Rights Act. HM Government (2005) The Equality Act 2010 HM Government (2006) The Work and Families Act. Health and Safety Executive (2008a) Management standards for work-related stress. Health and Safety Executive (2004) Working together to reduce stress at work: a guide for employees. Health and Safety Executive (2008a) Management standards for work-related stress and Price Waterhouse Coopers (2008) Building the case for wellness. Home Office (2018) A common goal for police wellbeing. To be achieved by 2021. Home Office HP6 Risk Assessment Based Medical Policy (RABME) 2006 Police Regulations Healthy Police Force Strategy (2002 2007 2010) POLICY AIM This policy defines Wiltshire PoliceÕs approach and mission statement with regards to mental health and wellbeing in the workplace. APPLICABILITY All police officers and police staff, including the extended police family and those working voluntarily or under contract to Wiltshire Police must be aware of, and are required to comply with, all relevant policy and associated procedures. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE College of Policing Blue light framework 2017 National Police Wellbeing programme 2018 Mental health and employment strategy (Department for Work and Pensions and the Department of Health 2009 currently being reviewed 2018). Home Office (2018) A common goal for police wellbeing. To be achieved by 2021. Employment laws regarding equality, anti-discrimination, health and safety, maternity and parental leave and flexible working. The Health and Safety Executive's standards for managing work-related stress RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS People Culture and Inclusion Strategy Wellness Strategy Issue resolution and dignity at work