- is chosen, each authority should ensure that: o roles and responsibilities are clear; o clear review and evaluation mechanisms are in place; o the programme adequately reflects the diverse business needs and risk profile within an LRF area; and o elected members and senior officers are brought into the process where necessary. 15 regulations 41(3) and 41(4) Box 8.2: Delivering BCM in partnership Business continuity management and promotion has become an integral part of the Local Resilience Forum structure within the Northumbria area. Responsibility for promotion lies with the five councils of Tyne and Wear and Northumberland Emergency Planning Department and is discharged by the Tyne and Wear Emergency Planning Unit who coordinates activity on behalf of the Tyne and Wear Councils. The Business Continuity Management Promotion Strategy is focused on maximising business resilience within the Northumbria LRF by facilitating the coordination of promotional materials and events. On a day to day basis, responsibility includes the Tyne and Wear Emergency Planning Unit providing a comprehensive resilience planning service to all five councils in the Tyne and Wear area as well as work on specific business continuity initiatives. This includes: o Provision of advice and guidance. o Training of staff earmarked with business continuity roles within procurement. o Speaking at seminars. o Facilitating workshops. o Supporting internal business promotion days. Promotional aspects have included the recent Business Continuity Conference (March 2010) and current involvement includes the organising and management of business continuity Information events which will be taking place during Business Continuity Awareness week in March 2011. 8.41. Delegation, or the appointment of a lead authority, does not absolve the local authority of the duty, but merely transforms the mode of delivery. The local authority remains under a legal duty to ensure the programme is delivered, even when a third party is contracted to complete the work. Partnership working in BCM promotion o Separate programmes: Local authorities deliver BCM programmes separately, while ensuring the coherence of the message and means of delivery. o Delegation: All or some local authorities in an LRF area delegate the duty to a single authority, which then delivers the duty on their behalf. Delegation can be to any Category 1 or 2 responder not just to a local authority. o Joint working: This would involve a single programme being delivered jointly by a number of local authorities. o Appointing a Òlead authorityÓ: This involves giving one or more partner authorities a leading role within the delivery of the programme, with other authorities fulfilling a lesser, supporting role. The lead authority could, for example, co-ordinate the content and production of promotional material for others to deliver. Co-ordination of BCM promotion programmes 8.42. The Regulations require local authorities within an LRF area to co-operate with each other when performing their duties under section 4 of the Act1.6 The purpose of this requirement is to ensure that local authorities within an LRF area deliver a coherent programme of advice and assistance to organisations undertaking commercial activities in their