cases the EWC will look at the individualÕs conduct and consider whether their failure to comply with the duty was so serious that it should affect their registration, which may include initiating fitness to practise proceedings. Annex A Ð FGM mandatory reporting process map This process map is intended to demonstrate where the FGM mandatory reporting duty fits within existing processes. It is not intended to be an exhaustive guide, and should be considered in the context of wider safeguarding guidance and processes. Professionals should: - record all decisions - communicate sensitively with the girl/family Relevant professional concerned that an under 18 has had/is at risk of FGM. Informed by the girl that she has had FGM Observes physical signs which appear to show FGM has been carried out Suspects FGM has been carried out Considers girl may be at risk of FGM In Wales: supplemented by duty to report Mandatory reporting duty applies Follow local safeguarding procedures (mandatory reporting duty does not apply) Response initiated by police, in consultation Response initiated by local authority with local authority childrenÕs social care childrenÕs social care ASSESSMENT OF CASE: Multi-agency safeguarding meeting convened in line with local safeguarding arrangements. Police and social care take immediate action as appropriate Attendees include: - police - childrenÕs social care - health Police provide feedback on cases reported under mandatory reporting duty. followed by Factors considered may include: - measures to protect the girl/others identified as being at risk (childrenÕs social care lead) - possible criminal investigation (police lead) - health and wellbeing requirements of the girl/ others, including how care delivered (health lead) - Annex B Ð Q and A Who the duty applies to How do I know if the duty applies to me? The duty applies to all regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales. This covers: • Health and social care professionals registered with any of the regulatory bodies within the remit of the Professional Standards Authority for Health and Social Care, with the exception of the Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland (full list at section one); • Teachers in England and Wales. This includes qualified teachers or persons who are employed or engaged to carry out teaching work in schools and other institutions, and, in Wales, education practitioners regulated by the Education Workforce Council; and • Social care workers in Wales (i.e. those registered with the Care Council for Wales)8. If you are still unsure whether the duty applies to you, check with your designated safeguarding lead. Does the duty apply to professionals working in private education/healthcare? The duty applies to all regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales, including those working in private education and healthcare. Where regulated professionals/teachers working in private education or healthcare identify a case of FGM which falls within the mandatory reporting duty, they are required to make a report to the police, provided the case was discovered in the course of their professional duties. I