has already referred this case to the police. Am I required to make another report to the police? If you are aware that a report to the police in connection with the same act of FGM has already been made by someone from your profession, the duty does not apply (i.e. you are not required to make a second report)9. If, however, you are unsure, or if the person making the report does not belong to a profession captured by the duty, you should report the case to the police, and highlight that a report may have been made previously. A parent has told me their daughter has had FGM, but I cannot ask the girl as I do not have contact or a relationship with her. What do I do? If a parent, guardian, sibling or other individual discloses that a girl under 18 has had FGM, you should follow local safeguarding procedures, which may include a referral to childrenÕs social services. In some circumstances this will also involve informing the police. For further information, including advice and support about how to talk to girls and parents/guardians about FGM, see the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. 9 For these purposes, professionals regulated by a body which belongs to the Professional Standards Authority for Health and Social Care are considered as belonging to the same profession. I have identified a girl under 18 who has had a genital piercing/genital tattoo/female genital cosmetic surgery. What should I do? You should make a report. Further information on genital piercings and female genital cosmetic surgery and the law in England and Wales is available in the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. For the purpose of the duty, you are not required to be satisfied that a criminal offence has been committed. Visually identified cases I donÕt know what FGM looks like Ð what should I do if I think I have seen it? The duty is limited to ÔknownÕ cases (i.e. those which are visually identified or disclosed to a professional by the victim), but this does not mean that you must be 100% certain that FGM has been carried out or that a clinical diagnosis must have taken place prior to a report being made. If, in the course of your work, you see physical signs which you think appear to show that a girl under 18 has had FGM, this is the point at which the duty applies and at which you are required to make a report. The duty does not require there to be a full clinical diagnosis confirming FGM before a report is made, and one should not be carried out unless you identified the case as part of an examination already under way and are able to ascertain this as part of that. I am a clinician and I am concerned as I know that some types of FGM (e.g. type 4) are very difficult to notice unless you are undertaking an examination with the specific purpose