should carry the leave over and take it on return to work after maternity leave; or • for holiday entitlement in excess of the statutory minimum, pay you for any outstanding holiday leave as if you were leaving. These options will be discussed with you prior to the start of maternity leave. If you decide not to return to work and have taken your full yearÕs annual leave, you may find that you have to repay the hours/days extra annual leave that would have accrued beyond your resignation date. 1.7 Maternity Pay Ð Police Officers and Staff OCCUPATIONAL If you have completed 63 weeks continuous service before the EWC: You have the option of: 26 weeks full pay, followed by 13 weeks SMP only, with the remaining maternity leave as unpaid. or 31 weeks Ð 21 Weeks Full Pay followed by 10 Weeks Half Pay plus Half SMP (for weeks 22 to 31) followed by 8 weeks SMP only, with the remaining maternity leave as unpaid. STATUTORY If you have over 26 weekÕs continuous service at the 15th week before the EWC but less than 63 weeks 6 weeks at 90% of your average weekly earnings and: 33 weeks will be paid at the standard rate of SMP or 90% of average weekly earnings, whichever is the lesser. STATUTORY If you have less than 26 weeks continuous service at the 15th week before the EWC: You are not entitled to SMP, but you may qualify for Maternity Allowance of up to 39 weeks at the standard rate of SMP. MA is payable by the Jobcentre Plus. Form SMP1 will be sent by Payroll. For Police Officers in receipt of CRTP & Housing Allowance Ð this payment will continue until you go onto unpaid maternity leave when it will then cease until you return to work. In the event that you give birth either before the intended commencement date of maternity leave or before notification has been received of your intended date to commence maternity leave, your SMP will automatically commence the day after the birth of your baby. SMP is paid through the monthly payroll directly into the individualÕs bank account on the normal pay date. SMP is treated as earnings for the purposes of Tax and National Insurance Contributions. 1.8 Pay rises during pregnancy or maternity leave The higher rate of statutory maternity pay (SMP), which is payable during the first six weeks of maternity leave, is calculated in accordance with your average weekly earnings during the period of eight weeks that immediately precede the 14th week before the expected week of childbirth. All earnings during this eight-week calculation period will be counted for the purpose of working out entitlement to statutory maternity pay, including any allowances or overtime worked during those eight weeks. If a pay rise is granted during, or backdated to, this eight-week calculation period, the increased level of pay will be taken into account when calculating SMP. Following a European Court of Justice decision, any