in a major/mass fatality incident. Responsibilities The FLO is responsible for: obtaining ante-mortem material as applicable working with the family to comply with their right to receive all relevant information connected to the enquiry explaining DVI procedures to the family obtaining ante-mortem evidence as per the FLO strategy (including fingerprints, medical and dental consent, and photographs of the missing person) completing the ante-mortem form as a matter of urgency completing a victimology statement completing a death notification to HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal and any identification statement taken providing the family with the Explaining Disaster Victim Identification in Major Incidents document informing families of the INTERPOL website if the incident is declared a criminal investigation, discussing with family/friends referral to the Victim Support Homicide Service and/or direct eyewitnesses referral if relevant, informing the family about the National Emergencies Trust establishing that referrals are made to support services returning personal property of the deceased in accordance with the wishes of the bereaved and SIM supporting the family in their contact with the media facilitating family visits to the scene or family viewing area as appropriate (when safe to do so) acting as the initial link between the family and the SIM maintaining a written log of all contact with the families and their representatives facilitating contact with other statutory and voluntary agencies Scene evidence recovery manager DVI managers and personnel should have completed the College of Policing approved DVI courses relevant to their role. The scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) is a police manager who is responsible for the retrieval of deceased persons, human remains, evidence and property from within the inner cordon. They work on behalf of HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal and the SIM. On appointment, the SERM discusses the DVI strategy, policy and process with the SIM. They should attend the scene to liaise with the incident commanders. The SERM ensures that appropriate controls are in place at the scene to restrict access to authorised persons. They are responsible for collating and documenting evidence. The SERM ensures that due respect is paid to the deceased lying within the scene, taking account of circumstances at that time. The uninjured are evacuated from the scene and emergency triage provided to the injured. Following this, the rescue phase can be declared over. The response phase moves into retrieval and investigation . The SERM assumes responsibility for the area contained within the inner cordon from the fire and rescue scene commander. The SERM assesses personnel, equipment and specialist assistance required for site clearance and the timescales involved using established JESIP principles to recover the deceased. For further information see Scene Evidence Recovery Manager Suggested Initial Actions. Responsibilities On appointment, the SERM is responsible for: overall scene management and coordination ensuring scene preservation and security appointing, tasking and coordinating specialists at the scene implementing predetermined strategies for identification and investigation obtaining evidence, including seizing and retaining personal property for identification and/or criminal investigation at the scene(s) completing all appropriate documentation chairing the scene