for an investigative interview. The ACPO Position Despite this positive feedback it must be acknowledged that these findings can only be seen as suggestive to date due to the limited nature of the evaluation. It is only based upon four case studies from UK forces and a survey from one force where eight respondents had used the tool in an investigative context. The current evaluation of the SAI tool lacks sufficient detail for the NIISG to endorse its application with confidence in an investigative setting. A more thorough empirically-based and in-depth evaluation needs to be conducted against each of the three objectives set down in the original proposal for the field trials. It is particularly important that any further evaluation includes the implications for the use of the tool in the Court process; the incidents to which it is best applied; the procedures that would need to be developed to ensure its appropriate use within the investigative context; and, the financial implications for Forces associated with its use. It is important to note that the SAI is not intended to replace an investigative interview; it is simply a tool that supports the interview process. Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by Dr. Nicky Miller, Principal Research Officer (Knowledge), National Policing Improvement Agency (NPIA). In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact Dr. Nicky Miller at nicky.miller@npia.pnn.police.uk, Gary Shaw (the National Interview Adviser) at gary.shaw@soca.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith (the National Vulnerable Witness Adviser) at kev.smith@soca.pnn.police.uk ACPO Position Statement: Maximising the Sentencing Guidelines within a Suspect Interview National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) MAXIMISING THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES WITHIN A SUSPECT INTERVIEW Introduction The use Sentencing Guidelines during the interview process with suspects has been the subject of considerable debate and divided opinion amongst investigative interviewers. Responses range from not mentioning the guidelines at all at any stage in the interview process to reference within the pre interview briefing to solicitors and alluding to them in the engage and explain phase within the interview itself. At the present time there is no consistent approach to such use. Background The use of a sliding scale of judicial credit when sentencing taking into account the stage at which a guilty plea is entered is a statutory obligation1 and the subject of guidance by the Sentencing Guidelines Council. The critical time for determining the reduction for a guilty plea is the first reasonable opportunity for the defendant to have indicated a willingness to plead guilty. This may vary with a wide range of factors and should be judged on each individual case including: (a) The first reasonable opportunity may be the first time that a defendant appears before the court and has the opportunity to plead guilty; (b) But the court may consider that it would be reasonable to have expected an indication of willingness even earlier, perhaps whilst under interview. For (a) and (b) to apply the court will need to be satisfied that the defendant (and any legal adviser)