the section 38 designation designates C as an officer of that description. (4) C shall have the powers and duties conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation. (5) A power or duty may be conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation only if C is permitted, under the relevant police collaboration provision, to discharge that power or duty for the purposes of the assisted force. (6) C shall not be authorised or required by virtue of the collaboration designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of discharging a power or duty conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation. (7) The collaboration designation must specify the restrictions and conditions to which C is subject in the discharge of the powers and duties conferred or imposed by the collaboration designation. (8) Those restrictions and conditions must include the restrictions and conditions specified in the relevant police collaboration provision. (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 93 Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (9) C is authorised or required to discharge any power or duty conferred or imposed by the collaboration designation subject to the restrictions and conditions specified in the collaboration designation. (10) References in this section to the discharge of functions by [F419persons designated under section 38 by the chief officer of police of the assisting force] for the purposes of the assisted force have the same meaning as in [F420section 23AA] of the Police Act 1996. (11) In this sectionÑ Òcivilian employeeÓ has the meaning given by section 23I of the Police Act 1996; Òrelevant police collaboration provisionÓ means provision, contained in a collaboration agreement under section 22A of the Police Act 1996, which is of the kind referred to in section 23AA of that Act. 38C Designations under section 38B: supplementary provision (1) The collaboration designation of C must be in accordance with the relevant police collaboration provision. (2) Subsection (1) is in addition to section 38B(5) and (8). (3) Subsections (8) and (9) of section 38 apply to any power exercisable by C in reliance on the collaboration designation as they apply to a power exercisable by a person in reliance on a designation under section 38. (4) In exercising or performing any power or duty in reliance on the collaboration designation, C is to be takenÑ (a) as exercising or performing that power or duty in reliance on that collaboration designation (and not in reliance on any designation under section 38); and