(c. 12) 53 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes This Part, as it applies by virtue of paragraph (a), has effect with any necessary modifications (and with any modifications specified in an order under section 185(7)). (4) In this section Òcommencement dayÓ means the day on which this Chapter comes into force. CHAPTER 3 CLOSURE OF PREMISES ASSOCIATED WITH NUISANCE OR DISORDER ETC Closure notices 76 Power to issue closure notices (1) A police officer of at least the rank of inspector, or the local authority, may issue a closure notice if satisfied on reasonable groundsÑ (a) that the use of particular premises has resulted, or (if the notice is not issued) is likely soon to result, in nuisance to members of the public, or (b) that there has been, or (if the notice is not issued) is likely soon to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises, and that the notice is necessary to prevent the nuisance or disorder from continuing, recurring or occurring. (2) A closure notice is a notice prohibiting access to the premises for a period specified in the notice. For the maximum period, see section 77. (3) A closure notice may prohibit accessÑ (a) by all persons except those specified, or by all persons except those of a specified description; (b) at all times, or at all times except those specified; (c) in all circumstances, or in all circumstances except those specified. (4) A closure notice may not prohibit access byÑ (a) people who habitually live on the premises, or (b) the owner of the premises, and accordingly they must be specified under subsection (3)(a). (5) A closure notice mustÑ (a) identify the premises; (b) explain the effect of the notice; (c) state that failure to comply with the notice is an offence; (d) state that an application will be made under section 80 for a closure order; (e) specify when and where the application will be heard; (a) 54 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date.