relates. All details provided within the Right of Access Request will be held for the purposes of facilitating disclosure in line with the Data Subjects rights of access. Copies of requests and accompanying documents will be scanned into the associated task and retained for a maximum of 36 months from the date the request is closed. This is in line with our retention schedule. The decision maker will review the information being requested and access the appropriate computer systems in order to locate the records/information being sought. These records will then be saved in to the associated folder within ÔSharePointÕ for disclosure to be considered and facilitated. The decision maker will apply any redactions and restrictions on access to information as per Data Protection legislation and fully record the decisions for these on the task. This includes the redaction of third party and operationally sensitive material. It should be noted that it is now a legislative requirement to articulate the reasons for a decision to restrict (whether wholly or partly) the rights of a data subject. During the course of their research, decision makers may have cause to liaise with individual Police Officers or Departments in order to locate any specified records or information falling within the scope of the Data SubjectÕs request. The decision maker must not be impeded in this research and any records requested by the decision maker should be provided to them in order for them to consider any exemptions on disclosure. Where possible, supplying officers/staff/departments should make the decision maker aware of any areas of sensitivity, however, it is the responsibility of the decision maker to apply any appropriate exemptions on disclosure. Any exemptions placed on disclosure should be done in line with the Data Protection legislation. Deleted Information - Information is ÔdeletedÕ when you try to permanently discard it and you have no intention of ever trying to access it again. The ICOÕs view is that, if you delete personal data held in electronic form by removing it (as far as possible) from your computer systems, the fact that expensive technical expertise might enable it to be recreated does not mean you must go to such efforts to respond to a Right of Access request. The contents of emails stored on Force computer systems are a form of electronic record to which the general principles above apply. For the avoidance of doubt, you should not regard the contents of an email as deleted merely because it has been moved to a userÕs ÔDeleted itemsÕ folder. It is not acceptable to amend or delete the data if you would not otherwise have done so. Under the DPA 2018, it is an offence to make any amendment with the intention of preventing its disclosure. 2.4 Disclosure Under Data Protection legislation, an individual is only entitled to their own personal information, held by a data controller. The decision maker will review records located as a result of their research and will remove any information which relates to