worn. Socks and Hosiery also known as Tights Socks and hosiery worn with uniform will be plain black or dark blue. Socks and hosiery worn with by non uniform officers and staff will be on a conservative nature which match or compliment the clothing choice. Footwear Wiltshire Police issue footwear will be worn by uniformed officers, special constables and PCSOs whilst engaged in operational policing duties. Alternative footwear will be issued subject to a risk assessment for specialist roles when required, e.g. motorcyclists. Uniformed officers, PSCOs and Detention Officers will wear Force issue black boots which are appropriate for the role to be performed. Uniformed Staff will wear black footwear appropriate for the role to be performed and will have plain fronts and low flat heel. Wiltshire Police do not provide footwear for staff members unless there is a specific role requirement for PPE which shall be determined by risk assessment. Rubber or wellington boots may be worn when conditions require. The Supplies Department hold a stock, should wellington boots be required for operational use. All footwear will be clean and polished and free from coloured motifs, laces or patterns. During the course of duty, footwear inevitably becomes dirty, but it is expected that officers will report for duty with clean footwear. If there are documented medical reasons to wear adapted footwear then this can be permitted under the authority of the Manger or Supervisor. Gloves Black Leather slash resistant gloves are standard issue for all uniformed staff and are worn at the discretion of the individual. Gloves must not be worn during shirtsleeve order unless there is a specific operational requirement to do so. Specialist and safety gloves are provided as dictated by risk assessment and must be worn and used as intended. 13. Standards of Dress Ð Appearance Head to Toe Hair Public facing uniformed officers and staff must wear their hair above the collar; this shall include those with diversity needs. Hair may be trimmed to comply or tied back and secured close to the head. Ponytails are not acceptable. Adornments other than slides, grips ties or bun nets should not be worn unless for diversity needs which has been subjected to a risk assessment in relation to the specific role. Unconventional hairstyles which may cause ridicule and question the professionalism of the wearer are not permitted. This could include patterns or motifs cut into the hair or conspicuously unnatural colours or structures. Non uniformed officers and staff should reflect the professional image of Wiltshire Police. Facial Hair Uniformed officers and staff shall present themselves for duty in a clean shaven or neatly trimmed bearded state for health and safety reasons. If a beard can be grabbed and the person pulled by it, then it is too long. This means that the development/growing of a beard must take place during rest days or annual leave. Where an individual needs to maintain a long beard for diversity needs, this will be accommodated subject to a risk assessment being