general behaviour. The parent/guardian of the applicant will be required to give authority for the police to approach the head teacher of their son/daughters school. A standard letter will then be sent to the school requesting factual details and history of the applicantÕs behaviour and maturity. The details included in any response from the school will be taken into account when deciding whether or not to issue a certificate. In order to facilitate the above the Chief Constable has delegated his authority under s55 of the Firearms Act 1968 (as amended) and Regulation 2 of the Control of Explosives Regulations 1991 to the: Head of Operational Support Services, the Firearms & Explosives Licensing Manager and the Senior Firearms Licensing Officer. This policy applies to all matters relating to the Firearms Licensing function with exception to the seizure of firearms and revocation of certificates, which is dealt with separately in the Firearm and Shotgun Certificate Holders Coming to Police Notice (Seizure of Weapons and Certificates) procedure document. POLICY AIM This policy explains how Wiltshire Police will approach the administration of firearm, shotgun and explosives licensing, in accordance with current legislation and Home Office guidance. APPLICABILITY This policy is aimed primarily at Police Staff within the Firearms Licensing Department, although it remains relevant to other Police Officers and Police Staff who may deal with related matters. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE The legal basis for this policy is derived from; • The Firearms Act 1968. • The Firearms Act 1982. • The Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. • Firearms Acts (Amendment) Regulations 1992. • Firearms (Amendment) Act 1994. • Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997. • Firearms (Amendment) (No2) Act 1997. • The Firearms Rules 1998. • 1991 EC Directive (91/477/ECC) Control of the Acquisition and Possession of Weapons. • Sections 37, 38 & 39 of the Anti-Social Behaviour Act 2003. • Amendments to the Firearms Act 1968 introduced by the Violent Crime Reduction Bill 2006. • Explosives Regulations 2014 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Firearm & Shotgun Certificate Holders coming to Police Notice Procedure Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure Home Office Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Statutory guidance for chief officers of police on firearms licensing AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Major Investigation and Public Protection > Firearms Licensing DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW The Firearms Licensing Department is responsible for the accuracy and integrity of this document. This policy will be continuously monitored and updated when appropriate, to ensure full compliance with legislation. The Firearms Licensing Department will review this process to ensure that all aspects are being adhered to in accordance with the framework of this policy. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Firearms Licensing Department is responsible for