measures and a Community Concern Assessment. • Named suspects will be discussed within hub DMMs in order that proactive attempts are made in arresting the suspect and that the investigation is progressed diligently. • It will be the responsibility of the OICs supervisor in ensuring that Hierarchical Reviews are completed in line with current policy. • Ensuring that investigating officers provide victims with their name, contact details and Niche reference number at the earliest opportunity. • Ensuring that where needed Victim Personal Statements are recorded and that in longer running cases that they are reviewed and consideration given to obtaining a further VPS. • Ensure that the Community Coordinator for the area in which the incident or crime took place is informed, providing niche reference number, and details of any assistance needed • Ensuring that where needed, the Community Coordinator involves local partners in a multi-agency approach to supporting the victim and managing the offender and/or location • Ensuring cases that require a multi-agency intervention are channelled by Community Policing Team Inspector or Community Area Deputy to ASB Steering Group Meetings. 10.3 The Intelligence department will ensure that all Hate Crimes and Incidents are represented on the Daily Management Meeting (DMM) Risk Management Portal for daily scrutiny by senior officers. 10.4 The Hate Crime Champion for Wiltshire Police will be the Equality and Diversity Development Officer. 10.5 The strategic lead for hate crime will be the Superintendent for Crime Standards and Justice. MULTI-AGENCY FORUMS (Including Hate Crime Advisors) 11.1 In the case of repeat victims or repeat offenders involved in Hate Crime or Hate Incidents, CPT Inspectors will ensure that the case is taken forward for discussion at ASBRAC/ASB Steering Group Meetings. 11.2 At Sector Tasking, the CPT Inspector will be responsible for agreeing and coordinating a multi-agency action plan tailored to tackle the issues associated with an individual case. They will record any agreed plan on the Niche Occurrence and ensure associated actions are undertaken and recorded on the Niche Occurrence Enquiry Log (OEL). 11.3 There are voluntary sector agencies that exist that should be invited to ASBRAC/ASB Steering Group Meetings when it is known that a Hate Crime or Hate Incident will be discussed. These groups will be able to provide a valuable insight into the cultural aspects of the issues at hand, thereby enhancing the service that we can provide to victims. 11.4 Hate Crime Advisors are responsible for: • Identifying groups that could be vulnerable to hate incidents and crimes and engaging with them in structured and meaningful ways • • Making contact with victims of hate incidents/crimes • Signposting and working with other agencies to offer and provide relevant and appropriate support to victims • Liaising with investigating officers Further guidance and a list of Hate Crime Advisors by area can be found at: https://wiltspolice.sharepoint.com/sites/PPD-CS/SitePages/Hate-Crime-advisors.aspx. RADICALISATION 12.1 The Counter Terrorism and Security Act 2015 places a general duty on specified authorities to have due regard to the need to prevent people from being drawn into