(d) the powers conferred on senior officers by section 127G.” at the end of the heading insert “ etc ”. The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) is amended as follows. After section 195 insert— “Search and seizure powers 195A Sections 195B to 195S: meaning of “appropriate officer” In sections 195B to 195S “appropriate officer” means— an officer of Revenue and Customs, a constable, or an accredited financial investigator. In subsection (1)(c) the reference to an accredited financial investigator is a reference to an accredited financial investigator who falls within a description specified in an order made for the purposes of that provision by the Secretary of State under section 453. 195B Conditions for exercise of powers An appropriate officer may exercise the power conferred by section 195C if satisfied that any of the following conditions is met. The first condition is that— a criminal investigation has been started in Northern Ireland with regard to an indictable offence, a person has been arrested for the offence, 66 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes proceedings for the offence have not yet been started against the person in Northern Ireland, there is reasonable cause to believe that the person has benefited from conduct constituting the offence, and a restraint order is not in force in respect of any realisable property. The second condition is that— a criminal investigation has been started in Northern Ireland with regard to an indictable offence, a person has been arrested for the offence, proceedings for the offence have not yet been started against the person in Northern Ireland, and a restraint order is in force in respect of any realisable property. The third condition is that— proceedings for an indictable offence have been started in Northern Ireland and have not been concluded, there is reasonable cause to believe that the defendant has benefited from conduct constituting the offence, and a restraint order is not in force in respect of any realisable property. The fourth condition is that— proceedings for an indictable offence have been started in Northern Ireland and have not been concluded, and a restraint order is in force in respect of any realisable property. The fifth condition is that— an application by the prosecutor has been made under section 169, 170, 177 or 178 and not concluded, or the officer believes that such an application is to be made, and there is reasonable cause to believe that the defendant has benefited from criminal conduct. The sixth condition is that— an application