issued before the time when the amendments made by this section come into force, those amendments apply to the extradition concerned only if, at that time, the judge has not yet decided all of the questions in section 11(1) of that Act. 158 Hostage-taking considerations (1) Section 16 of the Extradition Act 2003 (extradition to category 1 territory barred by reason of hostage-taking considerations) is repealed. (2) In section 11 of that Act (bars to extradition), paragraph (e) of subsection (1) is omitted. (3) In a case where the Part 1 warrant (within the meaning of the Extradition Act 2003) has been issued before the time when the amendments made by this section come into force, those amendments apply to the extradition concerned only if, at that time, the judge has not yet decided all of the questions in section 11(1) of that Act. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 139 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 159 Request for temporary transfer etc Before section 22 of the Extradition Act 2003 there is insertedÑ Ò21B Request for temporary transfer etc (1) This section applies ifÑ (a) a Part 1 warrant is issued which contains the statement referred to in section 2(3) (warrant issued for purposes of prosecution for offence in category 1 territory), and (b) at any time before or in the extradition hearing, the appropriate judge is informed that a request under subsection (2) or (3) has been made. (2) A request under this subsection is a request by a judicial authority of the category 1 territory in which the warrant is issued (Òthe requesting territoryÓ)Ñ (a) that the person in respect of whom the warrant is issued be temporarily transferred to the requesting territory, or (b) that arrangements be made to enable the person to speak with representatives of an authority in the requesting territory responsible for investigating, prosecuting or trying the offence specified in the warrant. (3) A request under this subsection is a request by the person in respect of whom the warrant is issuedÑ (a) to be temporarily transferred to the requesting territory, or (b) that arrangements be made to enable the person to speak with representatives of an authority in the requesting territory responsible for investigating, prosecuting or trying the offence specified in the warrant. (4) The judge must order further proceedings in respect of the extradition to be adjourned if the judge thinks it necessary to do so to enable the