Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 8 Duty to have regard to police and crime plan (1) A police and crime commissioner must, in exercising the functions of commissioner, have regard to the police and crime plan issued by the commissioner. (2) The chief constable of the police force for a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996 must, in exercising the functions of chief constable, have regard to the police and crime plan issued by the police and crime commissioner for that police area. (3) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must, in exercising the functions of the Office, have regard to the police and crime plan issued by the Office. (4) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must, in exercising the functions of Commissioner, have regard to the police and crime plan issued by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (5) The Secretary of State may give guidance to a person subject to a duty under this section about how that duty is to be complied with. (6) A person given such guidance must have regard to the guidance. (7) Before giving guidance under subsection (5) the Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime commissioners, (b) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, (c) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of chief officers of police, and (d) such other persons as the Secretary of State thinks fit. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 13 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) F89 Crime and disorder reduction grants . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 Co-operative working (1) The elected local policing body for a police area must, in exercising its functions, have regard to the relevant priorities of each responsible authority. (2) The elected local policing body for a police area, in exercising its functions, and a responsible authority, in exercising its functions conferred by or under section 6 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 in relation to that police area, must act in co-operation with each other. (3) The elected local policing body for a police area, and the criminal justice bodies