incident management - Guidance overview This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Critical incident management 1 min read Critical incident management (CIM) has its origins in the response to the public inquiry which followed the investigation into the murder of Stephen Lawrence in 1993. The overriding tenet is risk management. However, a number of principles underpin CIM. It is rarely one factor alone or the actions or inactions of just one person that cause a critical incident. Different types of incidents can become critical. Often they are regarded as high profile, serious or homicide related, but this is not always the case. The police service has a duty to respond to every incident in the appropriate way, first time every time and at every level. A proactive response prevents a significant loss of confidence in the police. Tags Critical incidents 24/03/2025 Critical incident management linked reference material https://www.college.police.uk/app/critical-incident-management/critical-incident-management-linked- reference-material Page Critical incident management linked reference material This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 18 September 2014 Updated 20 January 2020 Written by College of Policing Critical incident management 1 min read Linked reference material for APP on critical incident management. Joint Doctrine (JESIP) 2010-11 British Crime Survey Case study: The death of Mary Fox Case study: The murder of Aamir Siddiqi Characteristics of critical incidents College of Policing Foundations for senior leaders (FSL) College of Policing Leading powerful partnerships College of Policing Senior leadership development programme (SLP) College of Policing Strategic command course (SCC) Core leadership development programme (CLDP) Gov.uk website Independent Police Complaints Commission (2013) Statutory guidance to the police service on the handling of complaints Independent Police Complaints Commission findings from investigation into GMP contact with David Askew Independent Police Complaints Commission Fiona Pilkington investigation report Macpherson, W. (1999) The Stephen Lawrence Inquiry Ministry of Justice (2015) The Code of Practice for Victims of Crime NPIA (2007) Strategic Debrief – Operation Sumac (available to users logged on to College Learn) Review into the Damilola Taylor Murder Investigation Sir Ronnie Flannagan’s Report into Operation Fincham Support at a Time of Loss Back to Critical incident management overview Tags Critical incidents Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 2001 CHAPTER 16 An Act to make provision for combatting crime and disorder; to make provision about the disclosure of information relating to criminal matters and about powers of search and seizure; to amend the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, the Police and Criminal Evidence (Northern Ireland) Order 1989 and the Terrorism Act 2000; to make provision about the police,