or organisation to whom the information relates. Relates to personal data and disclosure to a member of the public would contravene any of the data protection principles or s 10 DPA. The person to whom the personal data relates. HOW THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS MAY BE CARRIED OUT 3.41. This section outlines how the Government believes the duties described may best be carried out. It describes good practice. Category 1 responders must have regard to this guidance. 21 Types of Information 3.42. It may be helpful for Category 1 and 2 responders to think about their use of information in the round, and consider how streams of information interact. 3.1. 21 s. 3(3)(b) PAGE 20 3.43. There are various types of information. Information may be suitable for some audiences, but not others. And the circulation of information can be limited to certain classes of organisation or individual. 3.44. It is important not to think of information as being either public or private. The picture is much more nuanced, with a spectrum which runs from limited-access information (even within organisations) through to information intended to be absorbed and understood by the public. 3.45. However, there are certainly controls on the free flow of information. Access is limited in a range of ways including physical access, restrictive markings, circulation lists, the Ôneed-to-knowÕ principle and targeting particular audiences. Protective marking There are 6 key points for protectively marking material. These are: o Not Protectively Marked; o Protect; o Restricted; o Confidential; o Secret; and o Top Secret. The large range of information that can be covered by PROTECT means that a descriptor should be used e.g. ÒPROTECT - FOR LOCAL RESILIENCE FORUM USE ONLYÓ. Material which contains sensitive personal data should be marked ÒPROTECT Ð PERSONAL DATAÓ. The non-statutory guidance document, Security Vetting and Protective Markings: A guide for Emergency Responders, describes the classification for each heading. It is however unlikely that responders will have a frequent need to work with highly classified material, but nevertheless, should understand the classification for each heading. Security vetting There are three types of personnel security controls (vetting levels) that affect access to protectively marked information. These are: o Baseline Standard (BS) Ð previously known as Basic Check (BC) and also known as Baseline Personnel Security Standard (BPSS). This standard may enable those who are cleared to have access up to CONFIDENTIAL and occasional controlled access to SECRET material. o Security Check (SC) - This standard may enable those who have been cleared to have long term, frequent and uncontrolled access to SECRET information or assets; and occasional controlled access to TOP SECRET. o Developed Vetting (DV) Ð This standard may enable those who are cleared to have long term, frequent and uncontrolled access to TOP SECRET information or assets. Incidents of a sensitive nature In the rare case of an extremely sensitive incident, such as a nuclear or terrorist attack, it is important that Category 1 and 2 responders assess the appropriateness