strengthen its oversight by introducing a system of routine inspections to obtain assurance from landlords that they are complying with the consumer standards. This will be based on a risk profile to ensure that those landlords at greatest risk of failing, or where failure might have the greatest impact on tenants, are subject to greater oversight. As part of this we expect the Regulator of Social Housing, subject to meeting any wider priorities, to aim to inspect those landlords with over 1,000 homes every 4 years. It may carry out inspections at more frequent intervals where a routine inspection finds a breach or significant risk of a breach of its standards. • Expect the Regulator of Social Housing to undertake specific, reactive investigations and/or inspections where appropriate. This could be when a serious potential compliance breach has been brought to its attention by tenants (such as systemic failure to act on fire risk assessment recommendations); by the Housing Ombudsman through its new powers to investigate potential systemic issues; or if the regulator wants to carry out bespoke inspections. • Expect the Regulator of Social Housing to be transparent where a landlord is found non-compliant with its standards, by publishing its findings from its inspections and investigations and the details of any enforcement action it will take. We will also expect the regulator to be clear where, following routine inspections, it is assured that a landlord is compliant with the standards. 57. It is for the regulator to decide the most appropriate approach to delivering these requirements, but we will expect it to engage with tenants and landlords in designing the new approach as well as: • Being clear on how it will determine which landlords to inspect, and how it will meet the aim to routinely inspect those with over 1,000 homes every 4 years. • Setting out the different approaches to inspections and likely notice periods involved. Box D: Proactive and reactive inspections Inspections will be an important source of assurance that social landlords (local authorities and private registered providers) are complying with the consumer standards. Subject to consultation with tenants, landlords and other stakeholders, these are likely to involve three key stages: 1. A desk-top review to analyse information that the regulator obtains from a number of sources to identify landlords that are at risk of potential systemic non-compliance with the consumer standards. The review will be carried out once a year for all registered landlords. Information may come from a number of sources, including tenant satisfaction measures (about which further detail is set out above in Chapter 2), evidence of systemic issues raised by tenants or others, and information from other regulators and the Housing Ombudsman. 2. A new risk-based programme of routine inspections. This will prioritise those providers that the desk top review has identified as high risk and will seek assurance about those landlordsÕ compliance with the consumer standards. The regulator may inspect landlords at any time and could take account of a number of