or Imprisonment for Public Protection, and c) standard determinate sentence prisoners who have been recalled to custody after having breached their licence conditions. 47 For example, where it might put someone Ð the offender, victim or other person, at risk. 1 The Parole Board and Victim Personal Statements When can I make a Victim Personal Statement to the Parole Board? You can make a new Victim Personal Statement any time leading up to the parole review, but it must be submitted in good time in order for the Parole Board to read it. If there is to be a parole oral hearing the Victim Personal Statement should be submitted at least eight weeks in advance. A parole hearing is unlikely to be delayed to allow for a late Victim Personal Statement to be submitted. Can I change my mind or update my Victim Personal Statement? You can update your Victim Personal Statement or write a new one, but you will need to withdraw a previous version first. You can write a new statement for each parole review that may take place. Will the offender be able to see my Victim Personal Statement? The overriding principle is that the offender will see all information related to the parole review, unless in very exceptional circumstances the Parole Board agrees not to disclose it to the offender. This practice is consistent with the fundamental principles of our criminal justice system. However, if you do not wish the offender to read your statement you may ask your Victim Liaison Officer to apply for the statement to be withheld, under a non-disclosure application. There are rules about this which will need to be followed, including strict timeframes for making a request (eight weeks ahead of an oral hearing) and specific reasons for when information can be withheld, which are set out in the Parole Board Rules 2019. The final decision lies with the Parole Board. If the Board agrees not to disclose your Victim Personal Statement, the prisonerÕs solicitor may still have sight of it, although he/she may be required not to disclose it to the prisoner. If you request non-disclosure and the Parole Board turns it down, you may withdraw your Victim Personal Statement. Further questions or help recording your Victim Personal Statement If you have questions about making a Victim Personal Statement, how it will be used or what to include, you can speak to your Victim Liaison Officer. They can also help you to record your personal statement. Asking for a parole decision to be reviewed48 (Reconsideration Mechanism) 11.9 The Parole Board considers certain offenders for parole (release on licence) or re-release following recall and does so based on their risk of harm to the public. 11.10 If the Parole Board decides it is safe to release an offender the decision is provisional for 2149 calendar days in the majority of cases (except standard determinate recalls50). The Secretary of State may ask the Parole Board to reconsider the decision during this period,