Procedure (SyOPs). No departure from or amendment to the SyOPs is permitted. All authorised users of Airwave radios have a personal responsibility for the preservation of the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and information / communications systems / devices entrusted to them. Once issued, whether on a long or short-term basis, users of Airwave radios become directly responsible for the for the physical security of the radio and any ancillary equipment. Equipment loss / compromise has the potential to endanger Wiltshire Police communications and the communications of other Airwave Service subscribers. 22.4.1 User Responsibilities Once issued with an Airwave Radio, the following key responsibilities are transferred: • In the event of a radio being lost, stolen or showing evidence of tampering, it must be reported as soon as is practicable to the Divisional Radio Custodian, or out of normal duty hours, to the Force Critical Incident Manager or Force Operations Room Supervisor. In addition to this, a 232 report must be submitted to Line Manager outlining the exact circumstances of the loss for further investigation. • Holders must ensure that when the radio is not in use it is powered down, returned to secure storage at the end of each duty period, never left unattended and if unserviceable, returned directly to the Divisional Radio Custodian. • Annual audits will be conducted on all personally issued radios and when requested to do so, holders must confirm they are still in possession of the asset. Failure to do so may result in the radio being disabled on the network as a security precaution. 22.4.2 Supervisory Responsibilities Supervisors and managers have a responsibility for ensuring all authorised users of Airwave Services comply with Infosec and other complementary policies and procedures. A proactive approach should be taken to ensure compliance with SyOPs including reporting actual or suspected instances of non-compliance or other breaches of security. Supervisors are responsible for the security and oversight of the Temporary Pool booking out process. The key to the Temporary Pool radio cabinet must be kept secure at all times and only accessible to authorised personnel. 23. ACCESS CONTROL LEVEL (ACL) OF NICHE AND OTHER RECORDS Restricting access to Police databases may cause potential risk to individuals and the organisation as previous history and intelligence may not be visible to parts of the workforce. The request to restrict records will therefore need to be justified with a documented rationale balanced against the requirement to protect the integrity of an investigation. For guidance on the application/review/removal of ACL please refer to the Procedural Guide to the Application / Review / Removal of Access Control List (ACL) in NICHE RMS. 23.1 Authorisation to Apply ACL Authorisation to ACL a Niche record or entry on another type of database is to be authorised by the Senior Investigating Officer (Inspector / Police Staff equivalent or above). Such authorisation will only be given when certain circumstances apply. These will be as follows: • A record relating to a matter which is currently subject