could originate from the National Monitoring Centre (NMC), these will be managed similarly within the force with national oversight by NMC. NEED TO KNOW The effective use (including the sharing) of information is a key priority for the Force and OPCC. Access to information and supporting processes is required for the efficient conduct and management of operations but will be limited to those with a demonstrable need to know and use it who have been appropriately security cleared. In all cases, access to information will be on a least privilege basis. Information and other assets, including supporting processes will be managed and safeguarded to documented levels throughout their lifecycle, including creation, storage, transmission and disposal. Asset Classification & Control The Force and OPCC has adopted the Government Security Classification Scheme Protecting Personal Data Personal data will be protected from unauthorised access, disclosure, release and loss, and will be handled in accordance with prevailing legislative requirements and specific minimum measures covering access, removable media, controlled disposal, authentication and audit and those with access to or management responsibility for personal data will undergo appropriate training. Information Sharing Agreements (ISA) will explicitly address security requirements. PHYSICAL SECURITY People, information, infrastructure and equipment assets will be afforded physical protection commensurate with the threat, the impact / consequence of loss / compromise, vulnerability, value and local circumstances / environment. The layered / defence in depth approach incorporating prevention, detection, response and recovery is detailed in the Physical Security Policy. Headline expectations (clear desk, security furniture, clear screen, start cease work checks etc) are addressed in SyOPs. SECURITY EDUCATION AWARENESS & TRAINING All personnel will receive appropriate instruction with regard to information security and will be required to re-affirm compliance with the Policy at regular intervals. Additionally, all personnel are required to ensure they remain current with 'Practice Directions' published for reference on the Intranet / SharePoint. PRACTICE DIRECTIONS Practice Directions provide personnel with guidance on specific subjects and should be read in conjunction both with this Policy and, where appropriate, the relevant SyOPs POLICY AIM This Policy applies to all information (including information processes) and assets owned by the Force and the OPCC. The Policy provides a common basis for the Force and OPCC to develop, implement and measure effective information security management practices. APPLICABILITY This Policy applies to all Police Officers, Police and OPCC Staff, Special Constables, Volunteers and employees from agencies or organisations who by the nature of their role, are required to access Force and OPCC information and information assets. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE BS ISO/IEC 27001:2005 BS 7799-2:2005 Human Rights Act 1998 Computer Misuse Act 1990 Data Protection Act 2018 Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 Freedom of Information Act 2000 Official Secrets Act 1989 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Acceptable Use of Force Systems Policy Information Risk Management Policy Mobile and Remote Working Policy Physical Security Policy Third Party / Supplier Remote Access Policy NPCC Information Systems Community Security Policy HMG Security Policy Framework HMG InfoSec Standards AUTHORISED