calibres such as the .38 may be considered if the applicant has to deal regularly with large or dangerous animals (for example, horses, water buffalo, bison, Highland cattle or larger deer species). Police forces should note that self-loading (semi-automatic) handguns should not be authorised for the slaughter or humane destruction of animals, as it is not possible to permanently adapt the capacity of handguns which make use of a removable magazine. Note that section 3 does not refer to the use of any particular cartridge. 12.39 Sound moderators for pistols should generally be authorised only for veterinary surgeons working at racecourses. Adapted conventional handguns are not generally considered suitable for humane dispatch. The use of solid slug 102 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ammunition for shot guns should normally be authorised only for staff on wild boar farms or other farming establishments, though veterinary surgeons may also have a need for solid slug to destroy large animals such as bulls. The Humane Slaughter Association (HSA) advises that solid slug for shot guns should only be used from a distance and with a suitable backstop. The HSA also advise that, under such circumstances, a suitably powerful rifle may be more accurate. Comprehensive guidance on the humane killing of animals is available from the HSA. 12.40 The humane killing of sick or injured animals is distinct from the slaughter of animals for human consumption. The provision of free firearm certificates applies only to the latter category (see section 32(3) of the 1968 Act). Slaughtering 12.41 The slaughter of animals for human consumption will often be carried out using captive-bolt instruments that are not considered ÒfirearmsÓ for legal purposes. However, authorisation to possess and acquire a free-bullet slaughtering instrument may be granted to proprietors of slaughterhouses, knackermen, deer and wild boar farmers, butchers and farmers, smallholders and crofters who need to slaughter their own animals. Expanding ammunition should also be authorised for this purpose. 12.42 Under section 10 of the 1968 Act, no certificate is required for a person holding a relevant licence (meaning a person who holds a certificate of competence or licence to kill animals under the Welfare of Animals at the Time of Killing (England) Regulations 2015, a person who holds a certificate of competence or licence to kill animals under the Welfare of Animals at the Time of Killing (Wales) Regulations 2014 or a person who holds a certificate of competence to kill animals under the Welfare of Animals at the Time of Killing (Scotland) Regulations 2012) to possess a slaughtering instrument or ammunition in any slaughterhouse or knackerÕs yard where they are employed. 12.43 Under section 32(3) of the 1968 Act, no fee is payable for a firearm certificate issued in respect of a slaughtering instrument or ammunition thereof which the applicant requires for the humane slaughter of animals. Tranquillising Animals 12.44 Tranquillising equipment such as dart guns and blowpipes are normally considered prohibited weapons that discharge noxious substances under section 5(1)(b) of the 1968 Act. However, under