discharge of their functions by chief officers of police if the College considers thatÑ (a) it is necessary to do so in order to promote the efficiency and effectiveness of police forces generally, (b) it is necessary to do so in order to facilitate the carrying out by members of any two or more police forces of joint or co-ordinated operations, or (c) it is for any other reason in the national interest to do so.Ó (3) In subsection (2), for ÒThe Secretary of State mayÓ there is substituted Ò The College of Policing may, with the approval of the Secretary of State, Ó. (4) For subsection (4) there is substitutedÑ Ò(4) The College of Policing shall consult with the National Crime Agency before issuing or revising a code of practice under this section.Ó (5) In subsection (5), for ÒhimÓ there is substituted Ò the College of Policing Ó. 106 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 11 Ð Policing etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 125 Guidance by the College about employment of civilian staff After section 53D of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ ÒCivilian staff 53E Guidance about civilian staff employed by local policing bodies and chief officers (1) In this section Òrelevant civilian staffÓ means individuals, other than constables, whoÑ (a) are employed by a local policing body or a chief officer of police, or (b) provide services to a local policing body or a chief officer of police, in pursuance of contractual arrangements but without being employed by the body or officer, and can be expected to have frequent contact with members of the public in the course of doing so. (2) The College of Policing may issue guidance to local policing bodies and chief officers of police with regard toÑ (a) the experience or qualifications to be expected of relevant civilian staff; (b) the training to be undertaken by such staff. (3) The College may from time to time revise the whole or any part of any guidance issued under this section. (4) The College shall publish any guidance issued under this section and any revision of it. (5) In discharging any function to which guidance under this section relates, a local policing body or chief officer of police shall have regard to the guidance.Ó 126 Power to give directions to the College After section 40B of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ Ò40C Power to give directions to College of Policing (1) The