Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 8 Ð Miscellaneous provisions Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) For subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) The Secretary of State and the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may enter into agreements with respect to the level of performance to be achieved by the metropolitan police force in respect of any of its national or international functions. (1A) The Secretary of State and the police and crime commissioner that maintains a police force may enter into agreements with respect to the level of performance to be achieved by the police force in respect of any of its national or international functions. (1B) The Secretary of State and the Common Council may enter into agreements with respect to the level of performance to be achieved by the City of London police force in respect of any of its national or international functions.Ó. (4) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) for Òthe metropolitan police forceÓ substitute Ò a police force Ó; (b) for ÒMetropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. (5) In subsection (3), for ÒThe Metropolitan Police AuthorityÓ substitute Ò A local policing body Ó. (6) Omit subsection (4). (7) Omit section 96B of the Police Act 1996 (national and international functions: application of requirements relating to reports etc). Police: complaints 95 Police: complaints Schedule 14 (police: complaints) has effect. CHAPTER 8 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 96 Interpretation of Police Act 1996 (1) Section 101 of the Police Act 1996 (interpretation) is amended as follows. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 89 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 8 Ð Miscellaneous provisions Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) after the definition of ÒCity of London police areaÓ insertÑ ÒÒCommon CouncilÓ means the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as police authority for the City of London police area; Òelected local policing bodyÓ meansÑ (a) a police and crime commissioner; (b) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; Òlocal policing bodyÓ meansÑ (a) a police and crime commissioner (in relation to a police area listed in Schedule 1); (b) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (in relation to the metropolitan police district); (c) the Common Council (in relation to the City of London police area); ÒMayor's Office for Policing and CrimeÓ means the body established under section 3 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011;Ó; (b) after the definition of Òmetropolitan police districtÓ insertÑ ÒÒnational or international functionsÓ means functions relating toÑ (a) the protection of prominent persons or their