material is likely to be supported by the Community Risk Register (CRR) and Category 1 respondersÕ generic planning arrangements. Specific plans, prepared in relation to specific risks and also supported by the CRR, are likely to include a requirement for much more detailed advice to the public on what may happen. Awareness-raising: what the public should do in an emergency 7.52. The Act requires information to be published about the risks and plans. Under the Act, plans describe the actions the Category 1 responders themselves will take in the event of an emergency. However, in practice, Category 1 responders may also want to attach to their plans details of possible useful actions that the public could do to help themselves. These may include obtaining in advance useful protective or preventive materials or other items to ensure community resilience in an emergency. It makes 28 s. 2(1)(f) sense for public awareness messages to include what the public should do in the face of the risk of emergency, to complement the actions that the Category 1 responders themselves propose to take. More information and advice is available through the Community Resilience Programme at www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/communityresilience. 7.53. Many local authorities and other bodies have websites and literature which provide either generic advice on emergencies, or detailed advice specific to their own areas of responsibility. 7.54. Each decision will clearly have to be based on a balance of assessment. Two types of publication may be found to be necessary o generic advice referring to the risks of emergencies in the locality; and o specific advice linked to particular risks and plans. The information should be designed to encourage members of the public to be prepared for the risks that they are most likely to face. Box 7.3: Examples of locally produced or topical Information How much to publish 7.55. The objective of this duty under the Act needs to be kept in mind. At all stages of the decision-making process, Category 1 responders should ask themselves whether the material published will enhance the publicÕs response in an emergency. In this regard, the mere fact of publication may have a beneficial effect on public confidence. Research suggests that people look to the authorities to Ôdo somethingÕ, and that they will be relieved and reassured to see that plans are in place. Unnecessary alarm 7.56. Any inclination towards full disclosure may be tempered by the requirement to Òhave regard to the need to avoid alarming the public unnecessarilyÓ. 29 Responders should consider the benefits of reducing the classification of sensitive information through various means to improve public understanding of risks and to establish some of the good practice highlighted in this chapter. 7.57. Information relating to events, particularly terrorist events, where the consequences would include mass fatalities and casualties could be unsettling and upsetting. However, there is a clear need to strike a balance between not causing public alarm and providing necessary information to enable people to understand the threat and respond in an appropriate manner in