hole should be such that it forms a snug fitting for the lock bolt and does not permit any movement of the door when locked. 51. Where a Banham, Chubb or Erebus lock is fitted, it must be protected by an anti-drilling plate. This plate can be built into the lock pocket or may be welded on to the outside of the door. 52. When the 6mm door pattern is chosen, the lock pockets must be fitted so that the edge of the angle is not cut through, but slotted to receive the pocket. 53. For inward opening doors, lock bolt receivers fabricated to the standards above must be continuously welded to the surround. They should be constructed to permit only necessary play in the door. Their vertical opening should allow for any flexing/expanding the door may need. 54. Door handles should be of weak construction to prevent their being used in any attack on the door. 55. Door surrounds may be fabricated of either: a) 100mm by 75mm by 10mm steel angle with a 100mm by10mm plate continuously welded to the "L" to produce a "T" section frame 200mm by 75mm by 10mm; or b) 200mm by 75mm by 10mm steel "T" section. 56. The surround must be secured by rag bolts or similar high strength masonry devices both on the external and internal faces of the "T" section surround. The fixings should not be greater than 400mm apart, and not more than 150mm from the corners. 57. The surround should be constructed to ensure that the edges of an outward opening door overlap the receiving face of the frame by at least 20mm. 58. If a double door unit is required, then the following additional items are required: a) the first closing leaf should have bolts fitted with a diameter or respective sides not less than 20mm. The bolt cases should be welded to the internal faces, top and bottom, engaging behind the frame or into a strong steel housing for a distance of not less than 20mm; b) a flat steel strip should be welded along the length of the edge of the first closing leaf to provide a rest-point for the second door and to conceal the location of the lock bolts; c) the doors require a minimum of three locks. 59. Ventilation/lighting: unless specifically required for air circulation, control of moisture etc. there should be no ventilation openings in the armoury. 60. In adapting existing premises, windows and other ventilation provisions should be removed and the opening made good to the level of the surrounding masonry etc. 61. Where ventilation is specifically required, the preferred options are: 8. a) ventilation in a wall already within another part of the premises; b) secure staggered ventilation in an external wall. 62. Ventilation openings should be constructed in the following way: external openings of all ducts or openings should be protected by metal grilles of not less than 2.5mm steel plate, secured into the surrounding walls with non-return