Students from minority and low-income backgrounds face unequal learning opportunities and limited exposure to “hidden curricula” compared to their more affluent peers, perpetuating inequality in higher education. Federal government mentorship programs such as TRIO, which are designed to help students overcome economic, social, academic, and cultural barriers in education do not address key elements of the hidden curriculum. The federal government should revamp TRIO programs to focus on hidden curricula, offering targeted initiatives in financial literacy, networking, career readiness, and academic navigation to help students effectively engage with professors, syllabi, office hours, and campus resources. Expanding federal TRIO programs to include initiatives on hidden curricula could better prepare students for the expectations of higher education, ensuring that low-income and first- generation students can successfully navigate the academic system. Implementation There is currently substantial bipartisan support for TRIO, demonstrated by the continuous support of increased funding by Congress. In 2023, a funding deal included a $54 million (4.7%) increase for TRIO in Fiscal Year (FY) 2023.10 Additionally, the Senate Appropriations Committee recently approved a FY25 funding bill for TRIO, raising its budget by $20 million over FY24. The bill passed with strong bipartisan support by a vote of 26-2.11 This reinforces the commitment to expanding the programs’ impact and highlights the feasibility of revamping programs to address hidden curricula. Given this, there should be broad support for ED to revamp TRIO programs. Under the Every Student Succeeds Act, the federal government allocates Title I funds to educational facilities serving low-income student populations, determined primarily by federal census poverty estimates and the cost of education in each state.12 To cover administrative needs — such as developing specific program modules, maintaining relevant information, and training staff — the federal government should bolster Title I funding to support the enhancement of these existing programs. This additional funding should extend to public higher education institutions, with private institutions also eligible to apply, provided they demonstrate financial need. To design the new initiatives, ED should first conduct a baseline needs assessment among higher education institutions currently offering TRIO programs to identify hidden curriculum challenges. ED should then collaborate with institutions to design curriculum modules, ensuring that program content aligns with the norms, expectations, and resources of differing institutions. To minimize additional costs of module implementation, ED should encourage institutions to partner with local organizations such as nonprofits and to connect with on-campus groups for guest speakers and peer mentors. Before nationwide implementation, ED should pilot these modules within an existing TRIO program to empirically validate the effectiveness of learning modules. Testing the modules at a single institution will allow for evaluation and adjustments, ensuring they are effective before expanding to widespread implementation. Following a successful pilot, TRIO funding from ED’s Higher Education Act, along with additional Title I funding, will support expanding the program across high-need institutions. Works Cited Hopkins, Laura, Lana Saciragic, Joanna Kim, and Glenn Posner. “The Hidden Curriculum: Exposing the Unintended Lessons of Medical Education.” Cureus, October 25, 2016. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/ articles/PMC5120972/. Cornbleth, Catherine.