(2008) MCA Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards (England and Wales). > In order to assist officers and staff Wiltshire Police and Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust will operate a Mental Health Control Room Triage (MHCRT) and LADS (CARS) schemes. All such schemes will be covered by robust service level agreements. Use of Restraint There will be occasions where it may be necessary to restrain an individual with a mental illness. Restraint and restrictive interventions need to be seen as a last resort, although they may be unavoidable. Where a person resists the restraint in a violent, prolonged manner the physical stress on the personÕs body may result in death or serious injury. Officers should not use methods of restraint on people with mental ill health or vulnerabilities unless absolutely necessary. They should reserve this for emergencies and circumstances in which the safety of the subject, the public, police officers and other professionals is at risk. Officers and staff must be aware of the heightened risks, during and post of the use of restraint, associated to Acute Behavioural Disorder (ABD) / Excited Delirium (ED). Suspected ABD / ED should be considered as a medical emergency until proved otherwise. Emergency medical aid should be provided by summoning an ambulance to take the person to an Emergency Department. The provision of such emergency medical care must take priority over the provision of mental health care. Likewise, if there is any suspicion that the person is otherwise physically ill or injured then medical care must be sought immediately. Many of the signs indicating ABD/ED are common to anyone behaving violently, therefore, it is important for officers and staff to recognise the difference between acute behavioural disorder and a violent outburst. Attention should be paid to: • Extremely aggressive/violent behaviour; • Excessive strength/continued struggle despite restraint; • Insensitive to pain Ð including the effects of CS or Taser; • Acute psychosis with fear of impending doom; • Constant physical activity without fatigue; • Hot to touch/profusely sweating/inappropriate state of undress; • Hyperthermia; • Tachypnoea (abnormally rapid breathing); • Tachycardia (abnormally rapid heart rate); • Sudden tranquillity after frenzied activity or vice versa. Being intoxicated with alcohol or drugs, substantially overweight or suffering respiratory muscle fatigue (exhaustion) are to be considered as heightened risk factors See also: Police Attendance Use of Restraint in Mental Health & Learning Disability Settings Joint Agency Protocol Community Treatment Orders (CTO) A CTO is a power given to the Responsible Clinician under the MHA to place certain conditions on which a patient must follow when they leave hospital, instead of being discharged completely. It is meant to ensure that the right treatment is received once the patient has left hospital and means keeping in touch with the MH Trust and to keep to certain regulations. It also means that the Responsible Clinician can bring the patient back into hospital if needed. A CTO does not apply to restricted or voluntary patients, or to patients detained for assessment under S2