Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 came into force, (c) the order includes a curfew requirement imposed under paragraph 9, and (d) the responsible officer considers that the variation condition is met. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 2 Ð Community sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 169 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The variation condition is met if, having regard to a change in the offenderÕs circumstances since the relevant order was made, it is appropriate toÑ (a) vary the start time of any of the curfew periods; (b) vary the relevant place in relation to any of those periods. (3) The responsible officer may, with the consent of the offender, give the offender notice (a Òvariation noticeÓ) specifyingÑ (a) the new start time of such of the curfew periods as are specified in the notice; (b) the new relevant place for such of the curfew periods as are so specified. (4) The effect of a variation notice is to vary the relevant order as specified in the notice, with effect from the date so specified. (5) A variation notice may specify different variations of the start time, or of the relevant place, for different days. (6) Before giving a variation notice containing provision pursuant to sub- paragraph (3)(b), the responsible officer must obtain and consider information about each place proposed to be specified in the notice. (7) That information must include information as to the attitude of persons likely to be affected by the offenderÕs enforced presence there. (8) A variation notice must notÑ (a) vary the length of any of the offenderÕs curfew periods; (b) in a case where the relevant order includes a residence requirement under paragraph 13, vary the relevant place in a way that is inconsistent with that requirement; (c) make any variation prohibited by sub-paragraph (9). (9) A variation is prohibited by this sub-paragraph ifÑ (a) the relevant order concerned includes an electronic compliance monitoring requirement imposed under paragraph 10(3) (a Òmonitoring requirementÓ), and (b) the responsible officer considers that, if the court had made the relevant order imposing the curfew requirement as varied by the variation, the courtÑ (i) would not have imposed the monitoring requirement, or (ii) would have imposed a different monitoring requirement. (10) The responsible officer must give the appropriate courtÑ (a) a copy of a variation notice given under this paragraph, and (b) evidence of the offenderÕs consent to the notice. (11) In this paragraphÑ (a) Òappropriate courtÓÑ (i) in relation to a community order, has the same meaning