force is a collaborative force if— its chief constable is a party to the agreement mentioned in subsection (1ZD); and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make applications for authorisations under section 28 or 29 to a person who is a designated person for the purposes of that section by reference to an office, rank or position with the Scottish authorising force.” In subsection (3), at the beginning insert “ “Subject to subsections (3ZB) and (3ZE),” ”. After subsection (3) insert— “(3ZA) Subsection (3ZB) applies if— the chief officer of police of a police force (“the surveillance authorising force”) has made an agreement under section 23(1) of the Police Act 1996 with the chief office of police of one or more other police forces; and an application for an authorisation for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance is made by a member of a collaborative force. (3ZB) A person who is a senior authorising officer by reference to the surveillance authorising force may— grant the authorisation; in a case where the authorisation is for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance in relation to any residential premises, grant the authorisation only in relation to premises in the area which is— the area of operation of a collaborative force; and specified in relation to members of that force in the agreement mentioned in subsection (3ZA). (3ZC) For the purposes of subsections (3ZA) and (3ZB) a police force is a collaborative force if— its chief officer of police is a party to the agreement mentioned in subsection (3ZA); and its members are permitted by the terms of the agreement to make applications for authorisations for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance to a person who is a senior authorising officer by reference to the surveillance authorising force. (3ZD) Subsection (3ZE) applies if— the chief constable of a Scottish police force (“the Scottish surveillance authorising force”) has made an agreement under section 12(1) of the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 with the chief constable of one or more other Scottish police forces; and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 13 Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes an application for an authorisation for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance is made by a member of a collaborative force. (3ZE) A person who is a senior authorising officer by reference to the Scottish surveillance authorising force may— grant the authorisation; in a case where the authorisation is for the carrying out of intrusive surveillance in relation to any residential premises, grant the authorisation only in relation