of a closure notice issued by a police officer and extended under section 77(4)(a), the officer who issued the extension notice (or, if that officer is not available, another officer of the same or higher rank); (c) in the case of a closure notice issued by a local authority, that authority. (a) 56 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 79 Service of notices (1) A closure notice, an extension notice, a cancellation notice or a variation notice must be served byÑ (a) a constable, in the case of a notice issued by a police officer; (b) a representative of the authority that issued the notice, in the case of a notice issued by a local authority. (2) The constable or local authority representative must if possibleÑ (a) fix a copy of the notice to at least one prominent place on the premises, (b) fix a copy of the notice to each normal means of access to the premises, (c) fix a copy of the notice to any outbuildings that appear to the constable or representative to be used with or as part of the premises, (d) give a copy of the notice to at least one person who appears to the constable or representative to have control of or responsibility for the premises, and (e) give a copy of the notice to the people who live on the premises and to any person who does not live there but was informed (under section 76(6)) that the notice was going to be issued. (3) If the constable or local authority representative reasonably believes, at the time of serving the notice, that there are persons occupying another part of the building or other structure in which the premises are situated whose access to that part will be impeded if a closure order is made under section 80, the constable or representative must also if possible serve the notice on those persons. (4) The constable or local authority representative may enter any premises, using reasonable force if necessary, for the purposes of complying with subsection (2)(a). (5) In this section ÒrepresentativeÓ, in relation to a local authority, meansÑ (a) an employee of the authority, or (b) a person, or employee or a person, acting on behalf of the authority. Closure orders 80 Power of court to make closure orders (1) Whenever a closure notice is issued an application must be made to a magistrates' court