prison custody. Option 1 Ð Create an offence of the unauthorised possession within prison (including Young Offender Institutes (YOI)) of a knife, or bladed or pointed weapon or other offensive weapon (as defined in section 1(9) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984) - a triable either way offence with a maximum penalty of four yearsÕ imprisonment. Option 1 is the preferred option as it meets the intended policy objectives set out in the previous section. Will the policy be reviewed? It will be reviewed. If applicable, set review date: June/2016 Does implementation go beyond minimum EU requirements? N/A Are any of these organisations in scope? If Micros not exempted set out reason in Evidence Base. Micro No < 2.0 No Small No Medium No Large No What is the CO2 equivalent change in greenhouse gas emissions? (Million tonnes CO2 equivalent) Traded: N/A Non-traded: N/A I have read the Impact Assessment and I am satisfied that (a) it represents a fair and reasonable view of the expected costs, benefits and impact of the policy, and (b) that the benefits justify the costs. Signed by: Andrew Selous, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Justice Date: 20/10/2014 Summary: Analysis & Evidence Policy Option 1 Description: FULL ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT Price Base Year PV Base Year Time Period Years Net Benefit (Present Value (PV)) (£m) Low: Optional High: Optional Best Estimate: COSTS (£m) Total Transition (Constant Price) Years Average Annual (excl. Transition) (Constant Price) Total Cost (Present Value) Low £0.25 1 N/A N/A High £0.85 N/A N/A Best Estimate N/A Description and scale of key monetised costs by Ômain affected groupsÕ Any additional referrals and subsequent prosecutions for the proposed offence would have cost implications for Criminal Justice agencies (including the Police, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service (HMCTS), the Legal Aid Agency (LAA) and National Offender Management Services (NOMS)). Overall we estimate additional costs to the Criminal Justice System of between £250,000 and £850,000 per year (in 2013/14 prices, rounded to nearest £50k), including around 10 to 15 additional prison places. Other key non-monetised costs by Ômain affected groupsÕ There may be minimal one-off training and familiarisation costs to the police, the judiciary and NOMS. BENEFITS (£m) Total Transition (Constant Price) Years Average Annual (excl. Transition) (Constant Price) Total Benefit (Present Value) Low N/A N/A N/A High N/A N/A N/A Best Estimate N/A N/A N/A Description and scale of key monetised benefits by Ômain affected groupsÕ It has not been possible to monetise the benefits. Other key non-monetised benefits by Ômain affected groupsÕ This measure will close a loophole in the law with knives and offensive weapons, making it a criminal offence to possess such articles in prison, in line with possession of such articles in the community. This will allow longer sentences to be given for the more serious offences and may have general benefits in relation to public confidence in the fairness of the justice system. Criminalisation will also ensure that more serious weapon possession offences