(b) a local policing body. (6) Where the [F632Director General] makes a recommendation under this paragraph, [F638the Director General] must alsoÑ (a) publish the recommendation, and (b) send a copy of itÑ (i) in a case where the recommendation is made to a local policing body, to the chief officer of the police force maintained by that body; (ii) in a case where the recommendation is made to a chief officer of a police force, to the local policing body that maintains the police force; (iii) in a case where the recommendation is made to a contractor (within the meaning of section 12(10)), to the chief officer of a police force to whom the contractor is providing services, and the local policing body that maintains the police force; (iv) in a case where the recommendation is made to a sub-contractor or an employee of a contractor, to the contractor and the persons to whom a copy must be sent under paragraph (iii); (v) in a case where the recommendation is made to an employee of a sub-contractor, to the sub-contractor, the contractor and the persons to whom a copy must be sent under sub-paragraph (iii); (vi) in any other case, to any person to whom the [F632Director General] thinks a copy should be sent. (7) Nothing in this paragraph affects the power of the [F632Director General] to make recommendations or give advice under section 10(1)(e) (whether arising under this Schedule or otherwise).] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 245 [F945Response to recommendation 28B (1) A person to whom a recommendation under paragraph 28A is made must provide to the [F632Director General] a response in writing statingÑ (a) what action the person has taken or proposes to take in response to the recommendation, or (b) why the person has not taken, or does not propose to take, any action in response. (2) The person must provide the response to the [F632Director General] before the end of the period of 56 days beginning with the day on which the recommendation was made, unless sub-paragraph (3) applies. (3) The [F632Director General] may extend the period of 56 days following an application received before the end of the period; and if the [F632Director General] grants an extension, the person must provide the response before the end of the extended period. (4) But if proceedings for judicial review of the [F666Director General's] decision to make a recommendation are started during the period allowed by sub-paragraph (2) or (3), that period