worker. (4) In this section Òrelevant offenceÓ means the offence of manslaughter, but does not includeÑ (a) manslaughter by gross negligence, or (b) manslaughter mentioned in section 2(3) or 4(1) of the Homicide Act 1957 or section 54(7) of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 (partial defences to murder). (5) In this sectionÑ Òemergency workerÓ has the meaning given by section 68; Òrelevant commencement dateÓ means the date on which section 3 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (required life sentence for manslaughter of emergency worker) comes into force. (6) An offence the sentence for which is imposed under this section is not to be regarded as an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law. (7) Where an offence is found to have been committed over a period of 2 or more days, or at some time during a period of 2 or more days, it must be taken for the purposes of subsection (1)(b) to have been committed on the last of those days.Ó (10) In section 280 (extended sentence of imprisonment), in subsection (1)(d), for Òor 285Ó substitute Ò, 285 or 285AÓ. (11) After section 285 insertÑ Ò285A Required life sentence for manslaughter of emergency worker (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) a person aged 21 or over is convicted of a relevant offence, (b) the offence was committedÑ (i) when the person was aged 16 or over, and (ii) on or after the relevant commencement date, and (c) the offence was committed against an emergency worker acting in the exercise of functions as such a worker. (2) The court must impose a sentence of imprisonment for life unless the court is of the opinion that there are exceptional circumstances whichÑ (a) relate to the offence or the offender, and (b) justify not doing so. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 7 PART 1 Ð Protection of the police etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) For the purposes of subsection (1)(c) the circumstances in which an offence is to be taken as committed against a person acting in the exercise of functions as an emergency worker include circumstances where the offence takes place at a time when the person is not at work but is carrying out functions which, if done in work time, would have been in the exercise of functions as an emergency worker. (4) In this section Òrelevant offenceÓ means the offence of manslaughter, but does not includeÑ (a) manslaughter by gross negligence, or (b) manslaughter mentioned in section 2(3) or 4(1)