vehicles seized under section 62(1) or section 62C(3). (3) Police officers in England and Wales and constables in England and Wales must have regard to the guidance when exercising any of those functions conferred on them. (4) The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the guidance. (5) The Secretary of State must arrange for the guidance and any revised guidance issued under this section to be published in such manner as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. (6) The Secretary of State must lay before Parliament a copy of any guidance or revised guidance published under subsection (5).Ó 102 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 5 Ð Road traffic CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 5 ROAD TRAFFIC Road traffic offences 86 Causing death by dangerous driving or careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs: increased penalties (1) Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (prosecution and punishment of offences: offences under the Traffic Acts) is amended as follows. (2) In the entry relating to section 1 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (causing death by dangerous driving), in column (4) (punishment), for Ò14 yearsÓ substitute ÒImprisonment for lifeÓ. (3) In the entry relating to section 3A of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (causing death by careless driving when under influence of drink or drugs), in column (4) (punishment), for Ò14 yearsÓ substitute ÒImprisonment for lifeÓ. (4) Section 34 of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (disqualification for certain offences) is amended as follows. (5) In subsection (3), in the words after paragraph (d)Ñ (a) after Òthe offenceÓ insert Ò(Òthe new offenceÓ)Ó; (b) for Òthree yearsÓ substitute Òthe period specified in subsection (3A)Ó. (6) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3A) The period isÑ (a) six years, whereÑ (i) an offence of which the person was convicted within the ten years mentioned in subsection (3) falls within paragraph (aa) of that subsection, and (ii) the new offence also falls within that paragraph; (b) in any other case (but subject to subsection (4ZA)), three years.Ó (7) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) in the words before paragraph (a), after Ò(3) aboveÓ insert Òand subsection (4ZA) belowÓ; (b) in paragraph (a)Ñ (i) omit sub-paragraph (ii) (and the ÒorÓ after it); (ii) in sub-paragraph (iia), for Òthat ActÓ substitute Òthe Road Traffic Act 1988Ó; (iii) omit sub-paragraph (iii) (and the ÒorÓ before it, but not the ÒandÓ after it). (8) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4ZA) Subsection (1) shall apply as if the reference to