adviser which should be delivered in written format and preferably tape recorded to preserve the integrity of the process. • A suitable form of words should be formulated for use in the briefing to the legal representative, this should not be able to be misconstrued as an inducement but be short and simple enough to serve as a reminder for the legal representative to discuss the subject in their consultation. • Consideration should be given in the planning stage to the intervieweeÕs vulnerability to suggestion, compliance or acquiescence. Sentencing Guidelines should not be used where there is a risk or suspicion of such vulnerability. • Sentencing Guidelines should not be used with unrepresented suspects. • Sentencing Guidelines may be considered for use with legally represented juveniles subject to a suitable assessment regarding vulnerability to suggestion. • Consideration should be given to when in the pre-interview briefing phase Sentencing Guidelines should be referred to i.e. before the first interview or after final disclosure if this has been phased. • Any admissions should be explored in detail to provide corroborating information. • Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by DCI Steve Hibbitt, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser from Humberside Police. In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk ACPO Position Statement: The Use of ÔTruth and LiesÕ, Declarations and Oaths in Video-Recorded Interviews with Witnesses National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) THE USE OF ÔTRUTH AND LIESÕ, DECLARATIONS AND OATHS IN VIDEO-RECORDED INTERVIEWS WITH WITNESSES Introduction Over recent years it has become apparent that interviewers are sometimes asking adult witnesses to demonstrate their understanding of truth and lies when it is not appropriate to do so. In addition, some interviewers have erroneously been asking witnesses to read out the declaration at the start of a section 9 Criminal Justice Act 1967 statement (MG11) or to take something akin to an oath before the commencement of a video-recorded interview. The purpose of this paper is to address these misunderstandings. Background Truth and Lies It seems likely that interviewers who ask adult witnesses to demonstrate their understanding of the concepts of truth and lies do so because they are confused as to the limitations of this requirement as set out in Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceeding: Guidance on Interviewing Victims and Witnesses, and Using Special Measures (Office for Criminal Justice Reform 2007). It may possibly be the case that some interviewers who were originally trained to interview children do not realise that it is not applicable to most adult witnesses1. It may also be the case that some interviewers have misread the section about truth and lies in the vulnerable witnessesÕ chapter of Achieving Best Evidence (chapter 3, paragraphs 3.175 to 3.177) and wrongly concluded that it is applicable to all vulnerable witnesses. Criminal Justice Act Declarations Interviewers who ask adult witnesses to read out the declaration at the start of an MG11 may be confused about the