order or injunction to protect yourself or your child from: your current or previous partner a family member someone you currently or previously lived with This is called a non-molestation or occupation order. You can apply online, by email or by post. Get a non-molestation or occupation order if youÕve been the victim of domestic abuse. Domestic abuse protection orders A domestic abuse protection order (DAPO) can: stop someone coming to or near your home decide who can stay or return to your home order the person to attend a behavioural change programme order the person to wear an electronic tag to check theyÕre keeping to the conditions of the order There are no court fees for applying. You can only apply for a DAPO if the person you need protection from lives in one of the following areas: Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Redcar and Cleveland and Stockton-on-Tees Greater Manchester the London boroughs of Croydon, Bromley or Sutton Apply for a domestic abuse protection order. Support someone you know If you are worried that a friend, neighbour or loved one is a victim of domestic abuse, you can call the National Domestic Abuse Helpline for free and confidential advice, 24 hours a day on 0808 2000 247. Or you can contact the other support services listed on this page. Seeking help for someone you know can be challenging but #YouAreNotalone. Domestic abuse advisers will o?er confidential, non- judgemental information and advice on the options available to you helping you to keep safe and make informed choices. If you believe there is an immediate risk of harm to someone, or it is an emergency, you should always call 999. If someone confides in you, there is more information on how to support a friend who is being abused. If you are an employer Let your employees know that if they are facing domestic abuse you want to help them to get help. Stay in regular contact with employees you know, or fear, may be facing abuse and if you lose contact with them, take swift action to visit them. If you believe there is an immediate risk of harm to someone, or it is an emergency, always call 999. Encourage employees to look out for others who may be facing domestic abuse and signpost them to support. Your sta? may also be worried about their own abusive behaviour at this time. There is no excuse for domestic abuse, no matter what stresses you are under and support is available. HestiaÕs Respond to Abuse Advice Line is a free resource for employers. Employers can call 020 3879 3695 Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm, or email adviceline.eb@hestia.org for support, guidance or information about domestic abuse and how to support employees and colleagues experiencing domestic abuse. The EmployersÕ Initiative on Domestic Abuse website provides resources to support employers including an employersÕ toolkit. If you are a professional working in the domestic abuse sector SafeLives provides guidance and support to professionals and those working in the