and, for the police, the authorised professional practice on FGM. The police will provide you with feedback on the outcome of the case, including an update on any safeguarding action taken. 3.1 FGM Protection Orders Depending on the circumstances of the case, the police or local authority may wish to consider applying for an FGM Protection Order (FGMPO) either to protect the girl or to protect other girls who may be at risk (e.g. siblings). An FGMPO is a civil order which may be made for the purposes of protecting a girl at risk of FGM or protecting a girl against whom an FGM offence has been committed. 4. Failure to comply with the duty Cases of failure to comply with the duty will be dealt with in accordance with the existing performance procedures in place for each profession. FGM is child abuse, and employers and the professional regulators are expected to pay due regard to the seriousness of breaches of the duty. 4.1 Health and social care professionals For health and social care professionals, failure to comply with the duty may be considered through fitness to practise proceedings by the regulator with whom the professional is registered. Regulators will use their frameworks to consider a professionalÕs ability currently to practise safely. This will therefore take all aspects of the circumstances of the case into consideration, including the safety of the individual child and her immediate needs. This may result in a wide variety of recommendations as to suitable action (e.g. re-training or supervision). Regulators may wish to issue guidance to their registrants as to how to act and when action may be taken. 4.2 Teachers For teachers, schools will need to consider any failure to comply with the duty in accordance with their staff disciplinary procedures. Where the school determines it is appropriate to dismiss the teacher as a result of the failure to comply, or the teacher would have been dismissed had they not resigned, the school must consider whether to refer the matter to the National College of Teaching and Leadership (NCTL) in England or the Education Workforce Council (EWC) in Wales, as regulators of the teaching profession. For teachers in England, the NCTL will consider referrals to determine whether the facts presented in respect of the individualÕs failure to comply with the duty are proven and whether they amount to unacceptable professional conduct or conduct likely to bring the profession into disrepute. If proven, the NCTL will consider whether it is appropriate to make a prohibition order which prevents the individual from carrying out teaching work in any school, childrenÕs home, sixth form college, and relevant youth accommodation in England. For teachers in Wales, in considering cases the EWC will look at the individualÕs conduct and consider whether their failure to comply with the duty was so serious that it should affect their registration, which may include initiating fitness to practise proceedings. Annex A Ð FGM mandatory reporting process map This process map is intended to