Malicious and deliberate damage to the property of the Police Authority • Deliberate and serious breach of confidentiality • Wilful disregard of duties and failure to comply with lawful and reasonable instructions relating to the employment • Deliberate falsification of records e.g. timesheets, expense claims, self certification of sickness forms and other official organisational forms • Conviction for a criminal offence • Failure to disclose a conviction for a criminal offence • Falsification or misrepresentation of qualifications or experience which are a stated requirement of employment It is stressed that this list is not exhaustive, and each case would reviewed individually; however, it is intended to give an indication of the type and level of conduct which would be regarded as gross misconduct and render an employee liable to dismissal. In certain cases, what might be considered a less serious breach of discipline (e.g. under the influence of alcohol) may be regarded elsewhere as gross misconduct (e.g. where driving or endangering themselves or others is involved). Appendix 3 Wiltshire Police Charter for Officers and Staff Subject of Public Complaint or Conduct Investigation If you become the subject of a public complaint or misconduct investigation the Professional Standards Department, will work to ensure that the minimum standards set out in this Charter are provided to you. We appreciate that being the subject of an investigation can be difficult and stressful, therefore the below detail is intended to assist with reducing the impact on your wellbeing by providing clear guidance to help manage expectations. 1. You should expect to be treated fairly and in line with Organisation values and behaviours throughout the complaints and conduct process by all individuals and organisations involved. Everyone has the right to fair and unbiased treatment throughout the duration of their investigation, and I will do everything I can to ensure this is maintained. 2. You will receive an update at least every 28 days from the Investigation Officer; this will be either via a telephone call, email or letter and your preferred method of update will be discussed with you and agreed. I recognise that being kept updated as to the progress of your investigation is of paramount importance. Agreeing with you the terms of ongoing contact will not only keep you updated on progress, but will help provide reassurance to you that something is happening, even if you cannot see it. 3. Where appropriate, you will be provided with the contact details of services so that you can access support when you need to, such as Occupational Health, staff associations and People Services. You may not recognise a need for this until later in the process, and it is important that once this is realised, you can access the appropriate services which will assist you. 4. You may be assigned a welfare point of contact, depending on the nature and circumstances of the allegation. 5. Where appropriate, and with your consent, information about your case will be shared with partner organisations who have a supportive