hospital and means keeping in touch with the MH Trust and to keep to certain regulations. It also means that the Responsible Clinician can bring the patient back into hospital if needed. A CTO does not apply to restricted or voluntary patients, or to patients detained for assessment under S2 MHA as they are not eligible. The option of using a CTO does not mean that the Responsible Clinician cannot use longer-term leave if that is the more suitable option, but the Responsible Clinician will need to be able to show that both options have been duly considered. If police are asked to recover a patient who is subject to a CTO, we must first determine why we are being asked to get involved. Detained patients who are AWOL, which includes a patient on a CTO, may be taken into care or custody and returned by an AMHP, any member of the hospital staff, any police officer, or anyone authorised in writing by the hospital managers. The police should be asked to assist in returning a patient to hospital only if necessary. If the patientÕs location is known, the role of the police should, wherever possible, only be to assist a suitably qualified and experienced mental health professional in returning the patient to hospital. If there is sufficient risk associated with the patientÕs safe return, police may be required to assist. If police are required to assist recovery of a patient who is subject to a CTO, police officers must satisfy themselves that a Òrecall noticeÓ has been served. There are three ways that a CTO recall notice is served: • If CTO recall notice served by hand Ð effective immediately • If CTO recall served by personal delivery Ð effective on the day after it is delivered beginning immediately after midnight following delivery • If CTO recall served by first class post Ð effective two working days later, i.e. exclude weekends / bank holidays. Once satisfied that itÕs been served, the power to recover such patients are derived from S18 MHA, which is a preserved power of arrest under Schedule 2, S26 PACE. Therefore if officers need to use reasonable force in the exercise of that power, they can rely on S117 PACE. S18 MHA does not come with its own power of entry. If entry is required into a private address and admission to the premises has been refused or refusal is anticipated, a S135 (2) MHA warrant is required. Mental Health Services should attend the venue with Police Officers. If admission to premises has been refused or refusal is anticipated, Mental Health Services should apply for a S135 (2) MHA warrant; just because a patient has been recalled does not provide a power of entry into private premises. The recall power is intended to provide a means to respond to evidence of relapse or high-risk behaviour relating to mental disorder before the situation becomes critical and leads to the patient or other people being harmed. The need