metal mesh, not less than 4mm (8swg) or equivalent. The mesh/grill section size to prevent any of the contents being removed. Secured to the walls of the enclosure or if an alarm is fitted, protected by a device for detecting an attack on the mesh. 8. Gun Room 29. The adaptation of an existing room within a building which may be considered to be suitable for the security of the firearms, shotguns and ammunition where the enclosure does not have any walls of timber and plasterboard construction (studded wall) unless the area has been rendered secure by: a) the fitting of expanded metal mesh, not less that 4mm (8swg) or not greater than 30mm by 50mm section, secured to the studding at not more than 300mm centres by suitable screw fastenings; and b) if the wall may be subject to sustained attack, consideration should be given to tying the mesh to adjoining walls, floor and ceiling, or mounting in a frame secured to these areas. 30. The room is accessed by an internal door within the building, or door within a protected area. 31. The door should be, according to risk and location, either: a) a solid core timber barricade or laminated security door of not less than 44mm thickness; b) a timber door lined with sheet steel not less than 16swg, the sheet to be folded round the locking and hanging edge of the door. It should be secured to the door structure with steel screws, non- return on the external surface. The fixings to be not more than 125mm centres. c) a door to Loss Prevention Board Standard LPS 1175, Security Rating 4; or d) a sheet steel door (subject to constructional strength of walls) of either: i) 10mm minimum thickness sheet steel door; or ii) 6mm minimum thickness sheet steel door, stiffened by the provision of a 50mm by 50mm by 6mm steel angle or channel welded as close as possible to the four edges of the door, allowing a minimum of 20mm of the door edges overlay onto the angle of the frame on an outward opening door. The stiffening to be continuous. 32. Solid timber, security class and steel lined doors must be fitted with good quality steel hinges. At least three to provide the necessary support. 33. Doors of sheet steel fabrication will need to be: a) hung on robust steel hinges continuously welded to the door and door surround. Hinges may be either externally or internally fitted. Doors over 1.5 metres in height should be fitted with not less than 3 hinges. b) where external hinges are chosen, hinge bolts must be fitted to prevent the door being opened on the hinge side if the hinges have been destroyed/removed. The hinge bolts of not less than 40mm by 20mm cross section must be continuously welded to the inner surface on the hanging side of the door. The hinge bolts should fit snugly against the door surround, passing at least 20mm behind the surround.