of this Protocol shall be regarded as additional Articles to the Convention, and all the provisions of the Convention shall apply accordingly. ARTICLE 7 Signature and ratification 1. This Protocol shall be open for signature by the members of the Council of Europe who are the signatories of the Convention; it shall be ratified at the same time as or after the ratification of the Convention. It shall enter into force after the deposit of five instruments of ratification. As regards any signatory ratifying subsequently, the Protocol shall enter into force at the date of the deposit of its instrument of ratification. 2. The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, who will notify all members of the names of those who have ratified. In witness whereof the undersigned, being duly authorised thereto, have signed this Protocol. Done aT sTrasbourG, This 16Th Day of sePTember 1963, in English and in French, both texts being equally authoritative, in a single copy which shall remain deposited in the archives of the Council of Europe. The Secretary General shall transmit certified copies to each of the signatory States. Protocol No. 6 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms concerning the Abolition of the Death Penalty Strasbourg, 28.IV.1983 The member sTaTes of The council of euroPe, signatory to this Protocol to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, signed at Rome on 4 November 1950 (hereinafter referred to as Òthe ConventionÓ), Considering that the evolution that has occurred in several member States of the Council of Europe expresses a general tendency in favour of abolition of the death penalty; Have agreed as follows: ARTICLE 1 Abolition of the death penalty The death penalty shall be abolished. No one shall be condemned to such penalty or executed. ARTICLE 2 Death penalty in time of war A State may make provision in its law for the death penalty in respect of acts committed in time of war or of imminent threat of war; such penalty shall be applied only in the instances laid down in the law and in accordance with its provisions. The State shall communicate to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe the relevant provisions of that law. ARTICLE 3 Prohibition of derogations No derogation from the provisions of this Protocol shall be made under Article 15 of the Convention. ARTICLE 4 Prohibition of reservations No reservation may be made under Article 57 of the Convention in respect of the provisions of this Protocol. ARTICLE 5 Territorial application 1. Any State may at the time of signature or when depositing its instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval, specify the territory or territories to which this Protocol shall apply. 2. Any State may at any later date, by a declaration addressed to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, extend the application of this Protocol to any other territory specified in the declaration. In respect