the extradition to be adjourned until the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise). In a case where further proceedings in respect of the extradition are adjourned under subsection (2)— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 95 Part 6 – Extradition Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes section 131 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 (remand of accused already in custody) has effect as if a reference to 28 clear days in subsection (1) or (2) of that section were a reference to six months; Article 47(2) of the Magistrates' Courts (Northern Ireland) Order 1981 (period of remand in custody) has effect as if a reference to 28 days in— sub-paragraph (a)(iii), or the words after sub-paragraph (b), were a reference to six months.” Person charged with offence or serving sentence of imprisonment The Extradition Act 2003 (c. 41) is amended as follows. In section 22(3) (power to adjourn extradition hearing in Part 1 case) for “the sentence has been served” substitute “ the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise) ”. In section 23 (person serving sentence in Part 1 case)— in subsection (1), after “issued is” insert “ in custody ”, and in subsection (2), for “the sentence has been served” substitute “ the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise) ”. In section 88(3) (power to adjourn extradition hearing in Part 2 case) for “the sentence has been served” substitute “ the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise) ”. In section 89 (person serving sentence in Part 2 case)— in subsection (1) after “person is” insert “ in custody ”, and in subsection (2) for “the sentence has been served” substitute “ the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise) ”. In section 97(3) (power to defer decision on extradition) for “the sentence has been served” substitute “ the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise) ”. In section 98 (person serving sentence in Part 2 case: reference by judge)— in subsection (1)(b) after “person is” insert “ in custody ”, and in subsection (2) for “the sentence has been served” substitute “ the person is released from detention pursuant to the sentence (whether on licence or otherwise) ”. In section 102(3) (meaning of “appropriate day” where decision deferred) for the words from “until the person” to the end substitute “ , the