relation to a detained cash investigation, evidence is relevant for the purposes of investigating the derivation of cash or whether cash is intended by any person to be used in unlawful conduct; • in relation to an exploitation proceeds investigation, evidence is relevant if it relates to whether a person is a qualifying offender, whether they have obtained exploitation proceeds from a relevant offence, the value of any benefits derived by a person from a relevant offence, or the available amount in respect of a person. 248. Requests for assistance may be sent by a judge, or the relevant Director to the Government of the country or territory concerned, or any authority recognised by the Government of the country or territory concerned as being appropriate for receiving requests, or a court or tribunal which is specified within the request and which exercises jurisdiction in the place where the evidence is to be obtained. 249. Alternatively, a request may be sent to the Secretary of State who should forward the request to the court, tribunal, Government or authority in the country or territory concerned. 187. 250. In the case of urgency, a request may be sent via the International Criminal Police Organisation (Interpol or Europol) or any person competent to receive it under any provisions adopted under the EU Treaties, for onward transmission to a court, tribunal, Government or authority in the country or territory concerned. 251. Section 375B(3) provides that evidence obtained by means of a request for assistance cannot be used for any purpose other than for the purposes of the investigation for which it was obtained or for the purposes of certain proceedings (or any proceedings arising out of such proceedings). However, the court, tribunal, government or authority that received the request and provided the evidence can consent to the use of the evidence for other purposes. 187. 24/03/2025 Covert policing - Guidance overview https://www.college.police.uk/guidance/covert-policing/covert-policing-guidance-overview Page Covert policing - Guidance overview This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 14 July 2015 Covert policing 0 mins read There are currently two modules of APP that sit within the covert area of policing: undercover policing assisting offender debriefing Tags Covert policing JOURNAL OF AFFAIRS CORNELL POLICY GROUP Issue XXII, Fall 2024. Cornell University Table of Contents FALL 2024 CORE EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS 3 FALL 2024 EDITORS 4 FALL 2024 CENTER DIRECTORS 5 EDITORÕS NOTE 7 DOMESTIC POLICY 8 Pre-Release Earnings Program: Providing Incarcerated Individuals a Financial Safety Net for Reintegration Amani Agrawal 9 De-escalating the War on Terror: Governing ÒSecret WarsÓ and Expanding Veteran Treatment Rachel Baron 13 The Right to Read: Combatting Book Bans in the Federal Prison System Elizabeth Fine 17 Federally Mandating Insurance for Firearms Celia Holden 20 Cutting the Head off the Snake: Decentralizing the House of Representatives Cole Laudenslager 23 Reducing Recidivism Rates Through Mandatory Rehabilitation Programs Pari Patel 27 Banning Checkpoint Stops to Reduce Racial Profiling and Enhance Privacy Avery Prince 31 Family First: A Call