victim resides or works. 5. In the unlikely event that it is impossible to determine a Force Area using these principles the NFIB will determine a Force Area. Offences not recorded by Action Fraud (Do NOT report the following fraud offences to Action Fraud): • making, supplying or use of articles to commit fraud* • possessing/controlling article(s) for use in fraud* • possession of false documents* • making off without payment/bilking* (forecourt crime) • • forgery or use of drug prescription* • fraud or forgery relating to vehicle or driver records* • other forgery* (* these are not recorded by Action Fraud) All the above offences are recorded within Force where the offence has been committed under the respective Home Office Counting Rule codes. Call for Service (CFS): In general terms a Ôcall for serviceÕ is a report that requires a response from the police. In the case of fraud the Home Office Counting Rules (HOCR) define the circumstances that should be treated as a call for service. Reports received from members of the public that they have been a victim of Fraud. The call handler will THRIVE+ the incident and those which meet the call for service criteria will be allocated to the most appropriate department (see Fraud Allocation Matrix). The call for service criteria is defined as follows: > The victim is considered vulnerable or they are at risk > There is a known local offender (i.e. resides in Wiltshire and identity can be determined relatively simply) > The crime is ongoing or has recently occurred (i.e. are there time bound investigative leads Ð e.g. CCTV, ANPR enquiries etc.). If any of the CFS criteria applies the crime must be investigated as appropriate. If the Call for service criteria is not met the call handler will not create a contact record, but refer the caller to Action Fraud, unless they are Vulnerable or at Risk. POLICY AIM This policy sets out the way in which reports of fraud are managed within the Force to ensure consistency and maximise efficient use of resources. The policy provides a clear and consistent approach in assessing the vulnerability of all victims of fraud to ensure effective support for vulnerable victims. APPLICABILITY All police officers and police staff who receive reports of fraud or who may be required to investigate fraud allegations. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Fraud Act 2006 Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Equality Act 2010 Human Rights Act 1998 Data Protection Act 2018 Freedom of Information Act 2000 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Fraud Investigation Model (FIM) Fraud Allocation Matrix Crime Allocation Policy Hierarchal Crime Review Procedure Recovery of Criminal Assets Policy Seizure and Retention of Money Procedure AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE APP > Investigation APP > Investigation > Investigating Fraud DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection