(a) the [F305Director General], and (b) an authority other than a [F306local policing body] which maintains a body of constables, shall each have power to enter into an agreement with the other for the establishment and maintenance in relation to that body of constables of procedures corresponding or similar to any of those provided for by or under this Part. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 57 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) If it appears to the Secretary of State appropriate to do so in relation to any body of constables maintained otherwise than by a [F307local policing body] to establish any such corresponding or similar procedures, he may by orderÑ (a) provide for the establishment and maintenance of such procedures in relation to that body of constables; and (b) in a case in which procedures in relation to that body of constables have effect by virtue of subsection (9) or have previously been established by virtue of this sectionÑ (i) provide for those procedures to be superseded by the provision made by the order; and (ii) make transitional provision in connection with the replacement of the superseded procedures. (3) It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to secure that procedures are established and maintained under subsection (2) in relation to each of the followingÑ (a) the Ministry of Defence Police; and (b) the British Transport Police Force. (4) An agreement under this section shall not be made, varied or terminated except with the approval of the Secretary of State. (5) An agreement or order under this section in relation to any body of constables may contain provision for enabling the [F305Director General] to bring and conduct, or otherwise participate or intervene in, any proceedings which are identified by the agreement or order as disciplinary proceedings in relation to members of that body of constables. (6) An agreement or order under this section in relation to any body of constables may provide for the application of procedures in relation to persons who are not themselves constables but are employed for the purposes of that body of constables and in relation to the conduct of such persons, as well as in relation to members of that body of constables and their conduct. (7) Before making an order under this section the Secretary of State shall consult with bothÑ (a) the [F305Director General]; and (b) the authority maintaining the body of constables to whom the order relates. (8) Procedures established in accordance with any agreement or order under this section shall have