multinational companies would help these businesses scale, develop and become the next multi billion dollar companies. The government should encourage more initiatives like Tech NationÕs Applied AI Program32 to directly support smaller startups to grow across the UK. The community welcomed an additional £200 million from the British Business Bank which increased VC funding to high growth companies,33 and there is a compelling argument to increase this funding, or alternatively to consider public investment in promising companies that seek to advance government priorities in a similar style to the National Security Strategic Investment Fund. For scaleups, important to spread the message that the UK has more capital and talent than anywhere else34 and a unique proximity of buyer to vendor as well as being far easier to incorporate and run a business here than in Europe. To increase the number of SMEs and build the right entrepreneurial infrastructure for AI-first companies, it is also worth exploring the possibility of building on Innovate UKÕs Knowledge Transfer Partnerships (KTPs), in which the government could introduce a series of AI-specific KTPs to stimulate market ready AI research in areas of direct relevance to businesses to commercialise research. The UK currently lacks a prominent cohort of professionals who understand the complex sales and leadership skills needed to build, articulate and sell AI tools and develop leaders of AI research labs, and there is concurrently a specific 32 Applied AI, Tech Nation (2020) 33 Extra £200 million backing for British businesses, British Business Bank (April 2019) 34 Tech Nation Impact Report, Tech Nation (2020); UK Tech For A Changing World, Tech Nation (2020) 17 demand to increase the number of skilled product managers in AI. We recommend a marketing campaign and programs to encourage international product managers to come to the UK, and for UK citizens to focus their education or re-skilling in this direction. This would help turbo charge the UKÕs ability to effectively commercialise the world class research coming out of our universities. Enabling public sector adoption The UK public sector will be a priority area when it comes to AI innovation. Improving policy-making processes (for example, ensuring it is more resilient to shocks to the system), and the provision of more efficient and effective public services (for example, using data-driven Ôreal-timeÕ economic forecasts), built on strong ethical foundations, will become essential to improve the security and well-being of citizens. There is an urgent need to have a digitally and data enabled local and national government. To leverage the opportunities of AI in the public sector, there will need to be new ways of ensuring that data can be accessed and evaluated across public sector organisations. The government should ensure there is a central place for civil servants to access information about all of the AI-based tools and projects being undertaken across departments. AI absolutely appropriate, and departments should learn rapidly from each other about what works well and what needs to evolve. In time, the focus should be on linking public sector