the United Kingdom, and (b) intends the other person to be subjected to conduct outside the United Kingdom that is an offence under subsection (1) or would be an offence under that subsection if the victim were in Scotland. (4) ÒMarriageÓ means any religious or civil ceremony of marriage (whether or not legally binding). [F72(4A) ÒCivil partnershipÓ includesÑ (a) a civil partnership which exists by virtue of the Civil Partnership Act 2004, and (b) a purported civil partnership.] (5) ÒMental disorderÓ has the meaning given by section 328 of the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003. (6) It is irrelevant whether the conduct mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) is directed at the victim of the offence under that subsection or another person. (7) A person commits an offence under subsection (1) or (3) only if, at the time of the conduct or deceptionÑ (a) the person or the victim or both of them are in Scotland, (b) neither the person nor the victim is in Scotland but at least one of them is habitually resident in Scotland, or (c) neither the person nor the victim is in the United Kingdom but at least one of them is a UK national. (8) ÒUK nationalÓ means an individual who isÑ (a) a British citizen, a British overseas territories citizen, a British National (Overseas) or a British Overseas citizen; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 11 Ð Policing etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 103 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) a person who under the British Nationality Act 1981 is a British subject; or (c) a British protected person within the meaning of that Act. (9) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum or both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 years or to a fine or both. [F73122AAnonymity of victims of forced marriage: England and Wales Schedule 6A (anonymity of victims of forced marriage) has effect.] PART 11 POLICING ETC College of Policing 123 Regulations to be prepared or approved by the College (1) In section 50 of the Police Act 1996 (regulations for police forces), after subsection (2ZA) there is insertedÑ Ò(2ZB) If the College of Policing submits to the Secretary of State draft regulations with respect to any of the matters mentioned in subsection (2)(a), (b), (c)