officer 14 9. Certification by disclosure officer 14 10. Disclosure of material to accused 15 Annex Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 Code of Practice under Part II Preamble This code of practice is issued under Part II of the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 (Ôthe ActÕ). It sets out the manner in which police officers are to record, retain and reveal to the prosecutor material obtained in a criminal investigation and which may be relevant to the investigation, and related matters. 1. Introduction 1.1 This code of practice applies in respect of criminal investigations conducted by police officers which begin on or after the day on which this code comes into effect. Persons other than police officers who are charged with the duty of conducting an investigation as defined in the Act are to have regard to the relevant provisions of the code, and should take these into account in applying their own operating procedures. 1.2 This code does not apply to persons who are not charged with the duty of conducting an investigation as defined in the Act. 1.3 Nothing in this code applies to material intercepted in obedience to a warrant issued under section 2 of the Interception of Communications Act 1985 or section 5 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000, or to any copy of that material as defined in section 10 of the 1985 Act or section 15 of the 2000 Act. 1.4 This code extends only to England and Wales. 1.1 2. Definitions 2.1 In this code: * a criminal investigation is an investigation conducted by police officers with a view to it being ascertained whether a person should be charged with an offence, or whether a person charged with an offence is guilty of it. This will include: * investigations into crimes that have been committed; * investigations whose purpose is to ascertain whether a crime has been committed, with a view to the possible institution of criminal proceedings; and * investigations which begin in the belief that a crime may be committed, for example when the police keep premises or individuals under observation for a period of time, with a view to the possible institution of criminal proceedings; * charging a person with an offence includes prosecution by way of summons or postal requisition; * an investigator is any police officer involved in the conduct of a criminal investigation. All investigators have a responsibility for carrying out the duties imposed on them under this code, including in particular recording information, and retaining records of information and other material; * the officer in charge of an investigation is the police officer responsible for directing a criminal investigation. He is also responsible for ensuring that proper procedures are in place for recording information, and retaining records of information and other material, in the investigation; * the disclosure officer is the person responsible for examining material retained by the police during the investigation; revealing material to the prosecutor during the investigation and