or of persuading the resident or such another individual— that he should not do something that he is entitled or required to do; or that he should do something that he is not under any obligation to do; that person— intends his presence to amount to the harassment of, or to cause alarm or distress to, the resident; or knows or ought to know that his presence is likely to result in the harassment of, or to cause alarm or distress to, the resident; and the presence of that person— amounts to the harassment of, or causes alarm or distress to, any person falling within subsection (2); or Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 35 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes is likely to result in the harassment of, or to cause alarm or distress to, any such person. A person falls within this subsection if he is— the resident, a person in the resident's dwelling, or a person in another dwelling in the vicinity of the resident's dwelling. The references in subsection (1)(c) and (d) to a person's presence are references to his presence either alone or together with that of any other persons who are also present. For the purposes of this section a person (A) ought to know that his presence is likely to result in the harassment of, or to cause alarm or distress to, a resident if a reasonable person in possession of the same information would think that A's presence was likely to have that effect. A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale, or to both. In relation to an offence committed before the commencement of section 281(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (alteration of penalties for summary offences), the reference in subsection (5) to 51 weeks is to be read as a reference to 6 months. In this section “dwelling” has the same meaning as in Part 1 of the Public Order Act 1986.] Malicious communications In subsection (1) of section 1 of the Malicious Communications Act 1988 (c. 27) (offence of sending letters and other articles with intent to cause distress or anxiety)— in paragraph (a), for “letter or other article” there shall be substituted “ letter, electronic communication or article of any description ”; and in paragraph (b), for the word “other article” there shall be substituted “ article or