subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) A person commits an offence if, without reasonable excuse, the personÑ (a) does anything that the person is prohibited from doing by a sexual harm prevention order, or (b) fails to do something that the person is required to do by a sexual harm prevention order.Ó, (b) in subsection (2), for Òdoing anything prohibited by such an orderÓ substitute Òbreaching such an orderÓ, and (c) omit subsection (3). (7) In paragraph 98 of Schedule 22 to the Sentencing Act 2020 (amendment of section 354 of the Sentencing Code), in the substituted subsection (2) for Òdoing anything prohibited by such an orderÓ substitute Òbreaching such an orderÓ. (8) The Sexual Offences Act 2003 is amended as follows. (9) In section 103C (sexual harm prevention orders: effect)Ñ (a) for subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) A sexual harm prevention order mayÑ (a) prohibit the defendant from doing anything described in the order; (b) require the defendant to do anything described in the order.Ó, (b) in subsection (2), after ÒprohibitionÓ insert Òor requirementÓ, (c) in subsection (3), after ÒprohibitionsÓ, in both places it occurs, insert Òor requirementsÓ, (d) in subsection (4), after ÒprohibitionsÓ insert Òor requirementsÓ, and (e) after subsection (4) insertÑ (a) 210 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(4A) The prohibitions or requirements which are imposed on the defendant by a sexual harm prevention order must, so far as practicable, be such as to avoidÑ (a) any conflict with the defendantÕs religious beliefs, (b) any interference with the times, if any, at which the defendant normally works or attends any educational establishment, and (c) any conflict with any other court order or injunction to which the defendant may be subject (but see subsection (6)).Ó (10) After section 103C insertÑ Ò103CA SHPOs: requirements included in order etc. (1) A sexual harm prevention order that imposes a requirement to do something on a defendant must specify a person who is to be responsible for supervising compliance with the requirement. The person may be an individual or an organisation. (2) Before including such a requirement in a sexual harm prevention order, the court must receive evidence about its suitability and enforceability fromÑ (a) the individual to be specified under subsection (1), if an individual is to be specified; (b) an individual representing the organisation to be specified under subsection (1), if an organisation is to be specified. (3) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply in relation to