the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire surface. 7.10 Slide (for automatic pistols): Remove the firing pin. 7.11 Slide (for automatic pistols): Remove locking lugs in slide. with. With the exception of barrels for crew- served firearms, barrels for other automatic firearms may not be submitted. Crew-served firearm barrels may be submitted as part of a set (as discussed above) or as separate/individual barrels. Where submitted separately, such individual barrels will be issued with their own deactivation certificate. All barrels submitted as exchange barrels must have a clear and permanent serial number. 7.12 Slide (for automatic pistols): This applies to pistols such as Glock 18 where Where applicable, machine the barrel locks into ejection port as opposed to the inside of the locking edge lugs within the slide of the ejection port in the slide to an angle at a range of 45 to 75 degrees. 7.13 Slide (for automatic pistols): This applies to pistols such as Glock, SIG and If the breech block can be H&K USP where the barrel locks into ejection taken o? the slide body, the port as opposed to lugs within the slide. deactivated breech block has to be permanently fixed to the slide body. 7.14 Frame/Receiver (for automatic pistols): Remove feed ramp where present. 7.15 Frame/Receiver (for automatic pistols): Machine away at least 2/3 of the slide rails on both sides of the frame. 1.1 7.16 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the physical operating link between the As long as the physical link to the firing mechanism is destroyed, it is acceptable for the trigger blade and any external hammer be left trigger blade and the hammer, free to move. However, they must be striker or sear. Fuse the independent of each other and not linked in any trigger mechanism together way. with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not possible, remove the trigger mechanism and fill the area with weld or epoxy resin. 7.17 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). 7.18 Automatic system: Destroy the gas piston, gas pipe and gas port by cutting or welding. 7.19 Automatic system: If there is no gas piston, remove gas pipe. If the barrel is used as a gas piston, weld the deactivated barrel to the housing. In all cases where present, close the barrelÕs gas vent by welding. 7.20 Automatic system: Machine Remove all support on the breech face for the or remove the breech face at cartridge head. As long as the breech face is an angle of between 45 and removed, the breech block mass is reduced by 75 degrees as measured from the required percentage and is permanently the angle of the original face. fixed in place, and the firing pin is removed or Material must be removed