the title register will not include the details of the restrictive covenants or easements, but will say which documents do. Get a title plan The title plan includes the propertyÕs location and general boundaries. Search for a property YouÕll need to order an o?cial copy of the register if you need to prove property ownership, for example for a court case. Before you start YouÕll need an email address and a debit or credit card to use this service. Read g uidance on getting information about property and land, including alternative sources of information. Fees How much it costs Property summary Free Title register £7 Title plan £7 If you want to buy documents, youÕll need to create an account. O?cial copies cannot be downloaded online - youÕll need to get them sent to you by post. It costs £11 per document. Get help Contact HM Land Registry if you need: help accessing y our account help using the service, like downloading information help with something else, for example with your propertyÕs boundaries or changing the name on your property record You can g et a flood risk report for properties in Eng land from the Environment Agency. Related content Registering land or property with HM Land Registry Your property boundaries Protect your land and property from fraud Contact HM Land Registry Search for local land charges on land and property Collection Land registration: Searches, fees and forms Using land for homebuilding and regeneration Explore the topic Planning permission and building regulations Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Environment Climate chang e and energy Guidance Selling wood for domestic use in England What you need to do to supply, distribute and sell wood for use in domestic heating appliances in England. From: Department for Environment, Food & Rural A?airs Published 16 February 2021 Last updated 7 July 2022 Ñ See all updates Related content Selling manufactured solid fuels for domestic use in Eng land Domestic solid fuels: rules for local authorities in Eng land Selling coal for domestic use in Eng land Selling wood in volumes of 2 cubic metres or more in Eng land: customer notice Getting fuel authorised for sale in smoke control areas Smoke control areas: the rules Small volumes of wood You can only supply or sell wood fuel in volumes of less than 2 cubic metres if it is certified as ÔReady to BurnÕ. This confirms it has a moisture content of 20% or less. The Ready to Burn certification scheme applies to: firewood in single retail bags firewood supplied as