Service Centre, Wiltshire Police Headquarters, London Road, Devizes, SN10 2DN E-mail: PeopleServicesCentre@wiltshire.police.uk Telephone: 101 This policy and procedure will be reviewed every three years in the light of any national policy change, procedural or employment law change or at such other times as may become necessary. SECTION 1 MATERNITY You may have many questions to ask, especially if this is your first baby. These procedures are designed to guide you from first notification, right through to having your baby and returning to work. If, after reading through these procedures you still have some questions, please speak to your line manager or the People Service Centre/HR Advisory team. Sections within these procedures apply to both Police Officers and Police Staff unless otherwise indicated. Police OfficersÕ maternity rights differ in some areas to Police Staff as you are subject to the legislative controls of Police Regulations and these are highlighted where applicable. 1.1 Maternity / Contractual Rights Subject to certain conditions (as outlined below), you will have the following maternity rights, which are independent of each other: • Time-off for ante-natal care • Request a Risk Assessment during pregnancy • The right to special protection under Health & Safety Law • Statutory Maternity Pay (SMP) (Subject to qualification) • Ordinary Maternity Leave (OML) • Additional Maternity Leave (AML) • All Maternity leave Ð no break in service. • Protection from a detriment, disadvantage or unfair treatment due to pregnancy • Protection against pregnancy-related dismissal • Compulsory maternity leave of 2 weeks after the birth • Unpaid Parental Leave • Return to work • Consideration of a flexible working request • Time off to care for dependents in an emergency 1.2 Ante-natal Care Once you have advised the organisation that you are pregnant, you are entitled to not be unreasonably refused paid time off work to attend antenatal appointments as advised by your doctor, registered midwife or registered health visitor. To be entitled to take time off for antenatal care, you are required to produce a certificate from your doctor, registered midwife or registered health visitor, confirming your pregnancy. Except in the case of the first appointment, you should also produce evidence of the appointment, such as a medical certificate or appointment card, if requested to do so. Antenatal care may include relaxation and parent craft classes that your doctor, midwife or health visitor has advised you to attend, in addition to medical examinations. You should endeavour to give your line manager as much notice as possible of antenatal appointments and, wherever possible, try to arrange them as near to the start or end of the working day. An individual who has a qualifying relationship with you, (the co-parent of the expected child), is eligible to take unpaid time off to accompany you up to two antenatal appointments. You must ensure that your Line Manager is advised in advance of an appointment. You may be required to provide evidence of further appointments. Ante-natal time is treated as duty. Time off should be granted