Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 341 (3) The person referred to in subsection (2)(b) isÑ (a) the person who is for the time being the chairman of the Advisory Council appointed under paragraph 1(3) of Schedule 1, or (b) if that person has delegated the function of responding to consultation under subsection (1)(a) to another member of the Advisory Council, that other member. (4) The Òurgency conditionÓ applies if it appears to the Secretary of State that the misuse of the substance or product to be specified in the order as a drug subject to temporary control, or the likelihood of its misuse, poses an urgent and significant threat to public safety or health. (5) The duty of the Advisory Council or any other person consulted under subsection (1)(a) is limited to giving to the Secretary of State that person's opinion as to whether the order in question should be made. (6) A recommendation under subsection (1)(b) that a temporary class drug order should be made may be given by the Advisory Council only if it appears to the Council thatÑ (a) the substance or product is a drug that is being, or is likely to be, misused, and (b) that misuse is having, or is capable of having, harmful effects.Ó. 4 In section 3 (restriction of importation and exportation of controlled drugs), in subsection (2)(a) after Òthis ActÓ insert Ò or by provision made in a temporary class drug order by virtue of section 7A Ó. 5 In section 4(1) (restriction of production and supply of controlled drugs), after Òthis ActÓ insert Ò , or any provision made in a temporary class drug order by virtue of section 7A, Ó. 6 In section 5 (restriction of possession of controlled drugs), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply in relation to a temporary class drug.Ó. 342 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 7 In section 7 (authorisation of activities otherwise unlawful under foregoing provisions of Act), after subsection (9) insertÑ Ò(10) In this section a reference to Òcontrolled drugsÓ does not include a reference to temporary class drugs (see instead section 7A).Ó. 8 After section 7 insertÑ Ò7A Temporary class drug orders: power to make further provision (1) This section applies if a temporary class drug order specifies a substance or product as a drug subject to temporary control. (2) The order mayÑ (a) include provision for the exception of the drug from the application of section 3(1)(a)