order under section 35 of the Mental Health Act 1983 if it suspects the respondent is suffering from a mental disorder. Applicants should be prepared to assist the court if it has any concerns about the medical wellbeing of the respondent. 44 Paragraph 1.4 of Practice Direction to RSC Order 52 45 Sections 43(5) and 44(4) of, and Schedule 5 to, the 2009 Act. 45 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 12.9. Breach of injunction Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to17 year olds In matters proceeding in the County Court or High Court breach of an injunction is dealt with by a civil contempt of court, which is punishable by up to two years in prison and/or an unlimited fine.46 Since the sentence is civil and not criminal, the respondent will not receive a criminal record for breach even if committed to prison. This is advantageous for two reasons: relatives and close friends of the respondent are more likely to give evidence against the respondent if they know the penalty for breach will not lead to a criminal record, and it allows for a more rehabilitative approach by avoiding the negative future impacts associated with a criminal record. However, see section 9.7 about potential future disclosure. Breach of an injunction by a respondent aged 14 to 17 can be dealt with in different ways. The Youth Court47 is given two specific powers in Schedule 5A to the 2009 Act (as amended): the power to make a supervision order and the power to make a detention order. The courts are required to take into account a number of considerations when deciding on the appropriate sentence for an under 18 year old, including consideration of the relevant YOTsÕ report. In addition to broader considerations, such as the principal aim of the youth justice system - the prevention of offending, the welfare of the child and the sentencing guidelines (Schedule 5A, Policing and Crime Act 2009) sets out other considerations the court must take into account. Before an applicant can make an application to the court relating to the breach of an injunction, that applicant must have evidence of the breach of the injunction and must consult with the YOT consulted when the initial application was made (as well as any other person who was previously consulted at that initial stage). Before making any order under Schedule 5A the court must obtain and consider a report prepared by the YOT. 12.9.1. Injunctions for applicants aged 14 to 17 years old: Supervision Orders A supervision order may last for up to six months and contain one or more of three elements: • supervision requirement; • activity requirement; • curfew requirement. Before the court may make a supervision order, it must consider a report made by the YOT for this purpose and obtain and consider information about the respondentÕs family circumstances and the likely effect of such an order on those circumstances. Where a court imposes