Schedule Social Media Policy AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Professional Standards Information Management DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW OF THIS POLICY The Head of Information Management and Assurance will ensure that this policy is reviewed every two years. Regular proactive and reactive audits together with analysis of staff misconduct trends will be conducted by the Professional Standards Department to establish compliance with this policy. Non- compliance will be reflected in future policy reviews. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of Information Management and Assurance for this policy. All queries relating to this policy should be directed to the Information Security Officer or the Force Policy Officer. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Information Management and Assurance Policy Owner/Author: Keith LEWIS / NCC Group Technical Author: Neil COWLING, Andrew IRVING Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Deputy Chief Constable Revision History Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 07.06.2021 3.0 Policy rewritten as part of the NEP. Text on: User identification, information classification, secure handling, Data Protection, site security, removal of property & security of equipment, password security, clear desk policy, remote working, reporting information security incidents, use of specific systems (including PNC, Niche, Email Telephone, mobiles & Airwave), ACL, monitoring interception and audit, breach of policy escalation and automated restictions added. 17.03.2022 3.0 Section 22.2: requirement for emails relating to on-going Inquiries into Child Sexual Abuse / Undercover Policing to be retained removed. Approvals This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 07.06.2021 3.0 JNCC (via email) 07.06.2021 3.0 Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Equality Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc.): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Keith LEWIS, Mark LEVITT, Laura NORTH, Neil COWLING, Jonathon JONES, Matt GIRDLESTONE 11.03.2021 0.8 Police Federation 16.02.2021 0.8 UNISON 03.02.2021 0.8 Implications of the Policy Training Requirements There are no additional training requirements for the implementation of this Policy. IT Infrastructure No new IT infrastructure is required for the implementation of this Policy. Guidance Preparation and planning for emergencies: responsibilities of responder agencies and others How the government prepares and plans for emergencies, working nationally, locally and co-operatively to ensure civil protection in the UK. From: Cabinet Office (/government/organisations/cabinet-office) Published 20 February 2013 The Civil Contingencies Act The Civil Contingencies Act (http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2004/36/contents), and accompanying non-legislative measures, delivers a single framework for civil protection in the UK. The Act is separated into 2 substantive parts: local arrangements for civil protection (Part 1); and emergency powers (Part 2). Part 1 Part 1 of the Act and supporting Regulations and statutory guidance ÔEmerg ency