Document for details) View outstanding changes A collaboration agreement may be brought to an end by agreement between the parties to it; and section 23(6) or, as the case may be, section 23A(6) applies to an agreement under this subsection. 23D Collaboration agreements: accountability Where a chief officer makes a police force collaboration agreement, the police authority responsible for maintaining the force shall hold the chief officer to account for the discharge of functions by anyone who— is acting under the terms of the agreement, and while so acting, is under the direction and control of the chief officer. Before approving an agreement as mentioned in section 23(6), a police authority must notify the chief officer of the arrangements that it proposes to make for the discharge of its functions under this section in connection with the agreement. When deciding what arrangements to make, the police authority shall, in particular, consider making arrangements for those functions to be discharged jointly with another police authority responsible for maintaining a force whose chief officer is a party to the agreement. The functions conferred on a police authority under this section do not affect any other function of holding a chief officer to account. 23E Collaboration agreements: publication A person who makes a collaboration agreement must— publish the agreement, or publish the fact that the agreement has been made and such other details about it as the person thinks appropriate. In the case of a police force collaboration agreement, information notified to a chief officer under section 23D(2) must be published by the chief officer with the information under subsection (1). 23F Collaboration agreements: guidance The Secretary of State may give chief officers or police authorities guidance about collaboration agreements or related matters. In discharging their functions, chief officers and police authorities must have regard to the guidance. 23G Collaboration agreements: directions The Secretary of State may give chief officers or police authorities directions about collaboration agreements or related matters. A direction may be given to— one or more chief officers; one or more police authorities. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 7 Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A person to whom a direction is given must comply with it. A direction may, in particular— require two or more persons to make, or prohibit them from making, a collaboration agreement; require two or more persons to vary, or prohibit them from varying, a collaboration agreement; require two or more persons to consider making a collaboration agreement of a specified description; specify terms to be included, or