to any requirement imposed by the order as the court considers appropriate. 178 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Amendment on change of area of residence (1) This paragraph applies where, on an application made by the injunction applicant or the defaulter in relation to a supervision order, [F82a youth] court is satisfied that the defaulter proposes to reside, or is residing, in the area of a youth offending team other than the team for the time being specified in the order. If the application is made by the defaulter, the court to which it is made may amend the order by substituting for the youth offending team specified in the order the youth offending team for the area referred to in sub-paragraph (1) (or, if there is more than one such team for that area, such of those teams as the court may determine). If the application is made by the injunction applicant, the court to which it is made must, subject as follows, so amend the order. Where a court amends the supervision order pursuant to sub-paragraph (2) or (3) but the order contains a requirement which, in the opinion of the court, cannot reasonably be complied with if the defaulter resides in the area referred to in sub-paragraph (1), the court must also amend the order by— removing that requirement, or substituting for that requirement a new requirement which can reasonably be complied with if the defaulter resides in that area. Sub-paragraph (3) does not require a court to amend the supervision order if in its opinion sub-paragraph (4) would produce an inappropriate result. The injunction applicant must consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before making an application under sub-paragraph (1). Revocation of supervision order (1) Where a supervision order is made, the injunction applicant or the defaulter may apply to [F83a youth] court— to revoke the order, or to amend the order by removing any requirement from it. If it appears to the court to which an application under sub-paragraph (1)(a) or (b) is made to be in the interests of justice to do so, having regard to circumstances which have arisen since the supervision order was made, the court may grant the application and revoke or amend the order accordingly. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this