suspension will be reviewed regularly by the Head of HR and PSD who will ensure that matters are dealt with without undue delay to the process. 12. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH SOCIAL DISTANCING OR HYGIENE MEASURES AT WORK NOTE: THIS ELEMENT APPLIES TO ALL OFFICERS AND STAFF OF WILTSHIRE POLICE AND THE OPCC. Following stringent risk assessment, significant measures have been put in place across the organisation and estate to prevent the transmission of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the working environment. Supplies and appropriate PPE have been provided where necessary and clear guidance has been given to all members of Wiltshire Police. Each member has a personal responsibility to follow any guidance and instruction given in order to protect themselves, their colleagues and members of the public. Failure to comply with these measures may lead to an investigation or fact finding being instigated. Depending on the severity of the situation and taking all considerations into account, a decision will be made as to whether it is deemed appropriate to submit a referral to PSD for assessment as a breach of professional standards of behaviour, or whether to deal with locally as a more minor issue. If deemed appropriate for assessment, the outcome could result in any one of the following actions: • No Action • for Officers, Reflective Practice Review Process, for police staff, a recorded, but informal conversation/action with line manager • Formal performance or misconduct proceedings, where deemed a serious breach Each case will be investigated and considered on a case by case basis taking into account all circumstances and any mitigating factors 13 DEALING WITH SPECIAL CASES 13.1 Criminal Offences Conviction for a criminal offence is itself a breach of Wiltshire PoliceÕs disciplinary rules, the Police Staff Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics which are incorporated into the procedure. Police Staff are required to report any conviction or caution against them for a criminal offence to the Professional Standards Department. Any internal investigation will not pass judgement on criminal investigations but will investigate the circumstances of any alleged breaches of disciplinary rules or conduct which affects the employment position of the employee. An internal investigation will fully examine any possible failures to meet the Wiltshire PoliceÕs disciplinary rules, standards and Police Staff Code of Conduct or the Code of Ethics. Wiltshire Police can only act on the information obtained during an internal disciplinary enquiry. Should an internal disciplinary hearing find that the employee should be dismissed, the dismissal will not necessarily be rendered unfair by information subsequently received or by acquittal in a criminal court. Discipline matters will be decided on the Ôbalance of probabilitiesÕ rather than Ôbeyond reasonable doubtÕ. Where it is brought to the attention of the Organisation that an employee has been charged with, or is the subject of allegations in connection with a criminal or potentially criminal offence, a Departmental Head should notify the Head of Human Resources immediately so that disciplinary implications can be considered and the method of investigation agreed.