Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(6A) An order under sub-paragraph (6) may, in particular, provide that where a provision applied by the order allows a power to be exercised only if an authorisation is given by a police officer of or above a particular rank, the authorisation may be given by a member of the Commission's staff of or above a specified grade.Ó 137 Provision of information to IPCC After paragraph 19 of Schedule 3 to the Police Reform Act 2002 there is insertedÑ ÒInvestigations by the Commission: power to serve information notice 19ZA (1) The Commission may serve upon any person an information notice requiring the person to provide it with information that it reasonably requires for the purposes of an investigation in accordance with paragraph 19. (2) But an information notice must not require a personÑ (a) to provide information that might incriminate the person; (b) to provide an item subject to legal privilege within the meaning of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (see section 10 of that Act); (c) to make a disclosure that would be prohibited by Part 1 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000; (d) to provide information that was provided to the person by, or by an agency of, the government of a country or territory outside the United Kingdom where that government does not consent to the disclosure of the information. (3) Neither must an information notice require a postal or telecommunications operator (within the meaning of Chapter 2 of Part 1 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000) to provide communications data (within the meaning of that Chapter). (4) An information notice mustÑ (a) specify or describe the information that is required by the Commission and the form in which it must be provided; (b) specify the period within which the information must be provided; (c) give details of the right of appeal against the information notice under paragraph 19ZC. (5) The period specified under sub-paragraph (4)(b) must not end before the end of the period within which an appeal can be brought against the notice and, if such an appeal is brought, the information need not be provided pending the determination or withdrawal of the appeal. (6) The Commission may cancel an information notice by written notice to the person on whom it was served. (2) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises