and OTHER DOCUMENTS This document has been drawn up within the context of: • Code of Practice on Management of Police Information (MoPI) • Authorised Professional Practice (APP) on Information Management • Force Information Strategy • Information Review, Retention and Disposal Procedural Guidance (RRD) • Force Information Sharing, Disclosure and Dissemination Policies • Force Information Management Policy • National Intelligence Model (NIM) • National Crime Recording Standard (NCRS) • National standard for incident recording (NSIR) • Home Office counting rules (HOCR) • Wiltshire Police Data Protection Policy AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE College of Policing APP Information Management. DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION These standards are compliant with the Data Protection Act 2018/GDPR and the Force Data Protection Policy FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This Policy is available under the Freedom of Information Act 2000. PROTECTIVE MARKINGS GSC: OFFICIAL IMPLEMENTATION STRATEGY This document will be made available via the intranet within the Policy and Procedure library. It will also be circulated for the attention of all staff. MONITORING AND REVIEW This document will be monitored and reviewed by the Records Manager every two years or sooner where change in relevant practice or legislation occurs. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT Force Records Manager Table of Contents Annex A: Data Quality Standards 1.1 Minimum Data Standards This section specifies the minimum data standard that must be completed when creating either a new entity or updating an existing entity on Niche RMS. The Standards are aligned to the P.O.L.E entities (Person, Object, Location, Event) entities and National Data Quality Standards. It is appreciated that there may be circumstances when it is not practical to obtain full details before creating or updating a record in Niche but it is the record creators personal responsibility to ensure that every effort to obtain the missing data is made as soon as practicable after the fact, and the relevant record in Niche RMS updated accordingly: • Contact OIC or handling unit • Contact RP or witness directly when possible and appropriate Where the expected standard of data creation/amendment is not achieved, steps 1-4 detailed in section 8: Data Quality Performance Management will apply. Standard - Before creating any new entity on Niche RMS the user MUST conduct a comprehensive search of the system to ensure that the information is not already held within Niche RMS. This is essential to ensure no records are duplicated and critical to maintaining a high level of data quality. Erroneous data will be identified, reviewed and corrected via daily report functionality. It is the inputterÕs responsibility to ensure the information they are entering is accurate, valid and relevant. Users should validate any information given and query any inaccurate information before adding/updating any record in Niche. Never create a record using information you know to be inaccurate or incomplete beyond what is outlined in the Standards. Inaccurate or partial information should be added to the body of the report or as an OEL entry instead of creating a record of no use and no valid policing