event of a Meeting. A Hearing will be recorded) • Employee under investigation • EmployeeÕs representative/fellow worker (if employee chooses to have one) • Agreed witnesses (who will be called in to give their evidence and then asked to leave) However, the Chair reserves the right to reduce the number of individuals present where a case is straightforward and is not being contested by the individual. In such circumstances, a note taker and Investigating Officer may not be necessary to attend the Meeting/Hearing. Any such changes will be agreed with the individual prior to the Meeting/Hearing. A Unison representative or colleague will always be present if requested. 8.2 Outcome of the Disciplinary Meetings/Hearings After hearing all the evidence presented, the Chair will normally adjourn to consider the matter and to take advice as appropriate. They will then reconvene the meeting/hearing to notify the employee of their findings. If it is not possible to provide a decision on the same day, the Chair will recall the parties no later than 3 working days after the initial meeting/hearing to give their decision. In either event, the decision will be confirmed in writing to the employee within 5 working days of the ChairÕs decision being given. This letter will confirm any rights of appeal. 9. DISCIPLINARY OUTCOMES 9.1 No Case to Answer Having heard the evidence, if the Chair of the hearing considers that the case against the employee is unfounded, the employee and their representative will be informed of this at the Meeting/Hearing (following an adjournment) and it will be confirmed in writing within 5 working days of the actual Meeting/Hearing. All references to this matter will be expunged from the individualÕs personal file for disciplinary purposes and the record will be clearly marked ÔCase UnfoundedÕ by the Professional Standards Administration Team. Table of Contents 9.2 Written Warning If the offence is of a serious nature, a first written warning should be given. This warning will set out the nature of the issue and outline the possibility of dismissal if no improvement takes place. This will require an improvement in the employeeÕs conduct within a timescale deemed appropriate by the chair, failing which, further disciplinary action will be taken. An appropriate formal support plan should be put in place to set out the required improvements, how these will be measured and achieved. Whilst 12 months is the normal time period for a written warning to remain live on an employeeÕs personal file, the Chair of the Meeting/Hearing has the discretion to vary this time period dependent on the circumstances of the case. Therefore the warning may remain live on the employeeÕs personal file for a period of between 6 to 18 months but subject to satisfactory conduct this warning will be treated as spent once the time period has elapsed. 9.3 Final Written Warning In the event of further misconduct following a written warning, or if the offence is very serious but does not amount to gross misconduct, or the conduct of