(ix) should be imposed to require the permit holder to notify details of purchase to the police and to enter the details of each such shot gun in the appropriate part of the permit. 26.15 A visitorsÕ firearm permit must specify the number and description of the firearms to which it relates, including their identification numbers, and give details of the quantities of ammunition authorised to be purchased or acquired, and to be held at any one time. A visitorsÕ shot gun permit must specify the number and description of the shot guns to which it relates, including, if known, their identification numbers. It should be established at time of application whether a sound moderator is to be included as an accessory to any firearm to be imported. If this is the case then all sound moderators should be specified on the permit. Variation of conditions 26.16 Section 17(5) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 empowers the chief officer of police to vary the conditions attached to a permit. A request for variation, which must be made on a new application form, will most usually occur where a visitor has subsequently been invited to participate in some other competition or event. In such circumstances a variation may normally be granted on confirmation of the event to be attended, provided that there has been no material change in the applicantÕs circumstances and that they still qualify under paragraphs 26.9 and 26.10 above. If the event is to take place after the expiry date of the existing permit, it will be necessary for a fresh application for a new permit to be made. Processing late applications 26.17 Applications should be made at least six weeks prior to arrival in the UK. Inevitably, some applications will be made close to the date on which the applicant wishes to come to this country, for example because of illness, a change in family or business circumstances or as a late addition or change to a group application. In such cases, while it cannot be guaranteed that all applications will be processed in time, every effort should be made to try and achieve this. Similarly, it may be necessary to issue amended permits at short notice to cater for unavoidable last-minute changes to guns (for example because of breakage) which visitors are authorised to bring with them (see also paragraph 26.16). Notification of refusal 26.18 There is no right of appeal against a refusal to grant a visitorsÕ permit. Notification of refusal, giving the reasons for the decision, should be sent by letter to the sponsor. Where a refusal is issued it is particularly important that notification should be sent in good time, in order to avoid the applicant incurring unnecessary travel costs. 195 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Dispatch of permits 26.19 The completed permit should be sent to the sponsor who will forward it to the visitor in their country of origin for presentation to the Border Force on arrival in this country. The