efficient service transition, reduced police officer Ôdown timeÕ, and improved interagency knowledge transfer (McKenna, Furness, Oaks and Brown, 2015). Furthermore, early interventions and partnerships should focus on promoting co- production. Co-production involves the development of an equal and reciprocal relationship between the service provider and service user in recognition that the experiences of those who use the services can be utilised to improve it (Clark, 2015). Co-production initiatives have been utilised successfully within the mental healthcare system, i.e. the Lambeth Living Well Collaborative (Innovation Unit, n.d). In order to promote co-production within Lancashire Constabulary, a new Early Action Support Volunteer role has been created for members of the public in which volunteers will provide support and mentoring services for individuals and families who have low to moderate needs and no longer require or receive support from agencies. Limitations and future research One limitation of this research is that the initial data search was based upon the number of incidents linked to addresses rather than the families reporting the incidents. As a result, the data might not include all calls for service from the families identified, or certain families that have high demand for services may not have been identified due to property relocation during 2013. In addition, the data in this study only included calls which were coded as incidents. There were approximately 700,000 calls received in Lancashire in 2013 which were classed as Ônon-incidentsÕ and these were not included in the current data set. Furthermore, this research is limited to incidents occurring only during 2013 and in the one specific area (Central Division). Future research could examine if the same families are continuing to demand a large portion of police resources over a number of years in order to determine the effectiveness of any implemented interventions. This research does have the potential to be replicated across the different operating divisions with Lancashire Constabulary to examine if these themes are prevalent across the county. Finally, these results are based on quantitative data only and therefore lack full exploration of any contextual factors that may have impacted the findings. Future research should utilise qualitative data based on real-world examples (i.e. call for service logs), to advance understanding of the topic and any contributing factors. Conclusions The requirements and expectations of the police are constantly changing and it is important that the police stay relevant by addressing current demands. In order to efficiently achieve this, the demand profile for Lancashire should be continuously monitored to ensure services fit this demand. This research found that the majority of incidents being dealt with by the police within Lancashire ConstabularyÕs Central Division are not inherently traditional police work. Furthermore, incidents most typically associated with traditional police work were found to occur the least in this sample. This suggests that reducing demand and addressing key issues requires increased involvement with other agencies to enable the most appropriate and effective response regarding calls for service. This multi-agency early response could also free resources and reduce overall costs.