accessing redress for social housing 40. Currently, social housing residents who want to formally escalate unresolved complaints to the Housing Ombudsman face additional hurdles compared to consumers accessing other redress schemes. Residents have to raise their issue with a Member of Parliament, a local councillor or a designated tenant panel who will, if appropriate, refer it to the Housing Ombudsman (a step known as the Ôdemocratic filterÕ), or wait eight weeks from the landlordÕs complaint process ending. 41. It is clear that the Ôdemocratic filterÕ delays formal resolution of complaints and may put people off seeking redress altogether Ð particularly those who are vulnerable or feel less confident in navigating the process. We heard about the problems this creates for people living in social housing. During 2019/20, only 6.9% of the cases entering the Housing OmbudsmanÕs formal remit were referred to them by a designated person.14 We want people living in social housing to be able to access swift and effective resolution and not face unnecessary barriers. We have set out in the Building Safety Bill our proposal to remove the requirement for complaints to pass through the Ôdemocratic filterÕ. 13 See Page 7, KPI Table https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Housing-Ombudsman-ARA-2018-19-Web-Accessible.pdf 14 See page 30 https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/CCS207_CCS0320285036-001_The-Housing-Ombudsman- ARA-2019-20_Accessible.pdf The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 31 The previous social housing complaints process The new social housing complaints process Co-operation and transparency will ensure landlords are accountable for their performance on resolving complaints 42. The Housing Ombudsman has set higher standards for landlord effectiveness and speed to improve complaints handling for residents by raising the conditions of membership of its scheme. All social landlords must by law be a member of the Housing Ombudsman Scheme. The Scheme sets the standards that landlords must meet in terms of publishing complaints procedures, managing complaints in accordance with procedure or within a reasonable timescale, and providing copies of any information requested by the Housing Ombudsman which it believes is relevant to the complaint. 43. From March 2021 the Housing Ombudsman will publish the details of cases it has determined on its website, and data on individual landlordsÕ complaint volumes, categories and outcomes. This will support the new tenant satisfaction measures the regulator is developing on complaints handling. It will ensure social housing residents can better hold their landlords to account on the way they handle complaints. This information will be used, alongside other data provided by the Housing Ombudsman, to help inform the regulatorÕs assurance of landlordsÕ compliance with its consumer standards, and any actions that may result from a failure to meet these. 44. Effective co-operation and joint working between the Housing Ombudsman and the regulator is vital to hold landlords to account for their performance on resolving complaints. In September 2020 the Memorandum of Understanding15 between the two organisations was broadened, setting out how this co-operation and joint working takes place. 15 https://www.housing-ombudsman.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/MOU-Ombudsman-and-Regulator-20200901.pdf 32 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 45. We will formalise and further strengthen the