"Workforce assessment method for an urban police department ", Policing: An International Journal of Police Strategies & Management, Vol. 36 No. 4, pp. 702- 718. Taylor Griffiths, C., Pollard, N. and Stamatakis, T. (2014), ÒAssessing the effectiveness and efficiency of a police service: the analytics of operational reviewsÓ, Police Practice and Research, working paper, Australian Institute of Police Management, Manly, 27 January. Vinod Kumar, T.K. (2014),"Differing services, rising expectations, and greater demands", Policing: An International Journal of Police Strategies & Management, Vol. 37 No. 1, pp. 170-189. Walker, S. and Katz, C.M. (2005). The police in America: An introduction, McGraw Hill, Boston. Weisburd, D. and Braga, A.A. (2006), ÒHot spots policing as a model for police innovationÓ, in Weisburd, D. and Braga, A.A. (Eds.), Police Innovation. Contrasting Perspectives, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, pp. 225-244. Weisburd, D. and Eck, J.E. (2004), ÒWhat can police do to reduce crime, disorder and fear?Ó, The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, Vol. 593 No. 1, pp. 42-65. Wilcox, P. and Eck, J.E. (2011), ÒCriminology of the unpopular: implications for policy aimed at payday lending facilitiesÓ, Criminology and Public Policy, Vol. 10 No. 2, pp. 473-482. Wilson, J.M. (2012), "Articulating the dynamic police staffing challenge", Policing: An International Journal of Police Strategies & Management, Vol. 35 No. 2, pp. 327- 355. Wilson, J. and Kelling, G. (1982), ÒBroken WindowsÓ, Atlantic Monthly, Vol. 249 No. 3, pp. 29-38. Worrall, J.L. and Kovandzic, T.V. (2010), ÒPolice levels and crime rates: an instrumental variables approachÓ, Social Science Research, Vol. 39 No. 3, pp. 506-516. Figure 1: A chart showing the time frames for incident classifications across the top ten addresses for all categories Figure 2: A chart showing the mode time frames for incidents occurring for the 5 categories Category Description Residential Residential addresses excluding childrenÕs homes and residential care homes. Statutory Bodies NHS facilities, prisons, probation, council Retail Supermarkets, clothing stores, convenience stores, convenience food outlets, department stores Nightlife Bars, clubs and pubs in the area Young PeopleÕs Services Schools and childrenÕs homes Table II. Incident classifications and descriptions. Incident classification Description Acquisitive (household) Burglary Acquisitive (person) Theft, robbery Conditions Bail conditions, breach of bail/curfew/license, absconded Disputes Civil disputes, personal Nuisance Nuisance, hoax calls, abandoned calls, suspicious circumstances Vandalism/Criminal damage Criminal damage, vandalism, vehicle crime, public order, arson Violence against the person Assault, wounding, ABH, GBH, homicide Sexual offences Sexual offences, rape Domestic incidents Domestic incidents Welfare Concern for safety, collapse/illness/injury, missing from home, truancy Other Any other classification not included previously, i.e. lost/recovered property, police generated activity and messages Code Grade Description 1 Emergency Response 2 Priority Response 3 Planned Response 4 Telephone Resolution 5 Police Report Only An incident where there is likely to be a risk of danger to life; use/immediate threat of use of violence; serious injury to a person; serious damage to property. Attendance usually within 15 minutes. A degree of importance or urgency associated with the initial police action but an emergency response is not required. Attendance