Model (NIM), and should be evaluated, graded and recorded accordingly. Where appropriate, the source of the information, the nature of the source, any assessment of the reliability of the source, and any necessary restrictions on the use to be made of the information will be recorded to facilitate later review, reassessment and audit. Data quality audits and data improvement initiatives will be carried out where appropriate. Quantity The quantity of any information, especially personal information, which is captured and retained should be proportionate to the Law Enforcement Purpose or business requirement. Security Safeguards to the information held by the force are documented in the Information Risk Management Policy and achieved through compliance with this policy, other policies, standards and guidance. Appropriate safeguards must be put in place to protect personal, sensitive and/or information classified under the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) (see Government Security Classification Guidance Handout for details). The extent of the safeguards should be in proportion to the degree of risk posed. The Government Classification Scheme (GCS) details how information should be marked and handled. All information sent via email or post must be dispatched in accordance with the requirements stated on page 2 of the Government Security Classification Guidance Handout. Disclosure The ethos of MoPI is that information should be re-used in order to fulfil a Law Enforcement Purpose and/or to protect the public from harm. However, the Force is also required to comply with the law and therefore information may only be accessed, shared or disclosed internally or externally when it is considered appropriate to do so. Particular care should be taken with personal, sensitive and/or information classified under the GSC to ensure sharing is lawful and proportionate. Information Sharing Agreements (ISAs) should be put in place where personal data is being regularly disclosed to or received from partners, and Data Processing Agreements (DPAs) drawn up where one party is processing information on another partyÕs behalf. Any ISAs or DPAs should be written in accordance with the good practice advice and guidance provided by the Data Protection Officer (DPO) and Force Solicitor. A library of current ISAs and DPAs will be maintained by the DPO. Transparency It is the ForcesÕ and Police and Crime CommissionerÕs policy to fully comply with the Freedom of Information Act 2000. Information which is not exempt from disclosure will be made available on request. Retention All information, particularly personal data, should not be retained longer than necessary. Information obtained for Law Enforcement Purposes will be reviewed, retained and disposed of on a risk assessment basis, and in accordance with the APP on Information Management, wherever practical. In all other cases, time-based disposals will be applied, in accordance with Force Records Retention Schedule and the National Police ChiefsÕ Council Retention Schedules where applicable. Risk Management Information management risks will be considered, and appropriate mitigations implemented, whenever significant changes are made to Force processes or systems. Where personal data is being processed, this will require the completion of a Data Protection Impact Assessment