such a way that firefighters can open the door without too much difficulty. • It is advisable to lock the landing valves in the closed position, usually with a leather strap and padlock. Foam inlets Foam intlets are special inlets are usually fitted to provide an efficient way of extinguishing a fire in a basement or other area of high risk such as plant room. In many respects they look the same as rising main inlet boxes, but the door should be clearly marked Ôfoam inletÕ. The risk area should be kept clear of obstructions to allow the foam to spread into the compartment. Maintenance of rising mains and foam inlets All types of rising mains and foam inlets together with associated valves should be maintained and tested on a regular basis by a competent person. Although there are no recommended periods between maintenance checks it would be prudent to carry out an annual service. 62 FirefightersÕ switches Safety switches are normally provided to isolate high voltage luminous signs or to cut off electrical power. In the case of existing installations, if they have been provided in accordance with previous legislation (e.g. the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 198225), then it is likely that they will comply with the Order. If this is not the case, then you may need to consult the enforcing authority regarding the suitability of its location and marking. Testing should be carried out in accordance with the manufacturerÕs instructions. If you have no such instructions then an initial test should be carried out by a competent electrician. Other firefighting facilities As well as those already mentioned, other facilities to assist firefighters may have been installed in your premises, and should be properly maintained by a competent person. Your maintenance audit (see Appendix A for an example checklist) should include these. Such facilities can include: • information signs for firefighters; • static water supplies, private hydrants, meter bypass valves and underground tanks; • standby fire pumps, electrical generators, air pumps and hydraulic motors; and • manual/self-closing devices for roller shutter doors in fire compartment walls. • Section 4 Further guidance on escape routes Introduction This section provides further guidance on the general principles that apply to escape routes and provides examples of typical escape route solutions for a range of common building layouts. The guidance is based on premises of normal risk so if your premises (or part of your premises) are higher (or lower) risk you should adapt the solution accordingly. You are not obliged to adopt any particular solution for escape routes in this section if you prefer to meet the relevant requirement in some other way. If you decide to adopt some alternative arrangement it will need to achieve at least an equivalent level of fire safety. Refer to the glossary (Appendix D) for the definitions of any terms you may not be familiar with. Levels of risk In order to apply the guidance in this section, you need to understand that in