certificate holder relinquishing their certificate and shot guns would pose a direct danger to themselves, public safety or to the peace. Section 12(1) should not be used where shot guns and certificates are already in police possession. 11.23 The certificate holder has a right of appeal and the police can only retain the shot guns if they have been surrendered due to notice being served in terms of section 12(1) of the 1988 Act, otherwise the shot guns will need to be released during an 91 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law appeal period to a suitably authorised person acting on behalf of the owner at the earliest opportunity. Care should be taken in the transport and storage of guns concerned, which may have considerable monetary value in some cases. If the appeal against revocation succeeds, any shot guns surrendered under section 12(1) must be returned to the successful appellant. On the dismissal of an appeal, the court may make such order for disposal of any shot guns surrendered under section 12(1) as it thinks fit. It must be remembered however that unless such an order is made, the applicant retains title to the shot guns. 11.24 If no appeal is brought, or if the appeal is abandoned, the shot guns should be disposed of in a manner agreed with the owner, who retains title. In the absence of an agreement chief officers of police must take all reasonable steps to ensure the guns are deposited with a suitably authorised person so that the owner may decide on whether to store or realise value etc. Disposals and failure to take reasonable steps may leave chief officers liable to charges of conversion. Should all reasonable avenues be exhausted, the police must then give the owner notice in writing of how they intend to dispose of the shot guns and the owner may appeal against the decision in accordance with section 44 of the 1968 Act. The court may then either dismiss the appeal or make such order as to the disposal of the shot guns as it thinks fit. In all cases, the police should keep records of how and where shot guns have been disposed. Police Records 11.25 The general guidance set out in Chapter 10 in respect of firearm certificates also applies in respect of shot gun certificates. In particular, chief officers of police should operate a system under which details of the shot guns acquired and possessed by certificate holders can be recorded. The National Firearms Licensing Management System (NFLMS) is used by all Police Forces in England and Wales for the administration of applications made under the Firearms Acts. In the event of a certificate holderÕs death, a Permit in order to dispose of the certificated arms will be issued to the Executor or their nominated agent. Visitors 11.26 The acquisition of shot guns for export without a certificate and visitorsÕ shot gun permits are dealt with in chapters 6 and 26 respectively. Representatives of Foreign States and