delivery of their functions in Northern Ireland. In addition, the application to the transferred functions of the Police Service of Northern Ireland would be in accordance with arrangements set out in Chapter 12. 25 regulation 29 26 regulation 25 27 regulation 31 Box 7.1: Further advice and information 7.30. The previous section has described the nature of the legislation and what it permits and requires Category 1 responders to do. This section outlines how the duties described may best be carried out. It describes good practice. 7.31. Communicating with the public is an integral part of preparing for and responding to incidents and cannot be done in isolation. The timely provision of relevant information and appropriate warnings and advice is a crucial part of the effort to promote and foster resilient communities. Responders need to consider how to warn and inform in conjunction with other aspects of the CCA, such as co-operation, information sharing, risk assessment, the role of the voluntary sector and other relevant legislation. These are set out elsewhere in Emergency Preparedness. 7.1. 7.32. At every stage of the process, the key to effective communication with the public is getting the message right for the right audience. Co-ordination between Category 1 responders is vital and every effort should be made to engage with Category 2 responders and the voluntary sector. Even when specific information has to be given by one body in a very specialist field, the others involved in the response should be aware of what is being issued, when and to whom. Arrangements to ensure that such co-ordination can take place effectively should be included in the planning process and assist in the smooth handover of responsibility if it is necessary. 7.33. Advance preparation is essential and developing an outline communication strategy to deal with incidents is vital. When an incident/emergency occurs, this rolling strategy can be quickly developed to ensure a comprehensive and co-ordinated strategic communications approach is taken. This strategy however should continue to evolve over the duration of the incident to ensure that the most effective and appropriate action continues to be taken. Where possible, there should be a range of communications specialists involved in developing the strategy so that all communication disciplines, from free to paid media, e-media to direct mail, are considered. 7.34. For the most part, public information should cover the interests of a number of different Category 1 responders involved in handling the emergency. All those with an interest need to contribute to the development of the information. Apparent conflicts of interest need to be resolved quickly. The stages in the decision-making process should be logged to provide a record which can be examined after the event to identify lessons for the future. Suitable systems should be devised as part of the planning process. 7.35. Responders should be encouraged to set out a strategy for communicating with the public before, during and after a crisis. The key principles are set out under the following themes Ð when, what, how,