produce the original, valid authority from the Secretary of State, the application should be refused and the individual required to surrender the weapon or ammunition immediately. 3.15 Where a person has been authorised by the Secretary of State to have possession of a prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition, the chief officer of police has no discretion to refuse or to revoke the necessary firearm certificate in respect of the prohibited weapon or ammunition (section 31(1) of the 1968 Act). In the case of dealers authorised to manufacture, sell or transfer prohibited weapons, there is no discretion to refuse to enter their names in, or to remove them from, the register of dealers (sections 34(3) and 38(2) of the 1968 Act). When an authority is revoked, any firearm certificate relating to the weapon or ammunition in question must be revoked or varied accordingly (section 31(2) of the 1968 Act). The Secretary of State will consider revoking, or varying the conditions of, any authority if the chief officer thinks it necessary. If such a case should arise, a full report should be made to the Home Office or the Scottish Government (as applicable) as soon as possible. 3.16 Under section 12(2) of the 1968 Act (as amended) (a parallel provision to Section 12(1) of the 1968 Act), an authority to possess prohibited weapons issued to a theatrical or cinematograph film producer may authorise the possession of the weapons by such other persons as the producer may select to have possession thereof whilst taking part in the performance, rehearsal or production. 3.17 Section 5(4) of the 1968 Act provides that an authority shall contain conditions for the purpose of ensuring that the prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition will not endanger the public safety or the peace. Conditions are stipulated by the Home Office or the Scottish Ministers (and these will vary in individual cases) although the opinion of the chief officer is also sought. Section 5(5) of the 1968 Act makes it an offence to fail to comply with any conditions subject to which an authority is granted. Under section 5(6) of the 1968 Act it is an offence, upon revocation, to fail to deliver up an authority to such person as may be specified in the notice within 21 days of the date of the notice of revocation. Exemptions from the requirement to hold the Secretary of StateÕs authority to possess prohibited items 3.18 Under the terms of section 54 of the 1968 Act (as amended) persons in the service of His Majesty acting in their capacity as such are exempt from the provisions of section 5 of the Act. For the purposes of the Act, persons deemed to be in the service of His Majesty include members of a police force, civilian officers, members 27 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law of any foreign force when serving with British forces, members of any approved cadet corps when engaged as members of the corps in drill, or in target practice on service premises,