CPA shall be performed on HO1 and HO2 unformed armour following certification testing where the armour has met the minimum acceptable criteria at the given protection levels. The tests aim to identify the velocity associated to a given statistical probability of body armour perforation. Such values shall be used to inform the performance of the certified armour and as a metric for comparison in PQT (Section 10) and ILM (Section 11). 6.8.2. Test configuration CPA testing shall be conducted using a rigid frame structure with the protective panels mounted onto a 400 ? 400 ? 100 mm piece of Plastazote¨ LD29 foam block backed by a flat vertical surface (e.g. 10 mm thick piece of plywood). The foam shall be conditioned in an environment maintained at 20 ± 3¡C and relative humidity range of 40 to 70% for a minimum of 12 hours before testing commences. A new sheet of foam shall be installed at the start of the CPA test for an armour model and after it becomes significantly damaged such that further shots on undisturbed regions are no longer possible. Figure 19 illustrates a test rig that could be used for such tests (drawing ref. M100823). Figure 19: Example of a CPA test rig 6.8.3. Test methods For all CPA tests, the MEN 9 mm FMJ DM11A1B2 shall be used, as specified in Table 8. Tests shall be conducted at a range of velocities into a minimum of three large protective panels with shot centres marked off the orthogonal axes of any other shot according to shot placement rules (Table 7). Between six and ten shots shall be performed on each panel; this shall be defined by the manufacturer. The panels shall be mounted in accordance with mounting instructions specified in Section 6.5.3.1. A minimum of 30 shots shall be performed with the test end conditions governed by the point at which the standard deviation of the V50 is below 10% of the mean. This condition shall be indicated by the CPA software. 6.8.4. Software and test instructions CPA software, DOSG Perforation Tool 26 shall be installed according to the developerÕs guidelines. Recommended usage for the software has been outlined below. a) Enter contextual information for the test (i.e. agency, target, ammunition, date and range). b) Select the protection level the armour has been tested to. This will update provide the software with the confidence limits detailed in Table 11. Table 11: CPA confidence limits Protection level Lower Confidence Limit (m.s-1) Upper Confidence Limit (m.s-1) HO1 300 600 HO2 350 650 26 To be provided by CAST on request. c) Based on the suggestions given by the software, adjust powder mass to attain specified velocity. d) Conduct the ballistic shot in the marked location. e) Measure the velocity and record in the software. f) Check to see whether the armour has perforated and record this information into the software (0 = non-perforation; 1 = perforation; 2 = ignore record.27) g) Further velocity suggestions will be made by the