your evidence in court. You may also be able to have your court cross- examination evidence pre-recorded at a time earlier and separate to the trial. The police will discuss this option with you. If you do want to give your evidence at the trial, if eligible, a court may allow you to give your evidence and be cross-examined via a live-link room away from the court or a remote site, to minimise the risk of meeting the defendant. However, if you would prefer, you can give your evidence in court. Prosecutors should make witnesses aware that while they can consider how they might like to give evidence, it will be subject to an application to the court and the final decision is made by a judge. 2.1 Right 3: To be provided with information when reporting the crime 3.1 If you report a crime to the police or have an allegation reported on your behalf, or if you are contacted as a victim in the course of investigations, you have the Right to written confirmation of your allegation. This will include the basic details of the offence, a crime reference number and the contact details of the police officer dealing with your case. The confirmation could be a letter, email, text message, or it could be written by hand. 3.2 Where the police consider there may be a risk of harm to you from sending the written confirmation, for example in domestic abuse cases, they must provide confirmation in a way that does not potentially risk your safety. 3.3 The police will explain where you can get further information about the criminal justice process and your Rights as a victim. This will include information on where and how to get advice and support. For example, where appropriate and available, how to seek compensation (see Right 5) access to medical support, specialist support, such as psychological support (including pre- trial therapy and counselling), and alternative accommodation. The police will also explain what arrangements are available if you do not live in England and Wales. 3.4 If the offender is an adult, you have the Right to receive information about Restorative Justice from the police and how to access Restorative Justice services in your local area. If the offender is under the age of 18, you have the Right to receive information about Restorative Justice from the Youth Offending Team.23 3.5 Although the police are responsible for providing you with information on Restorative Justice initially, all service providers must consider whether you would benefit from receiving this information at any stage of the criminal justice process. What is Restorative Justice? Restorative Justice is a process that brings those harmed by crime, and those responsible for the harm, into communication. It enables everyone affected by a particular incident to play a part in repairing the harm which can be valuable in finding a positive way forward. The communication may take many forms, for some this may mean meeting the offender face-to-face, for