retained (including material to which paragraph 6.16 applies) which may satisfy the test for prosecution disclosure in the Act, and should explain why he has come to that view. 7.3 At the same time as complying with the duties in paragraphs 7.1 and 7.2, the disclosure officer must give the prosecutor a copy of any material which falls into the following categories (unless such material has already been given to the prosecutor as part of the file containing the material for the prosecution case): * information provided by an accused person which indicates an explanation for the offence with which he has been charged; * any material casting doubt on the reliability of a confession; * any material casting doubt on the reliability of a prosecution witness; * any other material which the investigator believes may satisfy the test for prosecution disclosure in the Act. 7.4 If the prosecutor asks to inspect material which has not already been copied to him, the disclosure officer must allow him to inspect it. If the prosecutor asks for a copy of material which has not already been copied to him, the disclosure officer must give him a copy. However, this does not apply where the disclosure officer believes, having consulted the officer in charge of the investigation, that the material is too sensitive to be copied and can only be inspected. 7.5 If material consists of information which is recorded other than in writing, whether it should be given to the prosecutor in its original form as a whole, or by way of relevant extracts recorded in the same form, or in the form of a transcript, is a matter for agreement between the disclosure officer and the prosecutor. 7.1 8. Subsequent action by disclosure officer 8.1 At the time when a streamlined disclosure certificate is prepared for magistratesÕ court cases, or a schedule of non-sensitive material is prepared for Crown Court cases, the disclosure officer may not know exactly what material will form the case against the accused. In addition, the prosecutor may not have given advice about the likely relevance of particular items of material. Once these matters have been determined, the disclosure officer must give the prosecutor, where necessary, an amended certificate or schedule listing any additional material: * which may be relevant to the investigation, * which does not form part of the case against the accused, * which is not already listed on the schedule, and * which he believes is not sensitive, unless he is informed in writing by the prosecutor that the prosecutor intends to disclose the material to the defence. 8.2 Section 7A of the Act imposes a continuing duty on the prosecutor, for the duration of criminal proceedings against the accused, to disclose material which satisfies the test for disclosure (subject to public interest considerations). To enable him to do this, any new material coming to light should be treated in the same way as the earlier material. 8.3 In particular, after a defence