routine tasks such as searching texts or large observational data sets, to entirely new forms of enquiry brought about by AIﾃ不 ability to spot new patterns and prompt new questions and insights, often across existing disciplinary boundaries. 16b AlphaFold: a solution to a 50-year-old grand challenge in biology, DeepMind (November 2020) RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND INNOVATION 15 16 AI ROADMAP 2. Skills and Diversity The Councilﾃ不 vision is for everyone to be able to live confidently with AI, and for those who go on to work with it and to build it to do so with the very best foundation. For the most technically talented individuals we need to guarantee a best- in-class postgraduate offering to access globally attractive pathways that will contribute to the countryﾃ不 renowned research base. Success will depend on increasing the diversity of people working on and with AI until those AI communities reflect the society they inhabit. Itﾃ不 important to focus on diversity; not as an afterthought, but because doing so will generate crucial research questions and lead to the widest and most innovative range of future technologies which will serve the needs of the people. There are wonderful examples of emergent leadership, creativity, and energy in promoting diversity but it is not enough. We suggest benchmarking and forensically tracking levels of diversity and inclusion in AI as the NCSC17 has recently done for cyber security, to make data-led decisions about where to invest and ensure that underrepresented groups are included in funding programs. Government must do more to encourage the best of the existing initiatives where diversity is enabled, and to expand with their own schemes and campaigns, if the needle is to be sufficiently moved. What everyone needs to know The UK needs to set itself challenging but realistic goals to ensure that every child leaves school with a basic sense of how AI works. This is not just about understanding the basics of coding or quantitative reasoning, or to describe the mathematical concepts; nor is it simply 17 about ethics. It is about knowing enough to be a conscious and confident user of AI-related products; to know what questions to ask, what risks to look out for, what ethical and societal implications might arise, and what kinds of opportunities AI might provide. Without a basic literacy in AI specifically, the UK will miss out on opportunities created by AI applications, and will be vulnerable to poor consumer and public decision- making, and the dangers of over- persuasive hype or misplaced fear. Over time, AI needs to be built into the curriculum as a specialist subject. As well as being its own subject AI needs to be part of computer science, citizenship studies, and as part of new ways of doing other subjects such as geography or history. These changes may take a decade to complete but getting there is essential. For now, the government should focus energy on the most effective existing curriculum enrichment initiatives, not as alternatives to fundamental changes to the