the person's absence) enlarge the person's recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. The enlargement of the person's recognizance is to be treated as a further remand. Paragraph 4(1) (limit of remand) does not apply to the exercise of the powers conferred by this paragraph. 170 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Postponement of taking recognizance Where under paragraph 2(2)(b) the court fixes the amount in which the principal and the sureties, if any, are to be bound, the recognizance may afterwards be taken by such person as may be prescribed by rules of court, with the same consequences as if it had been entered into before the court. Requirements imposed on remand on bail The court may when remanding a person on bail under this Schedule require the person to comply, before release on bail or later, with such requirements as appear to the court to be necessary to secure that the person does not interfere with witnesses or otherwise obstruct the course of justice. [F69SCHEDULE 5A Section 46A Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Part 1 Introductory Power to make supervision order or detention order (1) Where— an injunction under Part 4 [F70has been] granted against a person under the age of 18, [ the person is still under the age of 18,] and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 171 F71(aa) on an application made by the injunction applicant, [F72a youth court] is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the person is in breach of any provision of the injunction, [F73that court] may make one of the orders specified in sub-paragraph (2) in respect of the person. (2) Those orders are— a supervision order (see Part 2 of this Schedule); a detention order (see Part 3 of this Schedule). F74(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .