nominated under subsections (3) to (6). The manager of the aerodrome may at any time nominate one or more individuals to be members of the group (in addition to the individual nominated under subsection (2)(a)). The chief officer of police may at any time nominate one individual to be a member of the group (in addition to the individual, if any, nominated under subsection (2)(b)). Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 109 The Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs may at any time nominate one individual to be a member of the group. The Secretary of State may at any time nominate one or more individuals to be members of the group. If the manager of the aerodrome wishes to make a nomination under subsection (3) at any time after the establishment of the group, the manager must consult the group before making the nomination. An individual may be nominated under subsections (2) to (6) only if the individual has knowledge or experience which is relevant to the assessment of threats, or particular kinds of threats, to the security of aerodromes. The group must permit any individuals nominated by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this subsection to attend meetings of the group as observers. 24AC Functions of risk advisory groups The risk advisory group for an aerodrome must prepare a risk report for the aerodrome before the end of the period of 2 months beginning with the day by which the group is required to be established. A risk report is a document containing an assessment of each threat to the security of the aerodrome. In relation to each such threat, the risk report must also— contain an assessment of the effectiveness of any security measures that are being taken in relation to the aerodrome in response to the threat, and set out the recommendations of the group as to the security measures that should be taken, or continue to be taken, in response to the threat. The group— must from time to time revise the assessments contained in the report so as to keep them up to date, and may at any time revise the recommendations. Where the report is prepared or revised, the group must give a copy of it to the manager of the aerodrome. The manager of the aerodrome must then give a copy of the report to each member of the security executive group for the aerodrome. If the Secretary of State at any time requests a