be aware that indebtedness and unmanageable borrowing can pose a risk to the integrity of individual members of Wiltshire Police. In some instances individuals may become vulnerable to corruption. Any undue pressure, improper influence or manipulation of Wiltshire Police employees by criminal individuals and organisations could cause significant damage to public trust in the Police service. 3. DEFINITION OF UNMANAGEABLE DEBT / BORROWING Personal debt can be considered unmanageable when the level of required payments cannot be met through normal income streams. This would typically occur over a sustained period of time, causing overall debt / borrowing levels to increase to a level where repayments become impossible to manage. It is recognised that the assessment of debt issues is a subjective one and each case should be looked at on its own merits. Factors such as the different categories of debt (e.g. student loans, maintenance settlements, gambling or other lifestyle issues) should all be taken into account. However, the prime consideration is that the debt issue is being acknowledged and addressed; that the individual is taking responsibility and taking appropriate steps to manage the situation; rather than the issue being ignored in the hope that it will Ògo awayÓ. 4. RESPONSIBILITIES 4.1 Individual Responsibility All Police Officers, Special Constables, Police Staff, and embedded 3rd party representatives directly or indirectly involved in the delivery of policing services, have a personal responsibility to ensure their financial circumstances are kept within their control and that they maintain agreed repayment schedules and amounts with lenders. All Police Officers must be aware that under the Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020, they have a mandatory responsibility to disclose any unmanageable debt/borrowing and must discharge all lawful debts in accordance with the terms and conditions directed by the lender. Police Staff have obligations to discharge their borrowing repayments in accordance with consumer lending expectations. Also, the College of Policing Vetting Authorised Professional Practice recommends that the same standards of vetting including financial checks are applied to Police Staff. All personnel in receipt of security clearance are required to notify Force Vetting of any significant change to their personal and financial circumstances All personnel must: • Familiarise themselves and comply with this policy, complementary polices and other policies issued from time to time • Notify the Force that they are experiencing unmanageable debt as soon as it is practicable to do so (see 5 below). 4.2 Managers and Heads of Department All Heads of Department & Departmental Managers have a duty of care for Officers and Staff under their management control. Managers are expected to discuss the risks posed by indebtedness and unmanageable borrowing with their staff by way of an Integrity Health Check conducted at least annually during one-to-one meetings or as part of the ePDR process. Therefore, all supervisors should be fully aware and able to inform individuals of the support mechanisms in place to support colleagues experiencing financial and attendant difficulties. Those employees affected by debt will be dealt with as a welfare concern unless the