the same time as your health and safety assessment. If a fire or Ônear missÕ occurs, this could indicate that your existing assessment may be inadequate and you should carry out a re-assessment. It is good practice to identify the cause of any incident and then review and, if necessary, revise your fire risk assessment in the light of this. Records of testing, maintenance and training etc. are useful aids in a review process. See Appendix A.1 for an example. Alterations notices If you have been served with an Ôalterations noticeÕ check it to see whether you need to notify the enforcing authority about any changes you propose to make as a result of your review. If these changes include building work, you should also consult a building control body. You should now have completed the five-step fire risk assessment process, using the additional information in Part 2 where necessary. In any review you may need to revisit Steps 1 to 4. 38 Part 2 Further guidance on fire risk assessment and fire precautions Managing fire safety Good management of fire safety in your premises is essential to ensure that any fire safety matters that arise are always effectively addressed. In small premises this can be achieved by the manager or owner responsible for maintaining and planning fire safety in conjunction with general health and safety. In larger premises, it is good practice for a senior manager to have overall responsibility for fire safety. It may be appropriate for this responsibility to be placed with the person designated with overall responsibility for health and safety. An organisationÕs fire safety policy should be flexible enough to allow modification. It should be recognised that fire safety operates at all levels within an organisation and therefore those responsible for fire safety should be able to develop, where necessary, a local action plan for their premises. The organisationÕs policy should be set out in writing and may cover such things as: • who will hold the responsibility for fire safety at board level; • who will be the responsible person for each of their premises (this will be the person who has overall control usually the manager); • the arrangement whereby those responsible for fire safety will, where necessary, nominate in writing specific people to carry out particular tasks if there is a fire; and • arrangements to monitor and check that individual persons responsible for fire safety are meeting the requirements of the fire safety law. You should have a plan of action to bring together all the features you have evaluated and noted from your fire risk assessment so that you can logically plan what needs to be done. It should not be confused with the emergency plan, which is a statement of what you will do if there is a fire. The plan of action should include what you intend to do to reduce the hazards and risks you have identified and to implement the necessary protection measures. You will need