reasonable for the individual situation, but these specifications should provide a standard against which to measure any alternative proposals. 2. Certain recommendations in this section involve structural adaptation. You need to ensure that any recommendation you make will not cause any damage to load bearing of floors or walls. It is important that applicants are advised professional advice should be sought before embarking on projects of this nature. 3. When proposing security for domestic and commercial premises, no requirements can be implemented that compromise the provisions for safe exiting from such premises, required in both the Building and Fire Safety controls. 4. Any proposals involving increasing levels of resistance by security devices should take account of the fact that steel doors are likely to be found inappropriate within a normal domestic situation, but may be relevant to areas such as cellars, where substantial anchorage may be present. 5. The style of security required must be reasonable for each situation. Illustrations 6. The illustrations provided with this document are not necessarily to scale, but are produced to give visual information on the items to which they relate. Cabinets 7.1 Cabinets which may be considered to be suitable for the security of firearms, shotguns and ammunition should be expected to provide the resistance equal to: a) a cabinet manufactured and fitted as certified to comply with BS7558:1992; or b) a cabinet fabricated to the following: i. Sheet steel body of not less than 2mm (14swg), formed by either folding, continuous welding or a combination of these methods; • when fabricating the body, the door case should be constructed to provide a continuous rest plate the length of the opening edge to prevent attack on the lockbolts by inserting a hacksaw blade; • the door frame may be formed by return bending of the body steel or the provision of a bar or angle frame, welded to the carcass with sufficient relief to the edges to provide for door locking and hanging. The frame should be designed so that the door, when closed, can resist attempts to force it inwards. • • doors should be formed from the same material with either bent, folded or post formed edges, or the provision of a bracing frame of bar or angled steel, or ribs welded to the inside of the door to prevent the flexing or bending of the door when closed; • hinges internally fitted; • hinges externally fitted, with either hinge bolts, anti-bar plates or interlocking formed door edge, along the hanging side of the door; • swivel bars or rods with return fold anti-bar plate. The frame should be fabricated to prevent, so far as possible, the insertion of tools to cut the pins; or • for slot in type doors, not less than 2 steel pins of 12mm diameter or full width welded steel foot plate not less than door thickness. ii. Secured by: • locks to BS3621 Ð 2017 or 7 lever safe locks with not less than 38mm x