marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved 24/03/2025 Recovering and identifying the deceased and human remains https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/disaster-victim-identification/recovering-and- identifying-deceased-and-human-remains Page Recovering and identifying the deceased and human remains This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 7 February 2025 Written by College of Policing Disaster victim identification 38 mins read Victim holding audit area The victim holding audit area (VHAA) is often a temporary structure where deceased persons and human remains retrieved from the scene of a major incident can be initially taken. They can then be transferred to a designated mortuary. A VHAA is usually established and located just outside the inner cordon. Where there are multiple scenes, or the scene covers an extensive area, more than one VHAA may be established. In maritime incidents, a VHAA could be established at each of the seaports or airports where deceased people and human remains will be taken following retrieval from the scene. A location may need to be identified and established before a formal VHAA is established in order to receive and store bodies moved by other emergency responders. In these circumstances, the police tactical commander takes responsibility for establishing an area which should be secure and shielded from view. The VHAA will be formally established under the direction of the scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) and consideration should be given to the deployment of police disaster victim identification (DVI) teams to both the VHAA and casualty clearing station where required. Responders should be advised of the establishment of the VHAA and the circumstances under which deceased persons or human remains should be taken there. Restricting access Restrict access to the VHAA. Keep a log of the name and role of every individual who enters and leaves, along with the reasons for access and the time. The number of personnel deployed to a VHAA is determined by the number of fatalities. Disaster victim identification (DVI) trained officer(s) are responsible for the accurate recording and storage of the deceased and exhibits. Documentation It is essential for the professionalism and integrity of the investigation that the correct documentation is completed carefully and accurately. This is also essential for identifying deceased persons and any human remains. Use the INTERPOL disaster victim recovery form to document the recovery of deceased persons and human remains. Use the online INTERPOL disaster victim recovery form if hard copy disaster victim recovery booklets are unavailable. Contents of a disaster victim recovery form The disaster victim recovery form contains a unique reference number and a bar code and scene notes. The booklet also contains labels with the same bar