handling personal and medical information, verbally or written. All information either written or held by computer is maintained in a confidential manner and is not divulged without the consent of the individual. There may be occasion to breach confidentiality but these are very rare. 4.4 Medical Records Information held in a police officerÕs/member of police staffÕs Occupational Health notes is held in accordance with the Medical Records Act 1998 4.5 Access to Medical Records A request by a police officer/member of staff for a complete copy of their Occupational Health notes can be obtained with a signed written consent. Individual Request to View OH Records All police officers and police staff have the right to view the medical information held within their own Occupational Health file. 4.6 Third Party Access to OH Records Management/Unions Management or Staff Associations do not have the right to view any Occupational Health files or obtain medical information. In the event that a police officer/member of police staff wishes their manager or their representative to have a copy of their medical file this will be authorised with their explicit consent. In most cases the file would be forwarded to the individual concerned who can then arrange disclosure themselves. 4.7 Legal Representation Ð Solicitors In the event that a police officer/member of police staff wishes their legal representative to have a copy of their medical file this will be authorised with written consent by the individual. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership Department Responsible: Occupational Health Unit Policy Owner/Author: Penny Fuller, Head of Occupational Health Technical Author: Angie Tinker, Occupational Nurse Advisor Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: DCC Paul Mills Revision History Effective From: 25/05/18 Next Review Date: Three yearly or when significant changes in work activity, process or procedure occurs. Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 23/09/2014 1.0 25/05/2018 2.0 Data Protection section amended to reflect implementation of GDPR and new DPA. Approvals This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 24.09.2014 1.0 Health & Safety Committee JNCC (Not required for all policies) 10.09.2014 1.0 Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Diversity Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version UNISON April 2014 0.2 Police Federation April 2014 0.2 Staff Association Board April 2014 0.2 Implications of the Policy Training Requirements Any perceived training requirements needed to implement this policy should be identified here. IT Infrastructure State here whether implementation of this policy requires any input from IT, adaption and/or addition to any IT systems or packages? WILTSHIRE POLICE & POLICE AND CRIME COMMISSIONER Overtime Policy (Working Time Tracking) For Wiltshire Police & OPCC Staff Date of Publication: May 2021 Version: 2.0 Next Review Date: May 2024 CONTENTS Summary 3 Scope 3 Principles 3 Overtime ÔTriggersÕ 3 Limit ÔTriggersÕ 4 Responsibilities 4 Individuals 4 Line Managers 5 Senior Leadership Teams (SLT) 5 Payroll/Finance