• Where you are a Reporting Person or Victim and a witness statement is required, it should be obtained by Investigating Officers. If you create a self-written statement it should be submitted to the Investigating Officer. Under no circumstances should you attach a statement, exhibit or any other document to the investigation. • Where supervisors are approached to authorise a search of a Data System, the supervisor must make a considered decision as to whether it is appropriate for the staff member to continue with their enquiry. If necessary they should seek advice from CCU or PSD. A record must be made of the decision taken by the supervisor and the member of staff. • If you are asked to search any confidential system on behalf of someone else you need to make a record of the request. This is to ensure that you can respond adequately to any later question regarding the justification for the search. All records of requests should be made in a Pocket Note Book (PNB), or some other suitable auditable system, so that if necessary it can be produced at a later date. See Pocket Notebooks and Other Notebooks Procedure. 22.2 E-Mail/Messaging Security and Secure Internet Access E-mail and the Internet are provided to you as a means of improving your communications, knowledge and effectiveness at work. Wiltshire Police/OPCC e-mail and Internet facilities are intended for business use, although limited personal use may be permitted, subject to approval by your line manager. Regardless, all usage of e-mail and Internet facilities is treated as the property of the Wiltshire Police/OPCC and must not be regarded as private. All staff must be aware that the Wiltshire Police and OPCC reserves the right to use monitoring tools to enforce Force policies and to produce periodic reports detailing use of its e-mail and Internet access facilities. Use of e-mail and Internet access introduces security threats such as malicious code attacks, e.g. viruses, unsolicited or undesirable e-mail, fraudulent attempts to acquire sensitive information such as passwords, police matters, unauthorised content, and breaches of legislation, e.g. computer misuse and copyright legislation. If you accidentally access any material which is not permitted, you must report this to your line manager and the ICT Service Desk immediately. E-mail is an insecure method of communication and messages may well be read by those who have no authority to do so. Before sending information via e-mail, you must first assess the classification and handling requirements of that information as detailed in the Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) (see Government Security Classification Guidance Handout for details). The following guidelines should be considered when using e-mail, the Internet and social media applications: • Obtain confirmation of receipt of important e-mails, particularly those containing personal data; • Wherever possible check e-mail accounts each working day; • Reply promptly to e-mail messages requiring a response. Where prompt response is not practicable, an acknowledgement should be sent; • When sending emails, authors should be mindful that the content of their