information in accordance with the ForceÕs disposal schedules must be incorporated into the Statement of Requirements for all future procurement of electronic data management applications. All line of Line of Business Applications are backed-up. However this does not mean that the information is in a format that can be swiftly accessed following a disaster. An ICT Service Continuity Plan exists to cover a small number of Applications, ensuring that the core business would be supported in the event of a major incident. It is the responsibility of each department to ensure that their business continuity and disaster recovery plans provide adequate contingencies for the ICT systems that the department owns and/or uses, if they are not covered by the overall Force ICT Service Continuity Plan. Scanning The scanning of paper records is a time-consuming process, which will only be undertaken where there is a genuine business need, such as: * the need to create space by disposing of the original paper record or * the need to share the record on a regular basis between business areas located in different parts of the county. Any department considering a scanning project must consult with the Information Asset Owner to ensure the business needs are met, and with ICT to ensure that there is sufficient capacity within the ICT infrastructure to safely store the volume of files, that accessing the files is not detrimental to the performance of the network and that resources exist to back up the files appropriately. Where scanning results in the disposal of the original record, care must be taken to adhere to the scanning standards set out in BS 10008:2008 (code of practice for legal admissibility and evidential weight of information stored electronically). Scanned copies must be checked for quality before the original is disposed. The original must be retained if: * a scanned image of sufficient quality cannot be obtained; * the scanned image requires significant enhancement; * the record has physical amendments that have not been captured (e.g. pencil annotations that do not show up properly, or Post-Itª notes); * fraud is suspected; * * there are legal reasons for retaining the original (e.g. contracts) * the scan is of an exhibit (e.g. a hate-mail letter) Originals of scanned, non-Wiltshire Police or OPCC records should, wherever practicable, be returned to the originator rather than destroyed. Where the original is retained after scanning, the scanned version is nothing more than a Òconvenience copyÓ and scanning standards need not be so rigorously applied. Hardware used to scan records will allow the Force and OPCC to adhere to the standards set in BS10008:2014. Where it is intended to dispose of the original record after scanning, multi-function scanner/printer/copier machines will not be used. Email The management of email and the associated email archive is covered in the Acceptable Use Force Systems Policy. Access and Security The legal and business environment in which the Force and OPCC operate establishes broad principles on access rights, conditions and restrictions. The standard business