change. Wiltshire Police is exposed to a number of risks that may threaten its assets, interrupt activity and divert resources from the ForceÕs purpose of ÔPreventing Crime and Protecting the PublicÕ. Wiltshire Police is committed to the management of risk in order to:- Safeguard its personnel and all other persons to whom it has a duty of care Ensure compliance with statutory obligations Preserve and enhance service delivery Maintain effective control of public funds Protect its property and all other physical assets and resources Protect the reputation of Wiltshire Police. Risks are managed at two levels: Strategic. - The management of risks that may impact on the ForceÕs medium to long-term goals and objectives will be co-ordinated by the Head of Improvement and Change, reporting into a Chief Officer Group (COG) meeting on a monthly basis with a dedicated focus on risk management. Individual managers at senior level will be allocated ownership of those risks that fall within their area of responsibility. Operational. Ð The management of risks that they will encounter in the daily course of their work will be an intrinsic part of the role of all managers throughout the Force. All personnel will have a responsibility to co-operate with their managers to identify, assess and review risks that may affect the achievement of their objectives. Wiltshire Police has a risk management process in place that effectively manages risk against its business in order to ensure it operates under the sound principles of Corporate Governance and is in line with the Police and Crime Plan adopted by the Office of Police and Crime Commissioner (OPCC) and the Delivery Plan adopted by the Chief Constable. The OPCC has oversight of risk management under the obligation to maintain an efficient and effective Police Force (Section 1(6) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011) and holds the Chief Constable to account for the exercise of the Chief ConstableÕs functions and functions of people under the direction and control of the Chief Constable (Section 1(7) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011). The ForceÕs Corporate Risk Register and the risk process is owned by the Deputy Chief Constable of Wiltshire Police with delegated responsibility to the Head of Improvement and Change to manage the associated policy and processes on his behalf. The Continuous Improvement and Business Planning Team Leader is responsible for managing the risk management process on behalf of the Head of Improvement and Change and will maintain the policy and processes on their behalf. In addition Local Risk Registers will be owned by each Business Area lead. The Local Risk Registers will contain those risks identified within a business area that primarily affect that area only and so can be managed locally by the relevant Senior Management Team. It is the responsibility of all executive leads, heads of departments and business area leads to ensure they manage the risks residing within their own areas of authority and to provide regular updates for the relevant entries on the Corporate Risk Register