multi-agency exercises; o prepare and deliver from time to time a strategic assessment on the capability and readiness of local responders, acting together, to respond; and o act when necessary as a focal point for the dissemination of documents containing policy initiatives and requests from other levels of government. 2.103. All of these tasks, but particularly the last three, illustrate the burden of work falling to LRFs, which has encouraged them to find ways of appointing managers where they can. The LRF is not a fully-staffed, corporate body, supported by a secure funding stream. As a result, the expectations placed on it can sometimes strain its limited infrastructure. The LRF relies on voluntary contributions in kind or through subscription from its members. Accordingly, central government will endeavour to reduce the demands placed directly on LRFs by circulating communications and expectations for action in the first instance to the specific Category 1 and 2 duty-holders whose contributions are required. LRF chairs and secretariats will be fully informed of all these communications and be invited to co-ordinate initiatives. 2.53. 2.104. The LRF is likely to rely on its member organisations Ð in addition to those providing the chair and the secretariat Ð taking initiative and progressing work through the general working group, the sub-groups, the task and finish groups and other projects. 2.105. Various factors should determine the choice of who provides the secretariat. Those taking up the task should: o take on the job on a long term basis; o be competent to support the chair at strategic level meetings; o have the back up of an administration team within their own organisation; and o be competent to organise, or to support officers from their own or other organisations, in administering the work of the working group, sub-groups, task and finish groups and other projects. LRF funding 2.106. Dedicated funding can achieve greater consistency of performance in LRFs. In most cases, providing a secretariat - or a co-ordinator or manager-relies on a subscription scheme. Subscription from LRF members has achieved good results in a number of areas and should be considered as a practical way of standing the forum on a firmer footing. 2.107. Establishing LRFs on a firmer basis with greater resources to support the chair and secretariat will require full consent from the members, who will wish to ensure that sound governance arrangements and an effective work programme are in place. Some support for the work of sub-groups, as well as the main LRF, may be appropriate in some instances. 2.53. Participation in the LRF 2.108. This section looks at how participation in the LRF process is likely to be organised in practice for different classes of organisation. The descriptions below are guides rather than definitive structures, and will need to be tailored to reflect local circumstances. But they do represent what Category 1 and 2 responders have indicated as reasonable expectations at the local level. Category 1 responders 2.109. Local authorities play a critical role in civil protection.