producing local design codes will set out how homes and neighbourhoods must be designed with safety and security in mind by applying the principles of Secured by Design35. This includes using passive design measures, such as Ôeyes on the streetÕ and appropriate layouts for homes. 125. Finally, we know there are other serious issues affecting some vulnerable tenants and we want to stamp these out. One such example is Òcounty linesÓ which, in some areas, has resulted in gangs using young people and vulnerable adults to spread drugs across the country. Gangs will use a vulnerable personÕs home to sell the drugs from. This ÒcuckooingÓ is a key part of the gangsÕ strategy. We want to see all housing associations and local authority landlords using their knowledge of vulnerable tenants to monitor and support those tenants who may be at risk. We know that there have been examples where landlord intervention with other agencies has resulted in preventing vulnerable people from being exploited by these gangs. It is vital that they work together with bodies, such as the police, to maximise this impact. 126. We will continue to identify opportunities to reduce crime and anti-social behaviour including encouraging landlords to develop practical solutions to tackle crime and anti-social behaviour in their areas. Integrating social housing in communities 127. Social homes are a vital part of diverse communities across the country. Yet residents told us they often felt stigmatised, and that a shift was needed in the way residents are perceived and treated. Some said that they were made to feel like Ôsecond class citizensÕ. We heard examples of social housing residents being denied access to certain shared facilities or spaces, leading to segregation from their neighbours and wider communities. 128. It is vital that social housing is treated as an integral and valued part of our housing system, rather than being separated or segregated from other forms of housing. That aspiration is reflected in the National Planning Policy Framework which states that planning policies and decisions should aim to achieve healthy, inclusive and safe places. It also emphasises the need for planning policies and decisions to promote social interaction and provide shared spaces and facilities. It is supported by our planning practice guidance on Design: Process and Tools, published in October 2019, which includes guidance on the effective engagement of communities in shaping the design of their neighbourhoods. 34 https://www.gov.uk/government/news/safer-streets-fund-to-tackle-burglary-and-theft 35 https://www.securedbydesign.com/ The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 61 129. One significant way in which the planning system supports the creation of mixed communities is through developer contributions (via planning obligations Ð also known as Section 106 agreements). Developer contributions currently deliver around half of all new affordable housing, most of which is delivered on-site. This has played an important role in securing affordable housing as part of mixed-tenure development. 130. Under the GovernmentÕs proposals to reform the planning system, set out in the Planning for the Future White Paper, the current system of developer