of forfeiture 45. Once the suspected cutting agents have been seized under the new powers, they can be detained for up to 30 days while investigations proceed (with a possible further 30 days extension upon application to a court3). The responsible officer must make reasonable efforts to give proper notice of the seizure and the consequences of this to the person from whom the substances were seized and the owner of the substances (if they may belong to a different person). 46. There will be further judicial oversight if the law enforcement agency wishes to destroy the substances, since it will need to apply to a magistrates? court for forfeiture. The court must grant forfeiture if satisfied, to the civil standard of proof, that the substance was intended for use as a drug cutting agent. Once the court has ordered the substances either to be returned or forfeited, a ãparty to the 3 For the purposes of Part 4 in respect of Scotland, references to a court mean a sheriff proceedings? (most likely either the relevant law enforcement agency or the owner of the substances) or a person entitled to the substances (if not a party to those proceedings) will have 30 days to appeal against the decision. 47. In the unlikely event that the property of a legitimate business is seized under these powers (that is, where substances are seized but no forfeiture is granted), the owner will be able to apply for compensation. The compensation would be paid by the law enforcement agency which made the seizure. To prevent unreasonable claims, the value of the compensation will be no more than the wholesale value of the substances seized (unless exceptional circumstances exist). Children and Young Persons Act 1933 48. Section 1 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (Òthe 1933 ActÓ) provides for an offence of child cruelty. This offence is committed where a person age 16 or over, who has responsibility for a child under that age, willfully (i.e. intentionally or recklessly) assaults, ill-treats, neglects, abandons, or exposes that child in a manner likely to cause Òunnecessary suffering or injury to healthÓ; or causes or procures someone else to treat a child in that manner. The maximum penalty for the offence is ten years? imprisonment or a fine or both. 49. Section 1(2)(b) of the 1933 Act provides that, in a case where the death of a child under three is proved to have been caused by suffocation while the child was in bed with a person aged 16 or over, that person is deemed, for the purposes of the child cruelty offence, to have neglected the child in a manner likely to cause injury to its health, if he or she went to bed under the influence of drink. Section 66 amendments 50. Section 66 clarifies, updates and modernises some of the language of, section 1 of the 1933 Act. The effect of the changes made by section 66 are to: 1. (a) make it