“emergency” circumstances if they are present or imminent and— are causing or are likely to cause— serious injury to or the serious illness (including mental illness) of a person; serious harm to the environment (including the life and health of plants and animals); serious harm to any building or other property; or a worsening of any such injury, illness or harm; or are likely to cause the death of a person. In subsection (2) above “relevant NHS body” means— in relation to England and Wales,[F3the Secretary of State in the exercise of public health functions, a local authority in the exercise of public health functions, [F4NHS England], [F5an integrated care board,]] an NHS foundation trust, National Health Service trust, Special Health AuthorityF6... or Local Health Board; in relation to Northern Ireland, a [F7Health and Social Care trust]. [F8(6) In subsection (5)(a) above “public health functions”— in relation to the Secretary of State, has the same meaning as in section 1H(5) (a) of the National Health Service Act 2006; in relation to a local authority, has the same meaning as in section 1H(5)(b) of that Act.] Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) 3 Document Generated: 2024-05-08 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) Obstructing or hindering persons assisting emergency workers A person who without reasonable excuse obstructs or hinders another in the circumstances described in subsection (2) below commits an offence. Those circumstances are where the person being obstructed or hindered is assisting another while that other person is, in a capacity mentioned in section 1(2) of this Act, responding to emergency circumstances. Provisions supplementary to sections 1 and 2 A person may be convicted of the offence under section 1 or 2 of this Act notwithstanding that it is— effected by means other than physical means; or effected by action directed only at any vehicle, vessel, apparatus, equipment or other thing or any animal used or to be used by a person referred to in that section. For the purposes of sections 1 and 2 of this Act, circumstances to which a person is responding are to be taken to be emergency circumstances if the person believes and has reasonable grounds for believing they are or may be emergency circumstances. Penalties A person guilty of an offence under this Act is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale. Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) Document Generated: 2024-05-08 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) Power to modify The Secretary of State may by order modify this Act so as to add or remove a person or description of person to or from section 1(2) of this Act; and may make such provision connected with that modification as he thinks fit. The Secretary of State shall not make an