Stalking prohibits a conduct relating to the offence of stalking involving fear of violence or serious alarm or distress. This prohibits a course of conduct which causes Ôserious alarm or distressÕ which has a substantial adverse effect on the day to day activities of the victim. It is designed to recognise the serious impact that stalking may have on victims, even where an explicit fear of violence is not created by each incident of stalking behaviour. Table of Contents 2.4 Power of Entry Officers have a power of entry under section 4A only. An application for a warrant to a Justice of the Peace is required under section 2A. 2.5 Racially Aggravated Harassment The Crime and Disorder Act 1998 ÔRacially Aggravated OffencesÕ can apply to the Protection from Harassment Act 1997. In the case of Racially Aggravated Harassment Ð Section 2 - the penalty is increased to a maximum of 2 yearsÕ imprisonment; and Section 4 increases to 7 yearsÕ imprisonment. 2.6 Collective Harassment Section 7(3A) of the Act deals with the situation where more than one person is engaged in the harassment of another e.g. if a group decide to target a particular victim, or a stalker arranges for another person to harass the stalkers victim. This subsection was specifically passed in order to deal with situations where animal rights demonstrators were engaging in campaigns of harassment where each member only committed one act of harassment, i.e. sending a leaflet, and was therefore not engaging in a course of conduct. The subsection could also be useful in circumstances where an individual who is harassing a family or a member of that family arranges for another person to engage in acts of harassment towards the family or family member. In each such case the court can deal with all the incidents of harassment together and all parties involved can be prosecuted for every incident in the course of conduct and not just the incidents that they were personally engaged in. It is however an unusual charge and therefore where a case of collective harassment is suspected it is sensible to discuss matters with supervision and the CPS at an early stage of the investigation. 3. WHO BECOMES A STALKER? A number of stalker typologies have been identified: Rejected by victim The victim is an ex intimate partner. These stalkers will deny the end of the relationship. They are often sane but angry. They will respond to sanctions but believe that they are entitled to their partner Early intervention is key to prevent the stalking and protect the victim Intimacy seeker Intimacy stalkers believe they are in a relationship with their victim. This fictional pseudo relationship can be with anyone. Such a relationship can develop with anyone with whom they have had contact with. Such victims can range from a dentist to a celebrity. Incompetent suitor Such stalkers will not have the skills to pursue a relationship, but do so anyway. They do not have the basic skills to develop and