on Firearms Licensing Law 16.9 In general, the chief officer of police will be requested to undertake an inspection of museum premises to establish that adequate security measures have been taken and to provide a report to the Home Office or the Scottish Government. It should be noted that these inspections and reports should only cover arrangements for safe custody, and should include a review of an appropriate museum collections management system, they should not deal with the condition or physical state of exhibits. The latter are entirely a matter for the museum authorities. Many of the larger museums will of course have their own, experienced, security staff. In such cases, full consultation should take place with the appropriate museum staff in order to gain the benefit of their expertise. Further advice can be found in the Firearm Security Handbook 2020. Conditions that may be added to museum licences 16.10 The Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers may attach conditions to the museum licence relating to the safe custody of the firearms and ammunition in question. Such conditions will relate only to arrangements for safekeeping and not to the physical condition of the exhibits (see paragraph 16.9 above). The police report should therefore include any recommendations which the chief officer of police wishes to make concerning the appropriate conditions necessary to ensure the safe custody of the firearms and ammunition. 16.11 A licence may be granted for all the museumÕs buildings or for particular premises of the museum. If the museum has a number of separate premises and firearms are kept or displayed in only one of them, the licence will normally only be issued for the building in which the firearms are kept and/or displayed. The report should therefore make clear which premises the museum wishes to use for this purpose and the security inspection need relate only to those premises at which the licence will apply. Issue and renewal of museum licences 16.12 Following consideration by the Home Office or the Scottish Government, the museum will be informed of whether the licence has been granted in principle by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers. Museums in England and Wales will then be required to pay the specified fee payable for the grant of the licence using the details given in a direct request from the online application system. Museums in Scotland will be contacted by the Scottish Government about payment of the appropriate fee. The applicable fees for museum licence applications are set out within Chapter 19. Payments for Scottish museums should be sent to: Scottish Government Treasury and Banking Branch Mail Point 5 3A North Victoria Quay Leith Edinburgh EH6 6QQ The licence will be issued to the museum and copied to the chief officer of police. 144 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 16.13 A museum licence is valid for a period of five years, subject to its revocation or cancellation. An application for renewal will follow the same procedure as for a grant.