The maximum penalty for both failure to obey a lawful order and discreditable conduct, is the same. 12.3 Any penalty would take into account both Proportionality and Public Interest. Table of Contents APPENDIX E Alcohol Screening: Protocol for Testing 1. Overview 1.1 There is a presumption that a person is unfit to work in a Vulnerable (safety critical area) if they have more than 29 mg% in blood (39 mg% in urine, 13 micrograms% in breath). This compares with a limit of 80 mg% in blood for driving. 1.2 Where testing is carried out, it should be conducted using breath testing equipment capable of making measurements at the 13 micrograms% level (equivalent to the 29 mg% blood level). Officers should never be tested on apparatus held in a custody suite, unless the suite is cleared of all other users. 1.3 Each Òbreath testÓ should consist of two consecutive breath specimen tests from the officer, with the final result being declared as the lower of the two results. 1.4 If a supervising officer or member of staff smells alcohol on the breath of an officer liable to alcohol testing, a breath alcohol test can be administered after a wait of 15 minutes. (This is to deal with the eventuality that at the time the suspicion of excess drinking is aroused, a proportion of the alcohol consumed may still be in the officerÕs stomach. Alcohol must be absorbed into the body to register in a breath alcohol test.) 1.5 It should always be open to an officer to declare that they suspect they might have inadvertently exceeded the limit. Any such declaration should be made before the officer is notified of any requirement to take a test. Such declarations should not result in the officer being penalised, provided there is no pattern of continuing excess. A declaration may be particularly appropriate in circumstances of an unexpected change of duty, for example being allocated to driving duties involving possible use of the police exemptions under the Road Traffic Act, due to a staff shortage. 1.6 Any subsequent discipline procedure will take into account all of the relevant surrounding circumstances, (i.e. level above limit) and each case will be dealt on an individual basis. Table of Contents APPENDIX F Guidance On and Overview of Testing Procedures 1. Overview of Drug Testing Procedures 1.1 The outcome of a drug test is expressed as ÒPositiveÓ or ÒNegativeÓ. 1.2 The purpose of drug testing is to establish whether the donor of the specimen has consumed a controlled drug at some time prior to the collection of the specimen. The identification of a drug in a specimen is not the complete picture as there may be legitimate reasons for the drug being present. 1.3 For example, the presence of morphine in a urine specimen may indicate that the donor is a heroin user (heroin is converted to morphine in the human body) but equally it may indicate only that the donor had legitimately taken an anti-diarrhoea preparation that