in Annex A of Chapter 2 (Co-operation) ?. These are: o sound risk assessment relies on obtaining accurate information about the nature of the hazard, the probability of a hazardous event occurring, and the potential effects and impact on the community if it does. Each of these elements may involve some specialist knowledge and calculation and the information required may be privileged or sensitive and not generally in the public domain. o business continuity management largely involves knowledge of the vulnerabilities of oneÕs own organisation Ð but it also examines linkages to and dependencies on suppliers and contractors, where information may be harder to obtain. o emergency planning relies essentially on knowledge of how each of the partners in response has planned to perform Ð what their aims and contribution will be, how they will organise and co-ordinate their efforts with those of other bodies, and how contacts will be managed before and during the event. All these details are constantly changing as plans are revised, organisations are restructured or their roles redefined, and individuals and teams are replaced. 2 This refers to a table in the 2012 revision of Chapter 2 (Co-operation) of Emergency Preparedness. 3.4. Information sharing is necessary so that Category 1 and 2 responders are able to make the right judgements. If Category 1 and 2 responders have access to all the information they need, they can make the right decisions about how to plan and what to plan for. If they do not have access to all the information, their planning will be weakened. They will be less well placed to make judgements around cost-benefit analysis Ð what to plan for and what not to plan for. 3.5. But the picture is complicated because each individual Category 1 or 2 responder needs to get its planning right and this has to be balanced against the needs of others. For example, sharing a piece of information which helps the planning of one Category 1 or 2 responder, might, in some circumstances, harm the interests of another Category 1 or 2 responder. Also, the perspective of an individual organisation on a single piece of information can be affected by its own position, so an organisation can interpret information in a way that seems correct but is actually wrong. For example, a Category 1 or 2 responder might interpret something to be a risk, but another Category 1 or 2 responder with greater expertise might be less concerned. And in some circumstances, Category 1 or 2 responders will not be able to appreciate the bigger picture into which the information fits. For example, a seemingly innocuous piece of information might have implications for national security. 3.6. These two competing factors point towards a framework in which the initial presumption is that information should be shared, but that some information should be controlled if its release would be counterproductive or damaging in some other way. 3.1. Devolved Administrations 3.7. The way in which the information sharing duty under the