5) (search etc. for material relevant to overseas investigation), after subsection (8) there shall be inserted— “(8A) Subject to subsection (8B) below, the reference in subsection (4) above to evidence seized by a constable by virtue of this section shall be taken to include a reference to evidence seized by a constable by virtue of the exercise, in the course of a search authorised by a warrant issued by virtue of this section, of powers conferred by section 50 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001. (8B) Nothing in subsection (8A) above requires any evidence to be furnished to the Secretary of State— before it has been found, on the completion of any examination required to be made by arrangements under subsection (2) of section 53 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001, to be property which falls within subsection (3) of that section (property which may be retained after examination); or at a time when it constitutes property in respect of which a person is required to ensure that arrangements such as are mentioned in section 61(1) of that Act (duty to secure) are in force.” In section 8 of the Criminal Justice (International Co-operation) Act 1990 (which makes similar provision for Scotland) after subsection (6) there shall be added— “(7) Subject to subsection (8) below, the reference in subsection (2) above to evidence seized by a constable by virtue of this section shall be taken to include a reference to evidence seized by a constable by virtue of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) SCHEDULE 3 Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or 139 before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes exercise, in the course of a search authorised by a warrant issued by virtue of this section, of powers conferred by section 50 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001. (8) Nothing in subsection (7) above requires any evidence to be furnished to the Lord Advocate— before it has been found, on the completion of any examination required to be made by arrangements under subsection (2) of section 53 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001, to be property which falls within subsection (3) of that section (property which may be retained after examination); or at a time when it constitutes property in respect of which a person is required to ensure that arrangements such as are mentioned in section 61(1) of that Act (duty to secure) are in force.” Section 426 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (c. 8) (consequential and supplementary provision) shall have effect as if the provisions referred to in subsection (2)(b) of that section included the provisions of this Part of