needed to arrest you. • At the police station, the police must tell you why they believe you need to be detained. • Before you are asked any questions about any offence, the police must give you and your solicitor enough information about what the police think you have done so you can defend yourself but not at a time which would harm the police investigation. • This applies to any other offences the police think you have committed. 7. Seeing records and documents about your arrest and detention • When you are detained at a police station, the police must: ~ Record in your custody record, the reason and need for your arrest and why they believe you need to be detained. ~ Let you and your solicitor look at these records. The police custody officer will arrange this. • This applies to any other offences the police think you have committed. • The police must allow you or your solicitor access to documents and materials essential to effectively challenging the lawfulness of your arrest and detention. • 8. Getting an interpreter and translations of certain documents to help you • If you do not speak or understand English, the police will arrange for someone who speaks your language to help you. This is free. • If you are deaf or have difficulty speaking, the police will arrange for a British Sign Language English interpreter to help you. This is free. • If you do not speak or understand English, the police will get the interpreter to tell you why they are detaining you. This must be done each time a decision is made to keep you in custody. • After each decision to keep you in custody and after you have been charged with any offence, the police must also give you a record in your own language of why you are being detained and of any offence you have been charged with, unless there are special reasons not to. These are: ~ If you decide you donÕt need the record to defend yourself because you fully understand what is happening and the consequences of not having the record and you have had an opportunity to ask a solicitor for help to decide. You must also give your consent in writing. ~ If having an oral translation or summary through an interpreter instead of a written translation would be enough for you to defend yourself and to fully understand what is happening. The custody officer must also authorise this. • When the police ask you questions and donÕt make an audio recording, the interpreter will make a record of the questions and your answers in your own language. You will be able to check this before you sign it as an accurate record. • If you want to make a statement to the police, the interpreter will make a copy of that statement in your own language for you to check and sign as correct. • You are