a colleagueÕs pattern of behaviour that leads them to suspect drug misuse. In this case it is their responsibility to draw the matter to the attention of the individualÕs manager. Colleagues MUST NOT, Ôcover upÕ or ignore a fellow member of staff whose work or behaviour is suffering as a result of an alcohol or drug related problem. 4. Programme of Treatment 4.1 When an individual agrees to undergo the programme of treatment recommended by their General Practitioner or by a specialist agency, the Occupational Health Unit will advise whether or not the individual is fit to work during the treatment period. If they are fit it may be necessary to alter the individualÕs duties on a temporary basis and, once again, the Occupational Health Unit will advise the manager on appropriate adjustments. It will be the managerÕs responsibility to determine whether or not such adjustments are feasible and can be accommodated within the department. If so, the manager must meet with the individual and outline his / her expectations with regard to work performance and / or behaviour. 4.2 When an individual does not complete a programme of treatment successfully or defaults on a Ôcontract,Õ either because the treatment agency discontinues the programme due to lack of individual progress, or because the individual him / herself discontinues, the Occupational Health Unit will, accordingly, advise the manager who will then interview the individual and determine what further action should be taken. Table of Contents APPENDIX B Illegal Drug Misuse Ð Decision Making Guidance 1. Trigger for referral 1.1 If an individual presents themselves and seeks help from the Occupational Health Unit, then support may be more appropriate than if the illegal substance misuse is revealed through the individual's action or by a third party. Between these two examples lie a spectrum of referral routes and each case should be judged accordingly. 2. Nature of Misuse 2.1 The early disclosure of a problem may be more easily and supportively addressed than a history of acute misuse of addictive drugs or a history of repeated lapses into substance misuse. 3. Honesty and Openness 3.1 The user often hides their substance misuse. Where a staff member is dishonest about their use of an illegal substance, then a misconduct investigation will normally follow. 4. Attendant Circumstances 4.1 Anyone involved in drug misuse with others cannot be treated as a special case. For example, buying drugs from a dealer may be aiding and abetting a serious criminal offence. Similarly, using drugs in the company of others who may be liable to prosecution is a factor, which needs to be considered in dealing with a member of staff. 4.2 Even though cases of substance misuse might initially be dealt with sympathetically and in confidence, in an organisation with the security and law enforcement roles of the OPCC and Police Service, it is not possible to ignore any previous substance misuse when assessing suitability for posts in the future. Individuals will have to accept that such history