pursuance of a request under section 158 of that Act) Ñ (a) after Ground 4 there is insertedÑ (a) 78 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 4A ÒGround 4A (1) This ground is that either of the following conditions is met. (2) The first condition is thatÑ (a) proceedings have begun for possession of a dwelling-house let on an existing tenancy which is a secure tenancy, and (b) possession is sought under section 84A of the Housing Act 1985 (absolute ground for possession for anti-social behaviour). (3) The second condition is thatÑ (a) a notice has been served on a relevant tenant under section 83ZA of that Act (notice requirements in relation to proceedings for possession on absolute ground for anti-social behaviour), and (b) the notice is still in force.Ó; (b) after Ground 5 there is insertedÑ 5A ÒGround 5A (1) This ground is that either of the following conditions is met. (2) The first condition is thatÑ (a) proceedings have begun for possession of a dwelling-house let on an existing tenancy which is an assured tenancy, and (b) possession is sought on ground 7A in Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Housing Act 1988 (absolute ground for possession for anti-social behaviour). (3) The second condition is thatÑ (a) a notice has been served on a relevant tenant under section 8 of that Act (notice of proceedings for possession), and (b) the notice specifies ground 7A and is still in force.Ó Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 79 PART 6 Ð Local involvement and accountability CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 6 LOCAL INVOLVEMENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY Community remedies 101 The community remedy document (1) Each local policing body must prepare a community remedy document for its area, and may revise it at any time. (2) A community remedy document is a list of actions any of which