and seek the complainant's views on how the complaint should be handled]. [F650(6A) A local policing body or chief officer that is subject to the duty in sub-paragraph (6) in relation to a complaint must record the complaint if— at any time the complainant indicates a wish for the complaint to be recorded, or the local policing body or chief officer determines that the complaint is to be handled in accordance with this Schedule. (6B) The local policing body or chief officer must determine that a complaint is to be handled in accordance with this Schedule if— 170 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the complaint is one alleging that the conduct or other matter complained of has resulted in death or serious injury, the complaint is one alleging that there has been conduct by a person serving with the police which (if proved) might constitute the commission of a criminal offence or justify the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, the conduct or other matter complained of (if proved) might have involved the infringement of a person's rights under Article 2 or 3 of the Convention (within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 1998), or the complaint is of a description specified for the purposes of paragraph 4(1) (b) in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (6C) Where a local policing body or chief officer determines (for the purposes of sub- paragraph (6A)) that a complaint is to be handled otherwise than in accordance with this Schedule, the local policing body or chief officer must handle the complaint in such other manner as the local policing body or chief officer considers appropriate with a view to resolving the complaint to the complainant's satisfaction. (The duty in this sub-paragraph ceases to apply if the complaint is recorded in accordance with sub-paragraph (6A)(a).) (6D) Where a local policing body or chief officer records a complaint under sub- paragraph (6A), or determines that a complaint is to be handled otherwise than in accordance with this Schedule, the local policing body or chief officer must notify the complainant of the recording of the complaint or (as the case may be) of the determination.] [F651(7) Nothing in this paragraph shall require the taking of any action in relation to a complaint if the complaint has been withdrawn.] F652(8) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .