prosecutor may be able to apply for a witness summons to secure their attendance. Hostile witnesses These are people believed to have witnessed an offence, part of an offence or events closely connected with it, but who are opposed to the investigative process and/or biased against the examining party. The reasons for their opposition might include their lifestyle or they may have a close relationship with the alleged perpetrator and intend to appear in court as a defence witness. Some of these witnesses may simply refuse to cooperate with the police, others might provide false information intended to support the alleged perpetratorÕs account. Records must be kept of all interactions with hostile witnesses, regardless of the reason for their hostility and the extent of their cooperation. Where hostile witnesses consent to an interview, it should be video-recorded, unless they object to this. Witness refusal to make a statement Investigators should bring to the attention of the CPS details of any witnesses who have been interviewed but have refused to make a statement. The investigator should outline the details of the material the witness has provided and copies of any notes made or statements compiled which the witness has refused to sign. The investigator should also provide the CPS with all the information provided by the witness which may account for their refusal to provide a statement. This may become crucial if the witness is later called as a defence witness. Information to victims/witnesses Investigators must support witnesses by providing them with relevant information about the progress of the investigation and of any key decisions or significant developments throughout the investigation. Victims must be provided with information within specific timescales set out under the VictimÕs Code. Witnesses must always be provided with the following details: the name of the investigating officer contact details for the investigating officer crime or incident reference number The Victims Code of Practice specifies that victims must be provided with information and where applicable explanations at each of the following key decision points within five working days (one working day under enhanced rights): suspect arrested suspect interviewed under caution suspect released without charge suspect released on police bail or under investigation bail conditions changed or cancelled suspect charged decision not to investigate decision not to prosecute decision to administer an out of court disposal Victim and witness support Investigators must recognise the impact that being a witness to a crime or event can have on an individual. They may feel shocked, traumatised, vulnerable or intimidated by the experience. Invariably, all witnesses will require a degree of help from sources of support during any investigation. Adopting a calm, reassuring approach and providing information about organisations that give support can assist in alleviating the witnessÕs anxiety and fears. As the case progresses, the witness may receive additional help and support from the Witness Service (which includes Victim Support). This is run by volunteers and offers: information on what takes place at court emotional support and confidential advice a familiarisation