measures? Vulnerable or intimidated victims and witnesses can ask for special measures to be used during the trial to help them give their best evidence in court and help to relieve some of the stress associated with giving evidence. If eligible, a court will decide whether special measures should be granted. Common special measures include: having a screen/curtain around the witness box or giving evidence by live video-link, either from a separate room within the court or a dedicate live-link site outside the court building, so you do not have to face the defendant and court observers. Other special measures include: ? giving evidence in private with no press or public allowed in the court room; ? removing of wigs and gowns worn by the judge, and the defence and prosecution advocates in the Crown Court; ? the use of communication aids or having the help of an intermediary to understand questions; or ? providing evidence or being cross-examined through pre-recorded video, which means the witness does not need to give evidence at the trial (witnesses are not able to change their minds from pre-recorded to attending trial to give evidence). 4.12 The judge or magistrate will decide whether special measures should be granted following a request from the prosecutor. The Witness Care Unit will tell you the judgeÕs or magistratesÕ decision (see Right 8) and Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service court staff will ensure that any special measures granted are available for you at court. 26 The Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 introduced a range of measures that can be used to facilitate the gathering and giving of evidence by vulnerable and intimidated witnesses. The measures are collectively known as Ôspecial measuresÕ. Special measures help to relieve some of the stress associated with giving evidence and apply to prosecution and defence witnesses, but not the defendant. 1 Right 5: To be provided with information about compensation Court ordered compensation 5.1 If the defendant pleads or is found guilty, the judge or magistrate may order them to pay you compensation for any loss, damage or injury caused as a result of the crime. You have the Right to be told by the police how to seek compensation and you may be asked to provide evidence of any loss or damage, for example receipts or quotes for repairing the damage caused during the crime. Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme 5.2 If you have suffered a serious physical or mental injury as a direct result of a violent crime, you may be entitled to compensation through the Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme (the Scheme).27 The Scheme is for those injured in England,Wales and Scotland. You have the Right to be told by the police how to apply for compensation through the Scheme28 (see Right 3). 5.3 The Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority is responsible for administering the Scheme. 5.4 Do not delay your application. You must apply as soon as reasonably practical. This should normally be within two years of the date