turnover means that contact details will need constant updating; o the responsibilities of the Category 1 responder - where a Category 1 responder takes on new functions or delivers new services, this should be reflected; o organisational structures - where responders have experienced restructuring this may need to be reflected in plans; o suppliers or contractors - ensuring that the details of suppliers and contractors are kept up to date; o risk assessments - the Act requires Category 1 responders to review plans in the light of changes to risk assessments; 13 and o business objectives/processes. 12 s.2(1)(c) 13 s.2(1)(e) 6.28. The frequency of plan review will depend on the rate of change within the organisation and the environment it operates within. Plan maintenance should take place on an ongoing basis, but all business continuity plans should be comprehensively reviewed at appropriate intervals. Publication of BCPs 6.29. Communication with customers or service users - who may need information about service continuity in the event of an emergency - is important to community resilience. Emergencies cause serious disruption to peopleÕs lives and increase reliance on public sector bodies - provision of information about what they can and cannot expect from Category 1 responders in the event of an emergency, may help to minimise this disruption. 6.30. The Act requires the publication of aspects of BCM plans in so far as this is necessary or desirable for the purposes of preventing, controlling or mitigating the effects of an emergency or otherwise responding to the emergency.14 6.31. Category 1 responders need only publish information where there is a positive benefit in doing so. For example, a Category 1 responder need not publish internal management information which would be of little relevance or interest to the public. Furthermore, the Regulations prohibit the publication of sensitive information (e.g. commercially confidential information, personal data) where consent has not been received from the originator of the information, or where the public interest in disclosure fails to outweigh the interests of the organisation or individual concerned. 14 s.2(1)(f) Box 6.0: Further advice and information How the Act and Regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland 6.32. The Act and the Regulations apply in Scotland to bodies outside devolved competence in the same way as they apply in England. 6.33. The Regulations made by the Scottish Ministers make provision as to how Category 1 responders in Scotland that fall within devolved competence, should exercise their duty under the Act to maintain business continuity plans. Wales 6.34. The Act and the Regulations apply in Wales in the same way as they apply in England. Northern Ireland 6.35. The Act and the Regulations apply to Category 1 responders exercising functions in Northern Ireland in the same way as they apply in England, but see information in Chapter 12 in relation to the Police Service of Northern Ireland. 6.1. 6.36. This section provides practical guidance on taking forward a BCM programme within a Category 1 responder organisation. It describes the discipline