This paragraph applies if a police and crime panel is notified under paragraph 9 of a proposed senior appointment. (2) The panel must review the proposed senior appointment. (3) The panel must make a report to the commissioner on the proposed senior appointment. (4) The report must include a recommendation to the police and crime commissioner as to whether or not the candidate should be appointed. (5) The panel must comply with sub-paragraphs (2) to (4), within the period of three weeks beginning with the day on which the panel receives the notification from the commissioner of the proposed senior appointment. (6) The panel must publish the report to the commissioner made under this paragraph. (7) It is for the panel to determine the manner in which the recommendation is to be published in accordance with sub-paragraph (6). (8) In calculating the period of three weeks for the purpose of sub-paragraph (5), any relevant post-election period is to be ignored. (9) For that purpose, Òrelevant post-election periodÓ means the period thatÑ (a) begins with the day of the poll at an ordinary election of a police and crime commissioner under section 50, and (b) ends with the day on which the person elected as police and crime commissioner delivers a declaration of acceptance of office under section 70. 11 (1) A police and crime panel must hold a confirmation hearing before making a report and recommendation under paragraph 10 to the police and crime commissioner in relation to a proposed senior appointment. (2) For the purposes of this Schedule a Òconfirmation hearingÓ is a meeting of the panel, held in public, at which the candidate is requested to appear for the purpose of answering questions relating to the appointment. (3) References in this Schedule to a person appearing at a meeting of the panel are references to the personÑ (a) attending the meeting in person, or (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 157 (b) not attending the meeting in person, but participating in the proceedings at the meeting by any means that enable the person to hear, and be heard in, those proceedings as they happen. 12 (1) The police and crime commissioner may accept or reject the panel's recommendation under paragraph 10 as to whether or not the candidate should be appointed. (2) The police and crime commissioner must notify the panel of the decision whether to accept or reject the recommendation. Remuneration etc of staff 13 (1) A police and crime commissioner may pay remuneration, allowances and gratuities to the members of the commissioner's staff. (2) A police and crime commissioner may payÑ (a) pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the commissioner's