should consult locally on their policies when they appraise them. Enforcement authorities should maintain regular dialogue and joint activity where appropriate with on-street contractors. The appraisal should take account of: a. existing and predicted levels of offending b. availability of relevant infrastructure, such as bins c. adequacy, accuracy and quality of signage and other communications d. level of enforcement necessary for compliance e. levels of penalties f. payment and prosecution rates g. the need to resource the operation effectively and ensure that staff are appropriately trained, and h. impact on the accumulation rates of litter 11Q.9 Enforcement authorities should judge the performance of contractors and staff according to how far desired objectives have been achieved. Outcome indicators might include compliance statistics, the number of appeals, and the localised impact that enforcement appears to have had on relevant offending and the accumulation rate of litter. Performance management of enforcement staff, including rewards or penalties, should never be based on the volume of penalties issued, nor on a fixed amount of revenue to be raised. Enforcement authorities should have a Service Level Agreement for enforcement operations Òin houseÓ, incorporating the specification terms and conditions required by the client department, just as for a contract with an external service provider. Any such Service Level Agreement should reflect these principles. 11Q.10 Where external contractors are used, private firms should not be able to receive greater revenue or profits just from increasing the volume of penalties, since this creates a contrary incentive to the overall aim of reducing the number of offences committed. © Crown copyright 2024 This information is licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0. To view this licence, visit www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/ This publication is available at www.gov.uk/government/publications Any enquiries regarding this publication should be sent to us at: defra.helpline@defra.gov.uk Home Office Karen Bradley MP Minister for Modern Slavery and Organised Crime 2 Marsham Street, London SW1P 4DF www.homeoffice.gov.uk 1 Katy Clark MP and Philip Davies MP Co-Chairs Public Bill Committee Serious Crime Bill House of Commons London SW1A0AA 8 January 2015 Dear Katy and Philip, Serious Crime Bill: Commons Committee stage-Government amendments I am writing to let the members of the Public Bill Committee have details of the Government amendments to the Bill which I have tabled today. Proceeds of crime - giving statutory effect to the Supreme Court's judgment in the case of Waya (amendments to clause 77 and Schedule 4) In our response to the report on the Bill by the Joint Committee on Human Rights (JCHR), we undertook to consider further the Committee's recommendation that the Supreme Court's judgment in the case of Waya should be given statutory effect. In Waya the Court ruled that the duty on the Crown Court to make a confiscation order for the recoverable amount (that is, a sum of money equal to the defendant's benefit from the relevant criminal conduct allowing for the change in the value of money) should be qualified so that it did not apply where such an order would be