than the purpose intended, all other Hi-Vis garments meet Class 3 which is the standard required to be worn on the carriageway with a speed of 40 miles an hour or above. When the high visibility garment is worn it is required to be fastened up when in public view. For Hi-Vis Jackets, from a safety perspective and for ease of identification, officer and special constabulary members will ensure that the visibility of the reflective strip and the Police insignia are clear and not significantly damaged so as to put their identify in any doubt. When engaged on operational duties in the hours of darkness, and Night Time Economy (NTE), the wearing of a Hi-Vis Jacket with long sleeves is mandatory. The wearing of long sleeved Hi-Vis Class 3 clothing is mandatory when dealing with incidents on a carriageway with a speed of 40 miles an hour or above. Tunics Tunics are not personal issue for ranks lower than Inspectors. Officers of the rank of Inspector and above may request a personal issue Tunic should their role require this. Tunics are available on a loan basis for all officers and PCSOs from the Supplies Department for temporary use at Presentations, Coroners Court and Award Ceremonies. Lanyards, Warrant/ID Cards and Name Badges Warrant and ID cards should contain an image reflective of the current appearance of the individual and should be updated upon significant changes to appearance. Warrant cards should be carried at all times by police officers, both on and off duty regardless of whether the role is uniformed or not and ID cards should be carried by police staff whilst at work. Only lanyards issued by Wiltshire Police shall be worn. Name badges are no longer issued by Wiltshire Police and retrospective name badges are not required to be worn. Medals and Medal Ribbons Medals, commendation with star and ribbon broach bars, should be worn on tunics only. Officers may only wear medals, orders or decorations if authorised by the Sovereign or the Chief Constable. Medal ribbons should be positioned just above the left breast pocket flap of the tunic, centred over the pocket button, and should be worn in the order of importance from right to left e.g. the QueenÕs Jubilee medal first, followed by the Police Long Service, Good Conduct Medal etc. Trousers and Skirts Only Force issue trousers and skirts are permitted to be worn whilst on duty. Diversity alternations to the standard issue will be accommodated where possible subject to consultation with the Clothing Coordinator. Utility Belts Force issued Utility Belts are available upon request as an alternative to the Utility Vest. Should this be the choice option, only Force issue Utility Belts shall be worn. Socks and Hosiery also known as Tights Socks and hosiery worn with uniform will be plain black or dark blue. Socks and hosiery worn with by non uniform officers and staff will be on a conservative nature which match or compliment the clothing choice. Footwear Wiltshire Police issue footwear