for Missing Detective Inspector of the Sentinel Team Missing Detective Inspector A Detective Inspector will carry out reviews of missing persons as per the review timetable. The purpose of each review will be to quality assure the investigation, review the level of risk, ensure outstanding actions are being completed and provide investigative advice. The reviews will be carried out by the duty Missing DI, this is not an on-call facility, any DI support outside of standard working hours, including weekends will be provided by the on call SIO. All high-risk missing person investigations will have SIO oversight, this will normally be the Duty Missing DI unless determined by the Duty Superintendent within the DMM process. Missing Person Operation Support (MPOS) The MPOS will engage with partner agencies, care providers and frequently missing children to reduce instances of missing and safeguard individuals from harm. Missing Person Coordinator The missing person coordinator role will ensure that all missing cases have received an effective response and work with partners to coordinate the sharing of information. The coordinators are not investigators; however, they do support investigations by sharing knowledge and strategic awareness. The missing person coordinators also assist with improving the forces response to missing people by working with partners and implementing strategic initiatives to improve outcomes and increase awareness. Any reports of a crime in action, kidnap and extortion, child abduction, or immediate child protection issue WILL NOT fall under this procedure. Such cases must be considered a crime in action and Child Protection procedures will apply and supersede this process. POLICY AIM This policy provides information and advice for officers and staff responding to reports of persons who are reported missing. The policy has been designed in consultation with the APP. The National Decision Model (NDM) and the Risk Principles must be considered when making decisions when dealing with missing persons, and rationales must be recorded appropriately. GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning APP Authorised Professional Practice NDM National Decision Model RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Missing Persons Procedure Management of Missing Persons and AWOL Protocol Modern Slavery Policy and Procedure Pan Wiltshire Missing From Home and Care Protocol Collection of Missing Persons Data AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Missing Persons NDM Child Protection Child Sexual Exploitation DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection App 2018, General Data Protection Regulations, and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW This procedure will be monitored by the Detective Inspector responsible for the Missing Portfolio and will be reviewed every two years. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of PPD and the Detective Inspector responsible for the Missing Portfolio are responsible for this procedure. All queries relating to this procedure should be directed to them. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Public Protection Department Policy Owner/Author: Supt Ben MANT