details) View outstanding changes issues a three-year strategy plan that differs in any material respect from the draft submitted to it by the chief officer of police of the force maintained by that authority, or modifies its three-year strategy plan, it shall consult with that chief officer. Any best value performance plan prepared by a police authority under section 6 of the Local Government Act 1999 (c. 27) for any financial year must be consistent with any three-year strategy plan which sets out the authority’s current strategies for policing its area during any period which includes the whole or any part of that financial year. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for— the procedure to be followed on the submission to him of any plan or modifications for the purposes of this section; and the periods which are to constitute relevant three-year periods for the purposes of this section; and those regulations may provide for a period of less than three years to be the first period treated as a relevant three-year period for the purposes of this section. A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” In section 8 of that Act (local policing plans), after subsection (2) there shall be inserted— “(2A) The local policing plan for any financial year must be consistent with any three-year strategy plan under section 6A which sets out the authority’s current strategies for the policing of its area during any period which includes the whole or any part of that financial year.” In section 9(2) of that Act (annual report by police authorities to include assessment of extent to which local policing plan carried out), for the words from “the local policing plan” onwards there shall be substituted “, during that year proposals have been implemented, and things have been done, in accordance with the following plans — the three-year strategy plan issued under section 6A for the period that includes that year; and the local policing plan issued for that year under section 8.” Quorum for the Service Authorities under the 1997 Act F530. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 139 Expenses of members of police authorities etc. F531. . . . . . . . . .