68 of the 2021 Act will amend the definition of “personally connected” in section 76 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. It will remove the “living together” requirement. This means that the offence will apply to partners, ex-partners, or family members, regardless of whether the victim and perpetrator live together. It will therefore apply in contexts where controlling or coercive behaviour by an intimate partner takes place post-separation or is perpetrated by a family member who does not live with the victim.33 Controlling or coercive behaviour also forms part of the definition of domestic abuse at section 1(3)(c) of the 2021 Act. The following examples are within the range of behaviours that might be considered controlling or coercive behaviour. This list is not exhaustive: Controlling or monitoring the victim's daily activities and behaviour, including making them account for their time, dictating what they can wear, what and when they can eat, when and where they may sleep; Controlling a victim’s access to finances, including monitoring their accounts or coercing them into sharing their passwords to bank accounts in order to facilitate economic abuse; 32 See The Halo Project. “Definition of Honour Based Violence”.; SafeLives. Spotlight Report #Hidden Victims: Your choice: ‘honour’- based violence, forced marriage and domestic abuse: 2017. 33 This amendment to the controlling or coercive behaviour offence is planned to come into force later in 2022 and the relevant guidance and training material for frontline agencies will be updated. Statutory guidance issued by the Government under section 77 of the 2015 Act, outlining what constitutes controlling or coercive behaviour, will also be updated. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Isolating the victim from family, friends and professionals who may be trying to support them, intercepting messages or phone calls; Refusing to interpret and/or hindering access to communication; Preventing the victim from taking medication, or accessing medical equipment and assistive aids, over-medicating them, or preventing the victim from accessing health or social care (especially relevant for disabled victims or those with long-term health conditions); Using substances to control a victim through dependency, or controlling their access to substances; Using children to control the victim, e.g. threatening to take the children away; Using animals to control or coerce a victim, e.g. harming or threatening to harm, or give away, pets or assistance dogs; Threats to expose sensitive information (e.g. sexual activity or sexual orientation) or make false allegations to family members, religious or local community including via photos or the internet; Intimidation and threats of disclosure of sexual orientation and/or gender identity to family, friends, work colleagues, community and others; Intimidation and threats of disclosure of health status or an impairment to family, friends, work colleagues and wider community – particularly where this may carry a stigma in the community; Preventing the victim from learning a language or making friends outside of their ethnic or cultural background; Threatening precarious immigration status against the victim, withholding documents, giving false information to a victim about their visa or visa application, e.g. using