criminal proceedings, ensure the impact of one set of proceedings is considered in relation to the other, and so that the CPS may advise on any disclosure issues in relation to both proceedings and on the consequences of adducing evidence. Applicants are also required to consult any other body or individual that they think it appropriate to consult. The consultation may include: • YOTs, where the respondent has recently turned 18 and has had previous involvement with these services; • probation services; • local childrenÕs services • the head teacher/principal of the respondentÕs school/college; • voluntary or other support services working with the respondent and/or their family or partner; and • the respondentÕs housing provider/ association. Once an injunction has been granted, the police and local authority will need to work closely with one another and with any other relevant local partners to ensure the injunction can be managed and enforced effectively. 15 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 6.2. Consultation requirement and Ôwithout noticeÕ applications The consultation requirement in the 2009 Act does not apply in the initial stages of a Ôwithout noticeÕ application. However, if the court decides to adjourn the hearing, the applicant will need to meet the consultation requirement before the date of the first full hearing. In any event, applicants should try to ensure that consultation takes place before a Ôwithout noticeÕ application. If this is not possible, applications must ensure they have complied with the full consultation requirements by the date of the first hearing. 6.3. Managing the consultation process It is good practice for applicants to use the consultation process to: • confirm whether the respondentÕs behaviour falls within the 2009 ActÕs definition of gang- related violence and gang-related drug dealing, and any agreed local understanding of gang- related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing; • establish whether a gang injunction is the most appropriate measure to prevent the individualÕs involvement in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing; • identify the most appropriate injunction prohibitions and requirements to prevent the individualÕs involvement in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing; • identify services for the delivery/ monitoring/ assessment of the requirements and conditions • carry out a risk assessment to identify and mitigate the potential negative impacts of a gang injunction on the safety of the respondent, their family, partner(s), and associates; • consider the needs of victims and witnesses and make appropriate provision for these; and • gather evidence in support of a gang injunction. Applicants will need to satisfy the court that any proposed prohibitions and requirements are effective, proportionate and enforceable. For example, if the applicant is a local authority, the court will want to hear whether the local police force, or potentially the YOT in the case of a 14 to 17 year old, has agreed to enforce compliance, including by informing the applicant of any suspected breach. 6.3.1. Risk assessment The aim of a gang injunction is to prevent an individual from engaging in, encouraging