proactively scrutinise landlord compliance or routinely monitor performance Ð it only acts when issues are bought to its attention. This risks serious systemic failures against consumer standards being uncovered at a late stage. 53. At present the regulator can only use its powers to tackle a breach of a consumer standard when it has reasonable grounds to suspect that: • the failure has resulted in a serious detriment to the landlordÕs tenants (or potential tenants); • there is a significant risk that, if no action is taken by the regulator, the failure will result in a serious detriment to the landlordÕs tenants (or potential tenants); • if a failure occurs, the failure will result in a serious detriment to the landlordÕs tenants (or potential tenants); or • if a failure occurs, there will be a significant risk that, if no action is taken by the regulator, the failure will result in a serious detriment to the landlordÕs tenants (or potential tenants). • This is referred to as the Ôserious detriment testÕ.18 The regulator interprets serious detriment as being where there is a risk of, or actual, serious harm to tenants. 54. In contrast, for economic regulation the regulator takes a proactive, proportionate and risk-based approach to regulating its economic standards. It actively monitors all landlords by regularly collecting financial data and it carries out periodic in-depth assessments based on the relative risk profile of landlords. 55. Through consultation following the social housing Green Paper and the Call for Evidence we heard strong support for a more proactive approach to consumer regulation to achieve parity with economic regulation. We agree that the social housing sector would benefit from a more balanced approach which ensures that there is a similar level of regulatory oversight of both the consumer and economic standards. Introducing routine inspections of landlords can and will play an important role in delivering this more balanced approach. This will give tenants confidence that their landlord is being properly scrutinised, and will ensure that tenants know that protecting their interests is at the heart of the regulatory system. 56. We will work with the Regulator of Social Housing to introduce a proactive, proportionate, outcome focused and risk- based approach to consumer regulation. To achieve this, we will: • Legislate to remove the Ôserious detriment testÕ as soon as parliamentary time allows, to eliminate barriers to the Regulator of Social Housing adopting a proactive approach to monitoring and oversight of landlord performance on consumer issues. 17 https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/review-of-social-housing-regulation--2 18 Sections 198A (2) and (5) of the Housing and Regeneration Act 2008 https://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2008/17/section/198A 36 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper • Work with the Regulator of Social Housing to strengthen its oversight by introducing a system of routine inspections to obtain assurance from landlords that they are complying with the consumer standards. This will be based on a risk profile to ensure that those landlords at greatest risk of failing, or where failure might have the greatest impact on