partner (USW) to begin the process of making a collaborative assessment judgement on their overall competence in role. 6.8.12 Under the PEQF PCDA programme SOÕs are expected to achieve competence at specific gateways. These include IPS by end of year 1, FOC by end of year 2 before entering the EPA and achievement of academic levels at the end of year 1, 2 and 3. If any of these gateways are not met (for performance, academic or unacceptable behaviour) then consideration must be given to following the reg. 13 process. Back-coursing will only be 1.1.1 acceptable in extenuating circumstances. Strict timelines will need to be adhered to when creating development plans for PCDA students in close consultation with the contracted HEI partner to ensure gateways are adhered to. HR, Finance and the Apprenticeship Consultant will need to be consulted with for all PCDA students who do not pass their gateways, as per ESFA funding rules. 6.9 Posting of Student Officers Student Officers are allocated to the relevant CPT during the IPL training phase according to organisational need. Posting may change dependant on organisational need but will comply with force policy. 6.10 Student Officer Attachments During their probation, Student Officers may undertake several attachments to internal specialised departments. Each attachment will be subject of a risk assessment and an agreed exit strategy will be in place if appropriate. Each placement will meet agreed learning outcomes. 6.11 Maintaining Standards 6.11.1 Student Officers are required to study to prepare for their duties and training courses. All officers must demonstrate a good knowledge of the law, Police powers and procedures. 6.11.2 The employing Force and the contracted HEI partner (USW) will be intrinsic to any decision making where academic or professional concerns are raised by either party. See attached Plagiarism Policy of USW. 6.12 Breaches of the Standards of Professional Behaviour 6.12.1 Standards of Professional Behaviour are subject to and regulated by Police Conduct Regulations 2020, the Home Office Guidance Ð Conduct, Efficiency and Effectiveness Procedures and are underpinned and informed by the Code of Ethics: 6.13 Standards of Professional Behaviour Honesty and Integrity Police officers are honest, act with integrity and do not compromise or abuse their position. Authority, Respect and Courtesy Police officers act with self-control and tolerance, treating members of the public and colleagues with respect and courtesy. Police officers do not abuse their powers or authority and respect the rights of all individuals. Equality and Diversity Police officers act with fairness and impartiality. They do not discriminate unlawfully or unfairly. Use of Force Police officers only use force to the extent that it is necessary, proportionate and reasonable in all the circumstances. Orders and Instructions Police Officers only give and carry out lawful orders and instructions. Police Officers abide by Police Regulations, Force policies and lawful orders. Duties and Responsibilities Police Officers are diligent in the exercise of their duties and responsibilities. Confidentiality Police Officers treat information with respect and access or disclose it only in the proper course of