on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 64B Reports by the Police Remuneration Review Body (1) The Police Remuneration Review Body shall consider and report on any matter referred to it by the Secretary of State that relates toÑ (a) hours of duty, (b) leave, (c) pay and allowances, or (d) the issue, use and return of police clothing, personal equipment and accoutrements, as regards members of police forces of or below the rank of chief superintendent or police cadets appointed under section 28. (2) A report under subsection (1) shall be submitted toÑ (a) the Secretary of State, and (b) the Prime Minister, and the Secretary of State shall arrange for it to be published. (3) The Police Remuneration Review Body shall also consider and report on any matter referred to it by the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland that relates toÑ (a) hours of duty, (b) leave, (c) pay and allowances, or (d) the issue, use and return of equipment, as regards members of the Police Service of Northern Ireland of or below the rank of chief superintendent, police trainees appointed under section 39 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 2000 or police cadets appointed under section 42 of that Act. (4) A report under subsection (3) shall be submitted to the Department of Justice, and that Department shall arrange for it to be published. (5) When referring a matter to the Police Remuneration Review Body, the Secretary of State or Department of Justice may give directions to that body aboutÑ (a) the time within which it must report; (b) considerations to which it must have particular regard; (c) the evidence that it must obtain; (d) matters on which it is to make recommendations. (6) The Police Remuneration Review Body may include in a report under this section any recommendations it considers appropriate arising out of matters referred to it under this section (whether or not it is required to do so by a direction under subsection (5)). (7) A reference or direction under this section may be varied or revoked.Ó (2) After Schedule 4A to that Act there is inserted the Schedule set out in Schedule 7 to this Act. (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 111 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See