of the Representation of the People Act 1983, is a returning officer for any local elections; Òrelevant local authorityÓ, in relation to a police area, means a local authority whose area falls wholly or partly within the police area; Òrelevant provisionÓ means any provision (whenever passed or made) of, or made under, any of the followingÑ Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 51 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) the Representation of the People Acts, (b) the Local Government Act 1972, (c) the Local Government Act 2000, (d) the Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000, (e) F34... (f) the Government of Wales Act 2006, and (g) any other enactment relating to parliamentary elections F34... or local government elections. 55 Returning officers: expenditure (1) A returning officer may recover charges in respect of services rendered, or expenses incurred, by the officer for or in connection with an election of a police and crime commissioner ifÑ (a) the services were necessarily rendered, or the expenses were necessarily incurred, for the efficient and effective conduct of the election, and (b) the total of the officer's charges does not exceed the amount (Òthe overall maximum recoverable amountÓ) specified in, or determined in accordance with, an order made by the [F35Secretary of State], with the consent of the Treasury, for the purposes of this subsection. (2) An order under subsection (1) may specify, or make provision for determining in accordance with the order, a maximum recoverable amount for services or expenses of any specified description. (3) Subject to subsection (4), the returning officer may not recover more than the specified maximum recoverable amount in respect of any specified services or expenses. (1) 52 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) In a particular case the [F36Secretary of State] may authorise the payment ofÑ (a) more than the overall maximum recoverable amount, or (b) more than the specified maximum recoverable amount for any specified services or expenses, if the [F36Secretary of State] is satisfied that the conditions in subsection (5) are met. (5) Those conditions areÑ (a) that it was reasonable for the returning officer concerned to render the services or incur the expenses, and (b) that the charges in question are reasonable. (6) The amount of any charges recoverable in accordance with this section is to be paid by the [F37Secretary of State] on an