Working together across agencies helps to provide support for victims. This may include attending local domestic abuse or violence against women and girls strategic group meetings, Multi-Agency Risk Assessment Conferences (MARACs) and engaging with Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements (MAPPA). For more information on these see ‘Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) published its Quality Standard for Domestic Abuse in March 2016.162 This includes identifying and supporting people experiencing domestic abuse, as well as referring to specialist services for those perpetrating domestic abuse. It also covers children and young people (under 16) who are living with/experiencing domestic abuse. Health professionals can refer to the Pathfinder toolkit as good practice, taking an integrated healthcare response to domestic abuse, and a systematic approach to transforming the health sector’s response to domestic abuse. The toolkit combines all elements of evidence-based good practice, this includes: partnership working across health and specialist services; specialist interventions such as the IRIS programme in general practices; Domestic Abuse Coordinators and IDVAs in acute and mental health settings; sustainable specialist training, policies and procedures; and accurate data collection and information sharing. The model works across acute, mental health and general practice settings, so that all victims have access to the support they need and further harm can be prevented. Early qualitative findings from the independent evaluation of Pathfinder163 underscored the value of the whole-health model in creating the opportunities and pathways needed so that victims could find safety. A whole-health model response to domestic abuse goes beyond training and stand- alone interventions. It requires a change in the culture of health services and partnership working with specialist domestic abuse services. Key to implementing these changes is monitoring and accountability. A coordinated and systemic approach lies at the heart of this work and is critical in ensuring sustainability and a safer and more effective response to domestic abuse. The Inter-Collegiate and Agency Domestic Violence Abuse (INCADVA) forum is a policy forum which brings together the expertise and knowledge of national health and social care bodies, medical royal colleges and the domestic abuse sector. INCADVA 162 NICE also covers Wales,however, in this context NICE is interacting with a devolved health service that is under differing legislative duties, and this needs to be considered by professionals. 163 Pathfinder was a 3-year fixed-term pilot project that brought together expertise and funding for specialist domestic abuse interventions to embed a ‘Whole Health’ approach to domestic abuse in 8 sites across England. The project ended in March 2020 and was led by Standing Together in partnership with four expert partners Against Violence and Abuse (AVA), Imkaan, IRISi and SafeLives. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance have recommended a list of actions to highlight the vital role of the healthcare system in responding to domestic abuse, including: Implementing the IRIS164 (Identification and Referral to Improve Safety) Programme. IRIS is an evidence-based intervention to improve the general practice response to domestic abuse through training, support to practice