a consequence mentioned in paragraph (b) or is reckless as to whether it will have such a consequence. (2) In subsection (1)(b)(i) Òserious harmÓ meansÑ (a) death, personal injury or disease, (b) loss of, or damage to, property, or (c) serious distress, serious annoyance, serious inconvenience or serious loss of amenity. (3) It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under subsection (1) to prove that they had a reasonable excuse for the act or omission mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection. (4) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (1) is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F6the general limit in a magistratesÕ court], to a fine or to both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 10 years, to a fine or to both. (a) 86 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) In relation to an offence committed before the coming into force of paragraph 24(2) of Schedule 22 to the Sentencing Act 2020 (increase in magistratesÕ court power to impose imprisonment) the reference in subsection (4)(a) to [F7the general limit in a magistratesÕ court] is to be read as a reference to 6 months. (6) The common law offence of public nuisance is abolished. (7) Subsections (1) to (6) do not apply in relation toÑ (a) any act or omission which occurred before the coming into force of those subsections, or (b) any act or omission which began before the coming into force of those subsections and continues after their coming into force. (8) This section does not affectÑ (a) the liability of any person for an offence other than the common law offence of public nuisance, (b) the civil liability of any person for the tort of public nuisance, or (c) the ability to take any action under any enactment against a person for any act or omission within subsection (1). (9) In this section ÒenactmentÓ includes an enactment comprised in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978. One-person protests 79 Imposing conditions on one-person protests (1) After section 14 of the Public Order Act 1986 insertÑ Ò14ZA Imposing conditions on one-person protests (1) Subsection (2) applies if the senior police officer, having regard to the time or place at which and the circumstances in which any one-person protest in England and Wales is being carried on or is intended to be carried on, reasonably