Secretary of State must— publish any report received under subsection (5), and lay a copy before Parliament. Before acting under subsection (6) the Secretary of State must exclude from the report any matter which the Secretary of State thinks is likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. If the Secretary of State excludes any matter from the report the Secretary of State must comply with subsection (6) in relation to the whole of the report as soon as the Secretary of State thinks that the excluded matter is no longer likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. 47J Initial detention of seized property This section applies if an appropriate officer seizes property under section 47C. The property may be detained initially for a period of 48 hours. The period of 48 hours is to be calculated in accordance with section 47H(7). 47K Further detention pending making of restraint order This section applies if— property is detained under section 47J, and no restraint order is in force in respect of the property. If within the period mentioned in section 47J an application is made for a restraint order which includes provision under section 41A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against— the decision to refuse the application, or any decision made on an appeal against that decision. In subsection (2) the reference to the period mentioned in section 47J includes that period as extended by any order under section 47M. 47L Further detention pending variation of restraint order This section applies if— property is detained under section 47J, 52 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a restraint order is in force in respect of the property, and the order does not include provision under section 41A authorising the detention of the property. If within the period mentioned in section 47J an application is made for the order to be varied so as to include provision under section 41A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against— the decision to refuse the application, or