it appears to the court to be after considering any available evidence.Ó Risk of sexual harm orders 5 (1) Sections 123 to 129 (risk of sexual harm orders) are repealed. (2) This paragraph extends only to England and Wales. Application etc of orders 6 After section 136 there is insertedÑ Ò136ZA Application of orders throughout the United Kingdom (1) In this section Òrelevant orderÓ meansÑ (a) a sexual harm prevention order; (b) an interim sexual harm prevention order; (c) a sexual offences prevention order; (d) an interim sexual offences prevention order; (e) a foreign travel order; (f) a sexual risk order; (g) an interim sexual risk order; (a) 206 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (h) a risk of sexual harm order; (i) an interim risk of sexual harm order; (j) an order under section 2 of the Protection of Children and Prevention of Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2005 (risk of sexual harm orders in Scotland); (k) an order under section 5 of that Act (interim risk of sexual harm orders in Scotland). (2) For the purposes of sections 103I, 113, 122, 122H and 128, prohibitions imposed by a relevant order made in one part of the United Kingdom apply (unless expressly confined to particular localities) throughout that and every other part of the United Kingdom. 136ZB Order ceases to have effect when new order made (1) Where a court in England and Wales makes an order listed in the first column of the following Table in relation to a person who is already subject to an order listed opposite it in the second column, the earlier order ceases to have effect (whichever part of the United Kingdom it was made in) unless the court orders otherwise. New order Earlier order Sexual harm prevention order Ñ sexual offences prevention order; — foreign travel order. Sexual risk order Ñ risk of sexual harm order; — foreign travel order. (2) Where a court in Northern Ireland or Scotland makes an order listed in the first column of the following Table in relation to a person who is already subject to an order or prohibition listed opposite it in the second column, the earlier order or prohibition ceases to have effect (even though it was made or imposed by a court in England and Wales) unless the court orders otherwise. New order Earlier order or prohibition Sexual offences prevention order Ñ sexual harm prevention order not containing