security measures in their home o the victim moving home o physical or mental ill health o the victims deterioration in performance at work due to stress o the victim stopping or changing the way they socialise Table of Contents d. The Victim The investigating officer should consider all potential lines of enquiry including:- o Afraid of what the suspect might do to themselves or someone else and the degree of fear shared by the victimÕs friends, family and colleagues o Any other person who has threatened the victim or who they are afraid of o Physical or mental health affected by the stalking or harassment (e.g. whether they are feeling depressed or suicidal) o Vulnerability of the victim to stalking or harassment, such as mental ill health, disability, learning difficulties, or residence in an isolated location. (A vulnerable adult is anyone of 18 years and over who is or maybe in need of community care services by reason of mental or other disability, age or illness and who is or maybe unable to protect him or herself against significant harm or exploitation) o Whether the victim understands any risks and is capable of exercising caution and could reliably apply appropriate personal safety measures (e.g. carrying a personal alarm or securing their home) Identifying these risk factors will assist in determining a number of issues relating to risk including the likelihood of the stalking or harassment continuing, if it has stopped, if it is recurring or if there is a likelihood of it escalating to physical and/or sexual assault. This information will also help to establish whether the victim has suffered, or is likely to suffer, significant harm including psychological and/or social damage. 4.1 Multi Agency Risk Assessment Conference (MARAC) MARAC are held in Wiltshire and Swindon on a regular basis for the highest risk victims of domestic abuse and stalking or harassment. It is incumbent upon all agencies to refer victims they deem to be a high risk into this process. The method of referral will be by the completion of a risk assessment document mentioned above and with liaison with the MARAC coordinator for the relevant area. High risk PPNs will automatically be referred to MARAC. Speak to PPD for advice around MARAC. 4.2 Multi Agency Arrangements (MAPPA) and Offender Management All agencies should be alert to the possibility of any individual being engaged in a series of incidents as a perpetrator. It should be borne in mind if a person has previously resided outside Wiltshire that there may be a history of similar offending recorded elsewhere and it is compulsory on all agencies to carry out checks where this is believed to be an issue. Any individual that causes concern for these reasons should be considered jointly in a multi-agency meeting with regards to some form of offender management being put in place and a joint decision made as to who should be informed in order that victims can be safeguarded. Ultimately the most serious offenders on