Board ShipsÕ was published in 2012. For the UK, the SCEG (Security in Complex Environments Group), was appointed by the UK Government as its industry partner for regulation and accreditation, and has been working to produce standards for the UK private security industry operating overseas in hazardous environments. www.sceguk.org.uk. The United Kingdom Accreditation Service (UKAS) has accredited Certification Bodies to issue certificates to UK and other PMSCs. Further information 30.24 Further information on the issue of section 5 authorisations can be obtained from the Gov.UK website or from the Home Office at the following address: Firearms Team, Drugs and Firearms Licensing Unit, Home Office, Crime and Policing Group, 5th Floor, Fry Building, 2 Marsham Street, London, SW1P 4DF e-mail: firearms@homeoffice.gsi.gov.uk 020 7035 0030 020 7035 0273 020 7035 5343 020 7035 1778 020 7035 3123 • Shipping company selects the PMSC and draws up a draft contract/letter of intent • Shipping company submits its counter-piracy plan (CPP) to the Department for Transport, including a signed statement that the Guidance has been followed. • The Department for Transport will advise the Home Office when a satisfactory CPP is received from the shipping company. Please note that the Home Office will not proceed with the section 5 application until they receive this notification. • PMSC applies to Home Office for section 5 authority enclosing: - provisional contract/letter of intent with shipping company; - details of number and type of firearms and why these are required; - details of armed guards: full name, date and place of birth, residential addresses for the past five years, copy of passport, DBS certificate and declaration of consent to any additional police checks; - if the PMSC has obtained alternative supporting information on the guards, this information can also be included. • PMSC can apply to local police to register as a firearms dealer (RFD). • Home Money and tax Court claims, debt and bankruptcy Check if a claims company is registered Use the financial services register to check if a claims company is registered. Businesses must be authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority to legally provide claims management services. Before you start You can search by business name, trading name or authorisation number. You can also use this search to check the status of your own claims company. Complain about a claims company You can complain about a claims company if youÕre dissatisfied with their service or think theyÕre operating illegally. Related content Claims Management Regulator Get information about a company Search the bankruptcy and insolvency register Check how you can deal with your debts Explore the topic Your rights and legal sup port Court claims, debt and bankruptcy Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel