or panic latch. A notice with the words ÔFire escape Ð keep clearÕ should be permanently displayed at about eye level on the external face of all doors which are provided as a means of escape in case of fire and which, because they are not normally used, may become obstructed. Staff notices In simple premises where there are a limited number of escape routes, it may be reasonable to provide staff with verbal reminders of what they need to do if there is a fire. In some premises, you could consider providing this in a short written statement that could, for example, be delivered with staff pay slips every six months. In multi-occupied, larger and more complex premises or where there is a high turnover of staff, a more considered approach for staff notices and instructions will be necessary. As well as positioning the fire instructions notice on escape routes adjacent to fire break-glass call points (Figure 60), put them where staff frequently assemble in the premises, e.g. the canteen and locker rooms. Figure 60: Staff action notice If your premises are routinely expected to accommodate people whose first language is not English you may need to consider providing instruction in more than one language. The interpretation should always convey an identical message. Illumination All signs and notices will need illumination to ensure they are conspicuous and legible. There are a number of options available to achieve this, such as: • external illumination; and • internal illumination. The supplier or other competent person can give you further advice. Signs or notices of the photo-luminescent type, i.e. where the active material making up the luminous parts of such signs or notices needs a period of exposure to light before they become visible in darkness (but get fainter with time), are not a substitute for appropriate emergency lighting and should only be used where other forms of illumination are present. Further guidance Detailed guidance on fire safety signs can be found in BS 5499-4,30 BS 5499-5.74 Published guidance5,6 on compliance with health and safety legislation on signs is also available. Guidance about the use of photo-luminescent fire safety signs and notices can be found in BS 5266-6.73 104 Section 7 Further guidance on recording, planning, informing, instructing and training 7.1 Fire safety records Keeping up-to-date records of your fire risk assessment can help you effectively manage the fire strategy for your premises and demonstrate how you are complying with fire safety law. Even if you do not have to record the fire risk assessment, it can be helpful to keep a record of any co-operation and exchange of information made between employers and other responsible people for future reference. In larger and more complex premises, it is best to keep a dedicated record of all maintenance of fire-protection equipment and training. There is no one ÔcorrectÕ format specified for this. Suitable record books are available from trade associations and may also be available from your local enforcing authority. In all cases