consequences for the life, liberty or physical integrity of a person; (a) (f) there is an urgent need to prevent the destruction, alteration, interference or harm to evidence connected with the investigation; or (g) the particularly identified solicitor and/or qualified accountant is suspected of being involved in criminality. In these circumstances, the person should be allowed to choose another solicitor and / or qualified accountant to represent them. Such a decision to proceed with the interview should usually be with the authorisation of a senior appropriate officer and recorded in writing. 158. In a case falling within paragraph 1 5 7 (a), once sufficient information has been obtained to avert the risk of interference or harm to evidence or of alerting another person so as to prejudice the investigation, questioning should cease until the interviewee has received legal or financial advice. 159. In a case falling within paragraph 157 (d), the interview may be started or continued without further delay provided that the person has given his or her agreement in writing to being interviewed without receiving legal or financial advice and that the person conducting the interview has inquired into the person's reasons for the change of mind and has given authority for the interview to proceed. Confirmation of the person's agreement, his or her change of mind and his or her reasons (where given) should be recorded in the written interview record at the beginning or re- commencement of interview. 160. In England and Wales, if a solicitor wishes to send a non-accredited or probationary representative to provide advice on his behalf, then that person is also recognised as a Ôlegal adviserÕ and must be admitted to the interview unless the appropriate officer considers that this will hinder the investigation. 161. In exercising his discretion as to whether to admit a legal adviser who is not a solicitor, the person conducting the interview should take into account in particular whether the identity and status of the non-accredited or probationary representative have been satisfactorily established; whether they are of suitable character to provide legal advice (a person with a criminal record is unlikely to be suitable unless the conviction was for a minor offence and is not recent); and any other matters in any written letter of authorisation provided by the solicitor on whose behalf the person is attending. 162. If the person conducting the interview refuses access to a non- accredited or probationary representative or a decision is taken that such a person should not be permitted to remain at an interview, they must forthwith notify a solicitor on whose behalf the non-accredited or probationary representative was to have acted or was acting, and give them an opportunity to make alternative arrangements. The interviewee must also be informed. 1. Persons who may be present at interviews 163. Interviews should be conducted in private with at least two members of staff present at all times. Only persons whose presence is sanctioned by this Code should be present. It is