continuity management Ð is required of local authorities. 2.3. Drawing on this common set of procedures, the Act then adds two more duties for the Category 1 responders. They are required specifically to co-operate and share 2.1. information in delivering the other five duties.1 There are thus seven duties in all. 2.4. These requirements to co-operate and share information are given extra importance by their imposition on a larger number of responder organisations, such as the utilities and transport providers. This second grouping, the Category 2 responders, have fewer overall obligations under the CCA, partly because they are less likely to be involved in most emergencies 2 and also because the underpinning sector-specific legislation and regulations, which define what they do, include duties to deliver their service during an emergency. Under the Act, the Category 2 responders are required to co-operate and share information3 with Category 1 responders.4 They are also required to co-operate and share information with each other insofar as this supports Category 1 responders. 1 See Fig 1.1, Emergency Preparedness; Chapter 1: Introduction, p.9 2 Even so, the impact of flooding in 2007 and other severe weather events on some of the Category 2 responders shows how important their role is. 3 Information sharing, as a separate duty, is the subject of a separate guidance chapter (Chapter 3) in Emergency Preparedness, and of additional non-statutory guidance, Data Protection and Sharing: Guidance for Emergency Planners and Responders, 2007. Information sharing remains an important aspect of day-to-day co-operation between local responders and, as such, is considered in this chapter too. 4 For a useful example from one Category 2 sector stressing the importance of information sharing with Category 1 responders, see Effective Information Sharing with Category 2 Telecommunications Providers, CCS, May 2009 http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/media/250370/local_resilience_forums_telecoms.pdf 2.5. Co-operation for the Category 2 responders includes looking at how delivery of the emergency duties under their own legislation, such as risk assessment, emergency planning and exercising, can most easily match with the similar CCA duties of the Category 1 responders.5 Category 2 responders need to be fully integrated into multi-agency planning at all levels levels, including co-operation with each other where it helps local level preparedness by the Category 1 responders. 2.6. One form of co-operation between Category 1 and 2 responders, which is required by the regulations, is the Local Resilience Forum (LRF). 2.7. A third grouping of local responders includes the voluntary sector to which Category 1 responders Òmust have regardÓ when carrying out their duties under the Act (see Chapter 14). There are other organisations outside the framework of the Act which are also brought into co-operation with the duty-holders in certain circumstances, such as, for example, the military (see Chapter 15). Aspects of local-level co-operation 2.8. There are three essential ways of addressing co-operation: o Within your own organisation; o Directly with other organisations; and o Through managed arrangements with other organisations, which may take a number of forms. 5 regulation 4(2), 4(3), 4(4) 2.9. Co-operation starts with the ability