encouraged her husband to use her as a slave. Ms K was often forced to cook all the family’s meals, do all the laundry, and clean the entire house. She fell pregnant but was forced to continue to do all the housework late into her pregnancy. Ms K’s husband, who had previously been jailed for murder, was physically abusive in a manner that intensified during the course of their marriage. The abuse towards Ms K escalated during her pregnancy. Her ‘uncle’ visited her occasionally to intervene and to beg them to stop the abuse. When she was around seven months pregnant, Ms K’s husband assaulted her because she was sitting down on the sofa. She attempted to leave, but her mother-in-law forced her to sit down again, telling her she had to stay until she gave birth and then give the baby to them. Ms K managed to leave the room and called her ‘uncle’ to collect her. When her ‘uncle’ arrived, her husband stood in the doorway to prevent her from leaving the house. He became extremely angry and threw her belongings onto the driveway and told her not to return. Ms K’s ‘uncle’ took her to the hospital for a check-up and she also gave a report at a local police station. The police referred her to SBS, but later, she reconciled with her husband following coercion from her in-laws and retracted her complaint. However, soon after reconciling, her husband began to abuse her again. To ensure that she had no opportunity to disclose the abuse to anyone outside the family, her mother in- law accompanied her to her GP appointments. However, the domestic abuse had a significant impact on Ms K’s mental health, causing her to become depressed and anxious. She lived in constant fear for her life and that of her child. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Asylum Seekers Asylum seekers and their dependants who would otherwise be destitute are provided with accommodation and a weekly cash allowance to meet their essential living needs under the arrangements, as set out in section 95 of the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999 (‘the 1999 Act’). This includes asylum seekers who are victims of domestic abuse. An asylum seeker is destitute if they lack adequate accommodation or the means of obtaining it. The Asylum Support Regulations 2000 make clear that accommodation is not adequate if remaining in it exposes the individual to risk of domestic violence. Arrangements are now in place to use the asylum support budget to close a gap which prevented asylum seekers and their dependants supported under section 95 of the 1999 Act from accessing a refuge. The policy is designed to ensure asylum seekers who are victims of domestic abuse receive the specialist support they need. This statutory guidance applies to asylum seekers who are entitled to asylum support, which will be provided whether in supported accommodation or a specialist refuge. Those granted refugee status or humanitarian protection