end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òthe appropriate sheriffÓ meansÑ (a) in any case, a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the defendant resides, or (b) in a case where the application is made by the chief constableÑ (i) a sheriff in whose sheriffdom the defendant is believed by the chief constable to be, or (ii) a sheriff to whose sheriffdom the defendant is believed by the chief constable to be intending to come; Òthe chief constableÓ means the chief constable of the Police Service of Scotland; ÒchildÓ means a person under 18; Òserious sexual harmÓ, in relation to the renewal or variation of a sexual offences prevention order, means serious physical or psychological harm caused by the defendant committing one or more of the offences listed in Schedule 3; Òserious sexual harmÓ, in relation to the renewal or variation of a foreign travel order, means serious physical or psychological harm caused by the defendant doing, outside the United Kingdom, anything which would constitute an offence listed in Schedule 3 if done in any part of the United Kingdom; Òsexual harmÓ and Òvulnerable adultÓ, in relation to the renewal or variation of a sexual harm prevention order, have the meanings given by section 103B(1). 136ZF Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual risk order etc by court in Scotland (1) This section applies where a relevant order has been made in respect of a person who nowÑ (a) is residing in Scotland, or (b) is in or is intending to come to Scotland. (2) In this section Òrelevant orderÓ meansÑ (a) a sexual risk order, or (b) a risk of sexual harm order. (3) An application may be made to the appropriate sheriff in ScotlandÑ (a) by the defendant, or (b) by the chief constable, for an order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant order. (4) Subject to subsections (5) to (10), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and the other person mentioned in subsection (3) (if that person wishes to be heard), may make any order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant order that the appropriate sheriff considers appropriate. (5) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in Scotland, and (b) whetherÑ (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 371 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) in the case of a sexual risk order, the defendant is likely