risks to AI. Further detail on our research is set out in Annex A.[footnote 11] 1.18 In light of the various work being undertaken internationally, we have engaged with international partners, experts within standards development organisations, as well as other stakeholder groups, to ensure our work was thoroughly tested and complements wider international activity. We commissioned a further literature review which mapped both technical and general recommendations made by industry and other governments. This ensured that publications by the international community informed the development of the Code of Practice, and the requirements were written in the context of various initiatives (further detail can be found in Chapter 3 and Annex F). 1.19 This Call for Views is the start of further dialogue with industry and international partners to ensure that users can securely benefit from AI. This work should be viewed in the broader scope of the GovernmentÕs initiatives in cyber security. The subsequent section offers a summary of various related Government activity linked to AI and cyber security. 2: Our technology security programme 2.1 All cyber security Codes of Practice produced by DSIT are part of the GovernmentÕs broader approach to improve baseline cyber security practices and cyber resilience across the UK. They sit alongside various other levers which have been used by the Government to deliver on the objectives of the current, as well as previous, National Cyber Strategies. The Codes of Practice provide guidance ranging from the development of baseline cyber security advice which all organisations should follow, moving progressively towards more product or domain-specific advice due to the increasing risk and evolving threat landscape. A modular approach has been developed to help organisations easily identify which Codes Ð and within those Codes, which provisions Ð are relevant to them according to both their business functions, and the types of technologies they either use or manufacture.[footnote 12] 2.2 In the case of the voluntary Code contained within this Call for Views, our expectation is that relevant organisations should, at a minimum, also adhere to the provisions in both the Software and Cyber Governance Codes of Practice. While the Cyber Governance Code of Practice sets the baseline expectations for all organisations using digital technologies, the Software Code will also be relevant since software is an integral part of how AI models and systems function. Organisations deemed in scope of this Code would also be expected to assess whether their circumstances warrant consideration of adherence to additional cyber Codes published by the UK Government which may cover specific products or services relevant to them. 2.3 As noted above, this work on AI is closely linked to the GovernmentÕs recent publication on software resilience due to the inherent overlap between these technology areas. The Government previously held a Call for Views on software resilience and security for businesses and organisations in 2023. The feedback we received on the software resilience Call for Views highlighted the need for a voluntary Code of Practice that set 2.1 clear expectations with regards to