of a local authority (within the meaning of the Children Act 1989), and if the offender is aged 18 or over, to a prison. 148 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 1 – Schedule to the Street Offences Act 1959 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Where the court remands the offender to accommodation provided by or on behalf of a local authority, the court must designate, as the authority who are to receive the offender, the local authority for the area in which it appears that the offender resides or will reside. Adjournments (1) This paragraph applies to any hearing relating to an offender held by a youth court or other magistrates' court in any proceedings under this Schedule. The court may adjourn the hearing, and, where it does so, may— direct that the offender be released forthwith, or remand the offender. Where the court remands the offender under sub-paragraph (2)— it must fix the time and place at which the hearing is to be resumed, and that time and place must be the time and place at which the offender is required to appear or be brought before the court by virtue of the remand. Where the court adjourns the hearing under sub-paragraph (2) but does not remand the offender— it may fix the time and place at which the hearing is to be resumed, but if it does not do so, must not resume the hearing unless it is satisfied that the offender and, where appropriate, the supervisor have had adequate notice of the time and place for the resumed hearing. The powers of a magistrates' court under this paragraph may be exercised by a single justice of the peace, notwithstanding anything in the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980. This paragraph— applies to any hearing in any proceedings under this Schedule in place of section 10 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 (adjournment of trial) where that section would otherwise apply, but is not to be taken to affect the application of that section to hearings of any other description. Notification (1) This paragraph applies where a court revokes or amends an order under any provision of this Schedule. The proper officer must— provide copies of the revoking or amending order to the offender and the supervisor, and in the case of an amending order which substitutes a new local justice area, provide a copy of the amending order to a magistrates' court acting for that area. If the court that revokes or amends the order is a magistrates' court acting in a local justice area