by others to discharge this duty in a cost effective way that has delivered demonstrably greater uptake. Signposting third party advice 8.15. Alternatively, the local authority may give advice and assistance to individual organisations to facilitate the engagement of a business continuity consultant, who may be better placed to provide the support required. However, undertaking this work is discretionary, and is not a requirement of the regulations.5 4 regulations 39(3)(b) and 40(3)(b) 5 regulations 39(3)(c) and 40(3)(c) PAGE 7 8.16. Outside large organisations, most of the people responsible for business continuity are not professionals, and may require guidance when purchasing business continuity advice, services or facilities. 8.17. Where it chooses to go down this path, the local authority must remain impartial and take steps to ensure firms are referred to practitioners that have 8.1. the competence and experience to advise them.6 certain circumstances, give rise to legal challenge. Definition of an emergency Failure to do so could, in 8.18. BCM arrangements can be put in place to manage the risks associated with the full range of business interruptions, which could comprise anything from minor supplier or technology failure through to the potentially catastrophic effects of terrorism or natural disaster. BCM is a flexible framework designed to help organisations develop resilience to the full spectrum of events. However, the Act imposes a duty on local authorities to give advice and assistance to commercial and voluntary organisations on developing arrangements to deal with a much narrower range of disruptive challenges. 8.19. The duty applies only to those events or situations defined as an emergency in the Act.7 It does not extend to the wider range of day-to-day disruptions which can threaten the smooth running - or even the very existence - of an organisation. The Act does not require local authorities to give advice and assistance in managing risks that are purely internal to the organisation (e.g. technical, commercial or financial aspects of running the organisation). Nor does it require local authorities to give advice on dealing with smaller-scale incidents (e.g. minor fires or theft). 6 regulations 39(4) and 40(4) 7 S.1 8.20. An emergency is likely to affect a number of organisations, which may in turn threaten to seriously disrupt the effective functioning of the community at large. Advice and assistance to the business and voluntary sector community at large should therefore focus on generic disruptions that affect a significant part of the community. In this respect, the BCM duty will enhance community resilience by encouraging a local business climate able to withstand the disruptions caused by an emergency. 8.21. A key objective of the BCM duty is to help organisations to link in with practical emergency planning arrangements put in place by Category 1 responders. Local authorities will be particularly well placed to give advice and assistance to organisations in preparing for events or situations whose scale and impact require assessments of risk to be made and emergency plans to be prepared by Category 1 responders. 8.22. However, organisations that