month error rates are reported to Departmental SPOCÕs and officer/staff should approach their supervisor to request sight of this information. If required the Data Quality team can provide more detailed information. After the review period has been completed the Data Quality team will analyse the officer/staff members errors over the previous two months. This will take into account any and all error types, the number of errors created and also previous sanction history to identify whether enough improvement has been made for them to be removed from the sanctions process. If no significant improvement has been made and/or officer/staff failed to engage with the team during this time they will progress to Step 3. Step 3 Ð If a third trigger* point is subsequently hit during the 2nd review period, the Data Quality team will escalate to the Supervisor and Department Head and copy in the officer/staff member. The Supervisor and Department Head will be responsible for identifying any underlying issues and should consider management of the individual through suitable and appropriate methods. One-to- one training with the Data Quality team will be mandatory if Step 3 is reached. *The 3rd trigger point will be a continuation of the same errors initially made and/or the reporting of more serious errors based on the previous month/s. The review period for Step 3 will last for one month during which time officer/staff can enage with the Data Quality team who will provide guidance as appropriate. At the end of each review month error rates are reported to Department SPOCs and officer/staff should approach their supervisor to request sight of this information. If required the Data Quality team can provide more detailed information. After the review period has been completed the Data Quality team will analyse the officer/staff members errors over the previous month. This will take into account any and all error types, the number of errors created and also previous sanction history to identify whether enough improvement has been made for them to be removed from the sanctions process. If no significant improvement has been made and/or officer/staff failed to engage with the team during this time, they will progress to Step 4. Table of Contents Step 4 Ð If during the final month of this 6 month process, there is little improvement (or failure to attend training) and additional duplicates and/or continued errors are created, the Data Quality Team will update the Supervisor, Head of Department, Records Manager and Head of Information Management and Assurance, highlighting the severity of the issues found. They will recommend the amendment of Niche permissions or complete removal of the Niche role, pending additional training. This is seen as a last resort only and should be a rare occurrence if the offer of training is taken. The final decision for the removal/amendment of Niche permissions rests with the Head of Information Management and Assurance, as Information Asset Owner for Niche RMS. Section 9: Roles and Responsibilities The SIRO will support and promote the benefits of