or partially revoked. The court may grant such an application when, for example, the conduct of the respondent has been such as to suggest that this would be appropriate. However, once any application has been made and dismissed, no further application for revocation may be made by either party without the prior consent of the court. 12.9.2. Injunctions for applicants aged 14 to 17 years old: Detention Orders The court may make a detention order against the respondent where it is satisfied that, in view of the severity or extent of the breach, that no other power available to the court is appropriate. Before making an application for a detention order, the injunction applicant must consult with the relevant YOT and the court must consider a report prepared by the YOT for that purpose. A detention order may last for not more than three months (beginning on the day when the order is made). Under a detention order, the respondent may be detained in: • a secure training centre; • a young offender institution; • secure accommodation;50 • a secure college; or • a secure childrenÕs home. The decision about where a young person is placed will be made by the YJB central placements team.51 Either the injunction applicant or the defaulter may make an application to the court for the detention order to be revoked. The court may grant such an application where it is in the interest of justice to do so, having regard to the circumstances which have arisen since the detention order was made, for example, when the conduct of the defaulter has been such as to suggest that this would be appropriate. However, once any application has been made and dismissed, no further application for revocation may be made by either party without the prior consent of the court. 50 As defined by section 23(12) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969 51 Section 14(4) of Part 3 of Schedule 5A to the 2009 Act (as amended by the 2010 Act). 48 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 13. Appealing an injunction Appeals may be lodged by both the applicant and respondent following the granting, refusal, variation or discharge of an injunction. Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to 17 year olds Appeals of decisions made by the County Court or the High Court are governed by Part 52 of the Civil Procedure Rules. Applicants and respondents should ensure they have read and understood the provisions of Part 52 and the supporting Practice Directions before seeking to file an appeal. Appeals against orders made by district judges in the County Court should normally be made to a circuit judge; appeals against orders made by circuit judges should normally be made to a High Court Judge. A young person may appeal a decision made by the Youth Court to the Crown Court under section 46B of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. Appeals to the Crown Court