to accurately determine real impact from most principal evaluations.11 Value-added measures, uses changes in test scores to link the presence of a given teacher to a given studentÕs improvement. These measures have strong research backing, with teachers who score highly on short-term value-added measures being linked to studentsÕ increased college attendance and socioeconomic mobility later in life.12 However, policymakers must note that this measure is purely correlative and sensitive to external community factors outside of the teacher.13 A more sophisticated primary measure is necessary, but should be determined with thorough consideration. Through promptly beginning research on impactful teacher factors, New York can protect early-career and underrepresented educators and eliminate seniority as the foremost argument in personnel decisions sooner rather than later. Highlights • Approximately 20% of COVID-19 K-12 emergency funding, which will run out in the coming years, was allocated toward paying staff.1 New YorkÕs Òfirst-in, last-outÓ mandates unfairly impact disadvantaged schools by disproportionately increasing already-rampant teacher turnover.7,8 • Removing reverse-seniority layoff mandates would protect early-career educators, and, in turn, protect the diversity of the teacher workforce.6. • Other estimates of teacher quality (such as value added measures and principal evaluations) are adequate, but this policy should also include provisions for increased research on impactful teacher factors. Implementation New York State should pass a bill to amend education statutes to omit the mandate of seniority-based layoffs within the upcoming legislative session. This legislative change will limit the immediate disproportionate quantity of post- ESSER layoffs on newer educators. To convince lawmakers to reform the statutes, advocates can develop and present case studies based on the successes of any of the 20 states which restrict Òlast-in. first-outÓ policies.10 To best serve teachers and students alike, New York should pursue a more standardized approach. Prior to making any additional statutory change, the New York State Department of Education (NYSED) must analyze which aspects of teaching most accurately predict student outcomes. NYSED should launch a series of Randomly-Controlled Trials (RCTs) in schools across the state to analyze various factors of teacher performance, including short-term academic teacher value- added measures and teacher absenteeism. The exhaustive list of teacher effectiveness measures should be developed by a legislative task force composed of advocates for the aforementioned bill, with the input of teacher unions (to ensure fairness) and advocacy groups. Over the course of the next two years, NYSED should measure engagement-based student outcomes such as changes in student-reported self-efficacy to thoroughly measure how different teacher factors affect studentsÕ willingness to learn. Following the data collection and analysis of this statewide study, NYSED or a separate legislative task force can determine impacts of specific agreed-upon teacher factors on student engagement outcomes. Legislators should pass an additional bill modifying New York Education Law articles 2510 and 2588 to prioritize factors with the strongest empirical proof in layoff situations, and districts should recommend these factors as ongoing accountability measures. Works Cited [1] ÒEsser Funding and School System Jobs: Evidence from Job Posting Data.Ó CALDER, April 1, 2024. https://caldercenter.org/publications /esser-funding-and-school-system- jobs-evidence-job-posting-data.