by three methods: • convection; • conduction; and • radiation. • Convection Fire spread by convection is the most dangerous and causes the largest number of injuries and deaths. When fires start in enclosed spaces such as buildings, the smoke rising from the fire gets trapped by the ceiling and then spreads in all directions to form an ever-deepening layer over the entire room space. The smoke will pass through any holes or gaps in the walls, ceiling and floor into other parts of the building. The heat from the fire gets trapped in the building and the temperature rises. Conduction Some materials, such as metal shutters and ducting, can absorb heat and transmit it to the next room, where it can set fire to combustible items that are in contact with the heated material. Radiation Radiation heats the air in the same way as an electric bar heater heats a room. Any material close to a fire will absorb the heat until the item starts to smoulder and then burn. Figure 5: Smoke moving through a building Smoke produced by a fire also contains toxic gases which are harmful to people. A fire in a building with modern fittings and materials generates smoke that is thick and black, obscures vision, causes great difficulty in breathing and can block the escape routes. It is essential that the means of escape and other fire precautions are adequate to ensure that everyone can make their escape to a place of total safety before the fire and its effects can trap them in the building. In evaluating this risk to people you will need to consider situations such as: • fire starting on a lower floor affecting the only escape route for people on upper floors or the only escape route for people with disabilities; • fire developing in an unoccupied space that people have to pass by to escape from the building; • fire or smoke spreading through a building via routes such as vertical shafts, service ducts, ventilation systems, poorly installed, poorly maintained or damaged walls, partitions and ceilings affecting people in remote areas; • fire starting in a service room and affecting hazardous materials; • fire spreading rapidly through the building because of combustible structural elements and/or large quantities of combustible goods; 16 ¥ rapid vertical fire spread in racked displays; • fire and smoke spreading through a building due to poor installation of fire precautions, e.g. incorrectly installed fire doors (see Appendix B2 for more information on fire doors) or incorrectly installed services penetrating fire walls; and • fire and smoke spreading through the building due to poorly maintained and damaged fire doors or fire doors being wedged open. Further guidance on fire risks is given in Part 2, Section 1. 3.3 Remove or reduce the hazards Having identified the fire hazards in Step 1, you now need to remove those hazards if reasonably practicable to do so. If you cannot remove the hazards, you need to take reasonable