Force has adopted Trauma Risk incident Management (TRiM). TRiM is a tool to assist with early identification of problems that may lead to sickness absence and works by using set factors and questions to assess an individualÕs response to a particular situation or incident, thereby providing a structured and consistent approach for management to apply. 14. Responsibilities of Key Stakeholders and Staff All Employees should: Observe the Force health and safety policy and take care of their own health, safety and psychological wellbeing and that of others, so that they can learn to recognise the signs of stress in themselves and others and be aware of effective strategies to keep stress to the minimum: • comply with the Working Time Directive, taking authorised breaks and annual leave. • commitment re individual responsibility Ð signing up to the health and wellbeing strategy, demonstrated via attendance and work practice. • accept opportunities for counselling/support when recommended. • report issues of concern / unacceptable stress levels to their line manager, safety representative or People Services Department so that any problems can be addressed and where possible prevented. All Leaders and Managers should: All Wiltshire Police Managers should: • Conduct and implement the recommendations of risk assessments and action plans within the areas of their responsibility. • Ensure good two way communication between management, staff associations, employees. • Ensure that employees are consulted and provided with constructive feedback in the course of their work, particularly when changes are being proposed or implemented. • Undertake performance appraisals and ensure that all employees are fully trained to discharge their duties and provide appropriate development opportunities. • Monitor the workloads of all employees to ensure that staff are neither under or over worked. • Monitor the working hours and overtime, holidays, breaks, time off in lieu, flexible working sheets. • Attend all relevant training in relation to good management practice and occupational health and safety. • Ensure that bullying and harassment is not tolerated within their area of responsibility by taking appropriate action. • Be vigilant and offer additional support to staff who are experiencing stress inside and/or outside of the work environment. • Monitor sickness absence relating to stress and refer any member of staff to the Force Occupational Health Unit as required. • • Liaise with the Force Occupational Health Unit as required, to identify any staff in vulnerable roles and agree proactive initiatives. Ensure that staff experiencing stress have access to appropriate sources of advice and support. • Consider applications of part time and or flexible working arrangements to assist staff in achieving and maintaining a healthy work/life balance. • Ensure that employees are fully trained to carry out their duties. • Ensure all employees have adequate opportunities for rest, meals and refreshments in line with the working time directive and organisational policy. • To support health and wellbeing initiatives in the workplace. The Police and Crime Commissioner will: • Actively support Chief Officers in the strategic management of health and safety matters in