Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) one of themselves, or (b) another person, to carry out on their behalf, in relation to the personÕs death, one or more of the functions specified in the regulations. (2) Regulations under subsection (1) may specify some or all of the functions of a review partner under section 28 or 29 relating to a review under section 24 or a report on the review. (3) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision enablingÑ (a) a county council, and (b) a district council for an area that is within the area of the county council, to agree that one of them carry out on behalf of the other one or more of the functions specified in the regulations. (4) Regulations under subsection (3) may specify some or all of the functions of a review partner under sections 24 to 29. 32 Guidance (1) Review partners must have regard to any guidance issued by the Secretary of State in connection with functions conferred on them under sections 24 to 31. (2) Before issuing guidance under this section, the Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) persons appearing to the Secretary of State to represent review partners, (b) the Welsh Ministers, so far as the proposed guidance relates to a devolved Welsh authority, and (c) such other persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. (3) After issuing guidance under this section, the Secretary of State must lay a copy of the guidance before Parliament. 33 Power to pay grant: local health boards Section 31(2) to (5) of the Local Government Act 2003 (power of the Secretary of State to pay grant to local authorities in Wales) applies in relation to local health boards in Wales and expenditure incurred or to be incurred by those local health boards in the exercise of their functions under this Chapter as it applies in relation to local authorities in Wales and expenditure incurred or to be incurred by those local authorities. 36 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 2 Ð Offensive weapons homicide reviews Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 34 Piloting (1) The Secretary