. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Amendments consequential on section 17 F62. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 17 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Closure of unlicensed premises Closure notices Where a constable is satisfied that any premises are being, or within the last 24 hours have been, used for the [F63unauthorised sale of alcohol] for consumption on, or in the vicinity of, the premises, he may serve under subsection (3) a notice in respect of the premises. Where a local authority is satisfied that any premises in the area of the authority are being, or within the last 24 hours have been, used for the [F63unauthorised sale of alcohol] for consumption on, or in the vicinity of, the premises, the authority may serve under subsection (3) a notice in respect of the premises. A notice under subsection (1) or (2) (“a closure notice”) shall be served by the constable or local authority concerned on a person having control of, or responsibility for, the activities carried on at the premises. A closure notice shall also be served by the constable or local authority concerned on any person occupying another part of any building or other structure of which the premises form part if the constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned reasonably believes, at the time of serving notice under subsection (3), that the person’s access to the other part of the building or other structure would be impeded if an order under section 21 providing for the closure of the premises were made. A closure notice may also be served by a constable or the local authority concerned on— any other person having control of, or responsibility for, the activities carried on at the premises; any person who has an interest in the premises. A closure notice shall— specify the alleged use of the premises and the grounds on which the constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (1) or (as the case may be) subsection (2); state the effect of section 20; and specify the steps which may be taken to ensure that the alleged use of the premises ceases or (as the case may be) does not recur. A closure