recognise that Ôearly interventionÕ includes anti-bullying and a curriculum that ensures that young people develop the social and emotional skills they need in order to meet their full potential. For example, the curriculum should include teaching conflict resolution skills, understanding risky situations, and violence and abuse should be clearly defined so that young people know when to seek help. Understanding the issue It is important to understand fully the issue or issues that affect the local area. In-depth analysis of the issues should highlight areas for action by bringing together information about: • the scale and nature of youth violence; • who is involved; • what may already be in place to help young people; and • where there may be gaps. Engaging with the local community safety partnership, the youth offending team, the Safer School Partnership officer or the neighbourhood police team can assist schools if there is a gang or youth violence problem in their area. Working with local partners will help to achieve a full understanding of the context that school and college staff work in, especially how community issues affect behaviours in the school or college. Additionally, school councils may offer an opportunity to engage with pupils on this issue. As part of their emergency management planning, schools should have in place systems for targeting and responding to individual or group violence. Even if violent incidents themselves do not appear to be an immediate concern, there may be a need to build resilience to such problems for the future. Seeking support Parents, carers, family members and other adults in childrenÕs lives such as teachers have an incredibly important role to play in helping protect them from gangs and to keep them away from violence. But it can be difficult to know what to do. Anyone worried about a child or young person involved in, or at risk from, gangs can call the NSPCC helpline on 0808 800 5000. Helpline practitioners have been trained as part of the Home Office Ending Gang and Youth Violence programme, and can offer advice, support and information on what action to take to help young people who are in, or at risk from, a gang. Local headteacher networks are the most common way to share ideas, practice and support. Schools can link with local support groups and specialist agencies with experience in dealing with gang-related issues. If the school or college is in an ÕEnding Gang and Youth ViolenceÕ priority area4, there is likely to be someone with a role in relation to gangs who will be in a position to provide specialist support within either the local authority or the police. Please see the information on community safety partnerships in ÔWorking with other local partners to address the issueÕ below. There is also a range of resources on what works. These are outlined below in the section on Sources of Evidence. The Department for Education (DfE) has published a range of advice on behaviour, attendance and bullying. For example, the