duties under the Act in a Òreasonable fashionÓ. Thus, Category 1 responders should assess risk as often as is necessary, taking into account the annually updated Local Risk Assessment Guidance (LRAG), to ensure that they are in a reasonable position to maintain and 6 The LRAG is issued by the Cabinet Office and is designed to inform LRF risk assessments. It contains information on the likelihood and impact of generic threats and hazards and is updated annually See Box 4.4. 7 The NRR is the public version of the NRA. It contains a high level overview of the risks to the UK as well as giving advice on how businesses, communities and individuals can better prepare for emergencies. It is issued approximately every two years. It can be found at http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource- library/national-risk-register. See Box 4.4. 8 National Resilience Planning Assumptions provide information and planning figures for the generic consequences of risks. It is based upon the NRA and is published annually to reflect changes in the risk assessment. 9 s. 2(1)(a)-(b) update their emergency plans and to perform the civil protection duties under the Act, including the duty to maintain Business Continuity plans. However, the risk assessment should respond quickly to changes in the risk environment so that plans can be updated10accordingly. This means that the process should be iterative and contain risk monitoring and updating mechanisms (see paragraph 4.55). Co-operation 4.9. As part of the LRF process, Category 1 responders must co-operate with each other in maintaining the Community Risk Register (CRR).11 The CRR provides an agreed position on the risks affecting a local area and on the planning and resourcing priorities required to prepare for those risks. Its purpose is to enable each Category 1 responder to: o be fully informed of the risks of emergency in its area; o benefit from the range of views on risk of its partners on the LRF; o identify collectively the main local emergency plans and capabilities which appear to be needed across all the Category 1 responders; o decide which of the plans and capabilities should properly fall to it;12and o know which of its partners in the LRF acknowledges responsibility for developing plans and capabilities against the various risks. 4.10. According to the Regulations, the CRR should be shared with LRFs with whom a boundary is shared.13 A copy of the CRR should also be provided to the Department for Communities and Local Government Resilience and Emergencies Division for distribution to others as necessary. This may include Cabinet Office and other government departments, as well as other LRFs who do not necessarily share 10 s. 2(1)(e) 11 regulation 15 12 s. 2(1)(b) 13 regulation 16 geographical boundaries with the CRR area. Indeed, Category 1 responders should consider whether there are any specific risks which should be communicated to any LRFs in any other local areas.14 4.11. While the Act imposes a duty on each Category 1 responder to assess risk, it is recognised that requiring each Category 1 responder