other requirement, this will be the responsible officer of the relevant YOT. In any case, the responsible officer must notify the terms of the curfew requirement to the respondent, the person responsible for the monitoring (if this is not himself) and any other person without whose co-operation it would not be possible to ensure that the monitoring takes place. This might include, for example, the parent or guardian of the respondent. Where such a person has been identified, an electronic monitoring requirement may not be included in the supervision order without that personÕs consent. When a court makes or amends a supervision order, it must provide copies to the respondent and to the specified YOT. In the case that the supervision order contains an activity requirement relating to a particular place or activity or a residential activity, the court must also provide copies to the person responsible for that particular place, activity or residential facility. Similarly, in the case of an order which contains an electronic monitoring requirement, the person must provide a copy of the order to the person responsible for the monitoring and to any person (as set out above) without whose consent it would not be possible to ensure that the monitoring took place. Where a respondent has not complied with a supervision order, the responsible officer must inform the injunction applicant. The responsible officer may then refer this back to the court for prosecution of the breach. Where the court is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the respondent has failed to comply with the conditions of the order, it may revoke that order and either make a new supervision order (possibly with more stringent conditions) or make a detention order. It is the responsibility of the responsible officer to ensure that any necessary arrangements are made to enable the respondentÕs compliance with the order and to promote the defaulterÕs compliance. The respondent is responsible for keeping in touch with the responsible officer and for notifying any change of address. 48 Section 46A of, and Schedule 5A to, the 2009 Act (as amended by the 2010 Act). 49 As set out in the Youth Rehabilitation Order (Electronic Monitoring Requirement) Order 2009 made under paragraph 26(5) of Schedule 1 to the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008, referred to in paragraph 6(5) of Schedule 5A of the 2009 Act (as amended). 47 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Either the applicant or the respondent may make an application to the court to amend the time period of the injunction, or the geographical area to which it relates. Similarly, either party may make an application to the court for the order to be wholly or partially revoked. The court may grant such an application when, for example, the conduct of the respondent has been such as to suggest that this would be appropriate. However, once any application has been made and dismissed, no further application for revocation may be made by either party without