them for their response. In these instances when the appropriate Chair determines that an employee should be dismissed, the individual will receive notification of this decision in writing within 5 working days from the Chair. Dismissal is not suspended pending the outcome of any appeal. 9.5 Summary Dismissal (dismissal without notice) An employee may be summarily dismissed for serious matters of discipline but not normally for a first offence, except where that offence is deemed to be gross misconduct. In such cases, summary dismissal without notice or pay in lieu of notice may be appropriate. This may occur where as a result of an initial investigation, the circumstances indicate to the appropriate Chair that gross misconduct has taken place, in which the fundamental trust and confidence of an employee is seriously undermined. In these instances when an appropriate Chair determines that an employee should be dismissed, in exceptional circumstances this may occur without a formal hearing although wherever possible, the Chair should allow the opportunity for the individual to state their position/version of events prior to making such a decision. The individual will receive notification of this decision in writing from the Chair within 5 working days. The employee may still appeal this decision but dismissal is not suspended pending the outcome of any appeal. (See Section 10). 9.6 Personal File Records Records will be kept detailing the nature of any breach of disciplinary rules, the employeeÕs mitigation, the action taken and the reasons for it, whether an appeal was lodged, its outcome and any subsequent developments. These records will be retained on the employeeÕs personal file in accordance with The Procedure and subject to any statutory requirements as detailed within the Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or the Data Protection Act 2018 and/or the Police Reform Act 2002. If there is further misconduct during the life of the warning then there may be a further disciplinary investigation which will consider if further disciplinary action may be required in accordance with this procedure. 10. APPEALS An employee has the right of appeal against any level of disciplinary sanction including dismissal. Appeals against disciplinary warnings up to and including written warnings will be heard by a Senior Manager who is of a higher grade and rank than the Chair who gave the sanction and who has had no previous involvement in the case. Any employee wishing to register an appeal must submit their specific grounds for appeal in writing within 10 working days of receipt of the written confirmation of the level of disciplinary warning, to the Chair of the original meeting/hearing. The appeal will normally be heard and considered within 15 working days of receipt of the paperwork by the relevant Senior Manager. The employeeÕs written notice of appeal should include full and specific details of the grounds for appeal and whether the appeal is against the finding and/or the level of action taken. The Human Resources Department will arrange the Appeal Hearing ensuring that a minimum of 10 working days