provision of first aid will save lives and minimise further harm and suffering. Thus, whilst the primary responsibility for emergency medical support rests with the ambulance service, some of our employees need to be able to administer first aid in emergency incidents. . 3. Purpose Wiltshire Police recognises the importance of supporting and enabling its workforce in being able to serve and protect our communities. As a Force we want to be seen responsive and adaptive to current threats to our community, bringing those responsible for such offences to justice whilst also protecting our staff. There has been recent concern raised nationally with regards to acid attacks and their increasing prevalence. This has led to the National Police Chief Council providing forces with advice with regards to officer safety. Wiltshire Police want to ensure that we have a robust response to any such attack occurring in our force area and that every officer feels supported, equipped and competent in their response to initially manage such incidents This policy provides a framework to ensure: • Incidents involving acid and other noxious chemicals are adequately managed in the initial phase if Wiltshire Police are first on scene • A consistent approach and appropriate equipment is available to staff through consultation with Wiltshire Police First Aid Working Group. 4. Scope This policy applies to all members of Wiltshire Police staff who are public facing but predominantly to operational officers. All Wiltshire Police staff should have an awareness of acid attacks and the impact they can have on our staff and communities. Specifically all those who are frontline public facing will have additional input through People Development to allow them to manage the initial phase of an attack from a first aid and officer safety point of view and also where appropriate be equipped with supplies to assist a victim of such an attack. 5. Definitions 5.1 Acid Attack An acid attack is a form of violent assault defined as the act of throwing acid or a similarly corrosive substance onto the body of another with the intention to disfigure, maim, torture, or kill. Perpetrators of these attacks throw corrosive liquids at their victims, usually at their faces, burning them, and damaging skin tissue, often exposing and sometimes dissolving the bones. The most common types of acid used in these attacks are sulfuric and nitric acid. Hydrochloric acid is sometimes used, but is much less damaging. Aqueous solutions of strongly alkaline materials, such as caustic soda (sodium hydroxide), are used as well, particularly in areas where strong acids are controlled substances. 5.2 Clinical Governance This is defined as a system through which Organisations such as Wiltshire Police are accountable for continuously improving the quality of their services and safeguarding high standards of care by creating an environment in which excellence in care delivered by officers and police staff will flourish. The Force Clinical Governance Lead is Dr Rachel Oaten FRCEM BSc (Hons) Consultant in Emergency Medicine at Salisbury District Hospital. Other members of the