solution is for a normal risk building unless otherwise illustrated. These are not intended to be prescriptive or exhaustive but merely to help you understand how the principles of means of escape may be applied in practice. They are illustrative of the key features of escape route layouts and not intended to be real building layouts or to scale. You do not need to read all of this section, you only need to consider those figures and the accompanying text which most closely resemble your premises. If your premises do not resemble these then you should seek advice from a competent person. These examples are intended to represent your existing layout; they are not to be used as design guidance. In all of these examples the following basic principles apply: • The farthest point on any floor to the final exit or storey exit to a protected stairway is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2). • The route to and the area near the exit is kept clear of combustibles and obstructions. • The fire-resisting stairway is kept clear of combustibles and obstructions. • The escape route leads to a final exit. • Where the stairway is not a protected stairway, the final exit is visible and accessible from the discharge point of the stairway at ground floor level. • High-risk rooms do not generally open directly into a protected stairway. • If your fire risk assessment shows that people using any floor would be unaware of a fire you may require additional fire- protection measures, e.g. an automatic fire-detection and warning system. • There should be more than one escape route from all parts of the premises (rooms or storeys) except for areas or storeys with an occupancy of less than 60. The figure of 60 can be varied in proportion to the risk, for a lower risk there can be a slight increase, for a higher risk, lower numbers of persons should be allowed. • Table 3: Typical examples of escape route layouts Single storey buildings (or the ground floor of a larger building) Ground floor premises with a single exit (including a mezzanine) See Figure 42 Ground floor cellular layout See Figure 43 Ground floor open plan layout See Figure 44 Multi storey buildings with a single stairway Two-storey premises See Figure 45 Two-storey premises, including basement See Figure 46 Three-storey premises, including basement See Figure 47 Larger three-storey premises, including basement See Figure 48 Office premises, ground and up to three upper storeys See Figure 49 Shop premises, ground and up to three upper storeys Ð protected lobbies/corridors See Figure 50 Shop premises, ground and up to three upper storeys Ð automatic fire detection See Figure 51 Multi-storey buildings with more than one stairway Example of a multi-storey building See Figure 52 Tall building with a firefighting shaft See Figure 53 If you do not have any of the stairway configurations given, and depending on the outcome of your fire risk assessment it