service of His Majesty include members of a police force, civilian officers, members 27 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law of any foreign force when serving with British forces, members of any approved cadet corps when engaged as members of the corps in drill, or in target practice on service premises, and persons providing instruction to members of a cadet corps. 3.19 Since the 1968 Act created section 5, it has been significantly amended by section 1 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988, regulation 3 of the Firearms Acts (Amendment) Regulations 1992 and sections 1, 9 and 52 of the 1997 Act, Schedule 3 of the 1997 Act, section 39 of the Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003, the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, the Policing and Crime Act 2017 and, the Offensive Weapons Act 2019. In addition, sections 2 to 7 of the 1997 Act provide for certain special exemptions from the prohibition of small firearms. It is therefore critical that all revisions are taken account of when dealing with section 5 issues. 3.20 Section 5A(1) of the 1968 Act refers to collectors and states that the authority of the Secretary of State is not required for a collector to possess, purchase, acquire, sell or transfer any of the firearms or ammunition listed in section 5(1A) provided they have a suitably conditioned, valid firearm certificate or permit. The weapons and ammunition listed under section 5(1A) are those in categories (xii) to (xviii) above. 3.21 Section 5A(4) of the 1968 Act states that the Secretary of StateÕs authority is not required for shooters to possess, purchase or acquire, or sell or transfer expanding ammunition or expanding bullets prohibited by sections 5(1A)(f) and (g) providing they have a firearm certificate or visitorsÕ permit authorising their use in connection with four specific activities. These activities are: i. the lawful shooting of deer; ii. shooting of vermin or, in the course of estate management, other wildlife (for more information see Chapter 12); iii. the humane killing of animals; and iv. the shooting of animals to protect other animals or people. This exemption applies to expanding ammunition which is designed to be used with a pistol (see Chapter 4 for further information on expanding ammunition). 3.22 There is no need for the expanding pistol bullets to be listed separately on the certificate. However, where a certificate holder requests large quantities of bullets, it should be remembered that the total number of expanding bullets authorised counts towards their overall limit on possession of expanding pistol ammunition. The exception to the rule on listing bullets separately on a firearm certificate applies in the case of a certificate holder who wishes to possess a variety of different types of bullets. This may be reflected in a relatively higher overall limit on possession and, in these circumstances, the bullets should be listed separately to help avoid unnecessary stockpiling of complete rounds. The dealer making the sale must record transactions of expanding pistol ammunition and bullets for such ammunition on