arrangements were to change, any information which was held prior to such a change would continue to be protected under the current arrangements. 49 https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/clinical-audits-and-registries/female-genital-mutilation-datasets 36 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation Guidance on the recording of FGM and the FGM Enhanced dataset standard is available at https://digital.nhs.uk/data-and-information/information- standards/information-standards-and-data-collections-including- extractions/publications-and-notifications/standards-and-collections/scci2026- female-genital-mutilation-enhanced-dataset Annual information is now presented in dashboard format which can be found here: https://files.digital.nhs.uk/AF/8E6782/FGM%202019%20AR%20- %20Dashboard.xlsm Information Sharing: Additional Resources Information Sharing: ÔAdvice for practitioners providing safeguarding services to children, young people, parents and carersÕ (2018)50 gives guidance to front-line practitioners in England working in child or adult services who have to make decisions about sharing personal information. In Wales ÔWorking Together to Safeguard People - information sharing to safeguard childrenÕ (2019)51 is available to provide advice and promote proportionate information sharing. 50 www.gov.uk/government/publications/safeguarding-practitioners-information-sharing-advice 51 https://gov.wales/sharing-information-safeguard-children Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 37 Annex A: Background on FGM A.1. Cultural Underpinnings and Motives of FGM FGM is a complex issue, and individuals and families who support it give a variety of justifications and motivations for this. However, FGM is a crime and child abuse, and no explanation or motive can justify it. The justifications given may be based on a belief that, for example, it: • brings status and respect to the girl; • preserves a girlÕs virginity/chastity; • is part of being a woman; • is a rite of passage; • gives a girl social acceptance, especially for marriage; • upholds the family ÒhonourÓ; • cleanses and purifies the girl; • gives the girl and her family a sense of belonging to the community; • fulfils a religious requirement believed to exist; • perpetuates a custom/tradition; • helps girls and women to be clean and hygienic; • is aesthetically desirable; • makes childbirth safer for the infant; and • rids the family of bad luck or evil spirits. FGM is a traditional practice often carried out by a family who believe it is beneficial and is in a girl or womanÕs best interests. This may limit a girlÕs motivation to come forward to raise concerns or talk openly about FGM Ð reinforcing the need for all professionals to be aware of the issues and risks of FGM. Infibulation (Type 3) is strongly linked to virginity and chastity, and used to ÔprotectÕ girls from sex outside marriage and from having sexual feelings. In some cultures, it is considered necessary at marriage for the husband and his family to see her ÔclosedÕ and, in some instances, both mothers will take the girl to be cut open enough to be able to have sex. Although FGM is practised by secular communities, it is most often claimed to be carried out in accordance with religious beliefs. However, FGM predates Christianity, Islam and Judaism, and the Bible, Koran, Torah and other religious texts do not advocate or justify FGM. A.2. Medicalisation of FGM Some who support the practice have sought to eliminate risks of infection (by, for example, carrying it