national standards with regard to identified roles ? cross-boundary and national interoperability ? potential obligations under mutual aid arrangements ? the strategic policing requirement, including national policing capabilities ? regional and local plans ? identified good practice ? recommendations made by policing or external bodies. 3.2.3 Each forceÕs APSTRA assessment should be regularly reviewed and updated, at least bi-annually. 3.2.4 Guidance on the content and completion of APSTRA is contained within APP-AP. 3.3 Authorisation procedures for operational deployment of weapons covered by this code 3.3.1 Chief officers must have documented procedures in place for the authorisation of the operational deployment of firearms, specialist munitions and less lethal weapons in accordance with the APP-AP. Operational deployments may only be authorised by officers who are competent to do so. 3.3.2 Chief officers may only authorise less lethal weapons and specialist munitions covered by this code for local operational deployment which have previously been approved for use by UK police forces by the Home Office. The process for Home Office approval is detailed in section 5. 1.1.1 3.4 Communication with police and crime commissioners (or equivalent) community engagement and impact 3.4.1 Where appropriate, chief officers will provide police and crime commissioners5 (PCCs) with timely and accurate updates of relevant information in relation to armed policing and less lethal weapons, particularly for significant changes in deployment profile, to allow PCCs to fulfil their duties. 3.4.2 Chief officers should ensure that community engagement procedures are in place in relation to armed policing and less lethal weapons, particularly for significant changes in deployment profile. 3.4.3 Chief officers should consider the need to provide timely and accurate information to local communities to maintain community confidence and reassurance in police action(s). 3.4.4 Where appropriate, chief officers should provide timely and accurate updates of activities to communities. 3.4.5 When communicating with the public about an incident involving weapons covered by this code, the following should be considered: ? a risk of prejudice to possible future legal proceedings ? future misconduct proceedings ? any disclosure of sensitive operational information ? retaining the confidentiality of aspects of training, tactics and weapons. 3.4.6 Due regard should be given to authorised professional practice on engagement and communication, published by the College of Policing. 3.4.7 Where appropriate a specific community impact assessment should be conducted. The community impact assessment should be considered at the planning stage, during the operation, and after it. The purpose of such assessment is to determine the needs of communities, taking account of their circumstances and vulnerability, and the potential responses from the community to the planned police operation. 5Equivalents can include the mayor in major cities or MOPAC in London. Procedures for the selection and acquisition offirearms,ammunition 4 and specialist munitions 4.1 Selection and acquisition of weapons 4.1.1 Chief officers are responsible for the selection and acquisition of firearms and ammunition. The selection of weapons and ammunition must be based on the operational requirement identified by the threat and risk assessment process set out in 3.2. The chief officer