DM. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Force Disclosure Unit Procedure Owner/Author: Keith LEWIS / Chris Harwood (Author) Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Head of Information Management and Assurance Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 11.07.2018 1.0 Draft 30.07.2018 1.1 Feedback from FDU 11.02.2020 2.0 Review in light of RoAR ICO guidance 11.03.2022 3.0 Scheduled Review. New section on complaints added. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team Senior Command Team/ACC/ACO (Delete as appropriate) JNCC (Not required for all procedures) Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this procedure (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Procedure: Training Requirements No additional training requirements. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required. POLICY STATEMENT. Wiltshire Police will identify, analyse and prioritise the risks it faces. We aim to manage and control risks in a cost- effective manner in order to maximise the quality and efficiency of our service provision and to uphold our reputation. Risk management is an integral part of the planning and management process. Risk is defined as: ÒÉ..an uncertain event or set of events, which, should it occur, will have an effect on the achievement of objectives. A risk consists of a combination of the probability of a perceived threat or opportunity occurring and the magnitude of its impact on objectives?. (Management of Risk: Guidance for Practitioners) Wiltshire Police utilise the National Decision Model (NDM) when assessing Risk. This framework along with the College of Policing Authorised Profession Practice content on Risk, which identifies ten principles related to taking and reviewing risk, assists police forces in making the most appropriate decisions and ensures that Forces are better equipped and supported in exercising professional judgement. Risk Management is a planned and systematic approach to the identification, evaluation and management of risks in order to achieve continuous improvement. It includes the appraisal of options for managing and controlling such risks, and the implementation of cost-effective mitigation. It has six key elements: 1. Identification of the risks to which the organisation is exposed. 2. Assessment of those risks in terms of frequency and severity. 3. Evaluation of control measures, where possible and cost-effective, to eliminate or reduce the frequency and/or severity of risk events. 4. Allocation of Risk Owner and implementation of control measures. 5. Managing the residual risk, either by self or by transferring the risk (e.g. to an insurer or partner etc.). 6. Monitoring and reviewing the risks and control measures and responding to change. Wiltshire Police is exposed to a number of risks that may threaten its assets, interrupt activity and divert resources from the ForceÕs purpose of ÔPreventing Crime and Protecting the PublicÕ. Wiltshire Police is committed to the management of risk in order to:- Safeguard its personnel and all other persons