other security provisions are contained in the Firearms Security Handbook. Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Appendix 8: Taking of firearms (including air weapons) to Northern Ireland by visitors from Great Britain 1. The requirements for the taking of firearms (including air weapons) to Northern Ireland by persons in Great Britain are as follows: Bullet Firing Weapons and Specially Dangerous Air Weapons (Section 1 Firearms) 2. Such weapons may be taken into Northern Ireland provided that the visitor holds a valid Great Britain firearm certificate in respect of that weapon. Shot guns 3. Such weapons may be taken into Northern Ireland provided that the visitor holds a valid Great Britain shot gun certificate showing a full description of the shot gun in question. Air weapons other than specially dangerous ones 4. Such weapons may be taken into Northern Ireland provided that the visitor holds a valid Certificate of Approval issued by the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland showing a full description of the air weapon in question. A valid Certificate of approval is required for an air gun which is capable of discharging a missile so that the missile has, on being discharged, a kinetic energy in excess of one joule. 1. Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Appendix 9: Conditions for visitorÕs firearm or shot gun permit (i) The holder must, on receipt of this permit, sign it in ink with their usual signature (ii) The holder of this permit must inform at once the chief officer of police by whom this permit was granted of the theft, destruction, deactivation or loss in Great Britain of any firearm or ammunition (shot gun) to which it relates and/or the theft, loss or destruction in Great Britain of this permit. (iii) The holder of this permit must, without undue delay, inform the chief officer of police by whom this permit was granted of any change in their notified arrangements insofar as it relates to the grant of this permit. (iv) ? (a) The firearm and ammunition(shot gun) to which this permit relates must at all times (except in the circumstances set out in paragraph (b) below) be stored securely so as to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, access to the firearm or ammunition (shot gun) by an unauthorised person. (b) Where a firearm or ammunition (shot gun) to which this permit relates is in use or the holder of the permit has the firearm (shot gun) with them for the purpose of cleaning, repairing or testing it or for some purpose connected with its use, transfer or sale, or the firearm or ammunition (shot gun) is in transit to or from a place in connection with its use or any such purpose, reasonable precautions must be taken for the safe custody of the firearm or ammunition (or shot gun). (v) The holder of this permit must, on written request, return the permit to the chief officer of police without delay. (vi) The firearm(s) and ammunition to which