Conversely, above- specification output parameters may directly increase the risk of occurrence of a medical adverse outcome. DOMILL therefore recommends that consideration should be given to the design and implementation of a nationwide quality control programme, with clear guidelines on the management of Tasers found to be out-of-specification. This may become increasingly important as the age of deployable Tasers in the UK increases. 90. DOMILL welcomes this opportunity to examine the issues associated with use of the Taser less- lethal system on children and vulnerable adults. Whilst recognising that training is already given to police officers on interacting with people having many of the conditions considered in this document, DOMILL recommends that a review of the ACPO Guidance on Operational Use of Taser is undertaken to ensure that the correct lessons are identified for the training of personnel and the deployment of the Taser system in the UK. 91. DOMILL recommends that CAST5 continues to notify the Committee in a timely fashion of any adverse events associated with operational use of the Taser system in the UK. DOMILL also recommends that CAST continues to compile annual Taser use reports for subsequent review by the Committee. [signed on original] Chairman, DOMILL 14 Home Office Circular Serious Crime Act 2015 March 2015 Issue date: 26 March 2015 Implementation dates: 3 May and 1 June 2015 Home Office Circular Serious Crime Act 2015 From: Strategic Centre for Organised Crime Ð Pursue Unit For more information contact: See Annex B for list of contacts for each policy area. Broad subject: Serious and organised crime, criminal law Sub-categories: proceeds of crime, cyber crime, organised crime, serious crime prevention orders, gang injunctions, drug cutting agents, child protection, prisons, female genital mutilation, counter- terrorism This circular is addressed to: Lord Chief Justice, Justices of the Supreme Court, President of the Queen?s Bench Division, Master of the Rolls, Senior Presiding Judge, Lords Justices of Appeal, Chairman of the Judicial College, High Court Judges, Presiding Judges, Resident Judges, Crown Court Judges, District Judges (Magistrates? Courts), Chairmen of the Justices, Director of Public Prosecutions, HM Chief Inspector of Constabulary, Chief Officers of Police in England and Wales, Director General of the National Crime Agency, Police and Crime Commissioners in England and Wales, Mayor?s Office for Policing and Crime, College of Policing, HM Revenue and Customs, Chief Crown Prosecutors Copies of this circular go to: Council of Circuit Judges, Magistrates? Association, Association of District Judges, Justices? Clerks? Society, Registrar of Criminal Appeals, Association of Chief Police Officers, Association of Police & Crime Commissioners, Police Superintendents? Association, Police Federation, The Law Society, the Bar Council, the Criminal Bar Association, Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales, Citizens Advice Bureaux, Association of Chief Police Officers, Chief Probation Officers, Local Government Association Contents Subject Paragraph Introduction 1-4 Part 1: Proceeds of crime (Sections 1-12, 14, 37, 39 and 40) 5 Part 2: Computer misuse (Sections 41to 44) 6-15 Section 45: Offence of participating in activities of organised 16-18 crime group Sections 47 to