less favourable treatment. The purpose of this procedure is to provide line managers, staff and those in leadership roles guidance on the menopause and the types of support available The procedure aims to create an environment in which personnel can discuss topics around the menopause without fear of taboo, and ensure everyone understands what menopause is, including its different stages. The procedure aims to ensure support is provided to personnel who are impacted by the symptoms of menopause in the office, in operational settings, or working from home. It aims to educate and inform managers about the potential symptoms of menopause, and how they can support their colleagues through reasonable adjustments. It also aims to ensure that individuals going through the menopause, and suffering with menopause symptoms, feel empowered and able to ask for support and any reasonable adjustments so they can continue to be successful in their roles. Definition The menopause is the term given to the biological change whereby an individual is no longer producing eggs from the ovaries, and subsequently oestrogen and progesterone levels fall. This results in the individual no longer having a menstrual cycle and no longer being able to become pregnant. The onset of the menopause before the age of forty is rare and is called ÔPremature Ovarian InsufficiencyÕ. Menopause usually occurs between the ages of 45 and 55 and typically lasts between four and eight years. However, each employee's experience will differ, and menopausal symptoms can occasionally begin before the age of 40, either naturally or as the result of a surgery such as a hysterectomy . Perimenopause, or menopause transition, begins several years before menopause. An individual may start to experience menopausal symptoms during the final two years of perimenopause. Studies show there are differences in experiences across different ethnic groups. It is crucial to keep in mind that menopause is non-selective, but it can affect people in different ways, so support provided must reflect the individual needs of all those who experience menopause. Most individuals going through the menopause will experience some of the following symptoms, though it is important to note this is by no means a definitive list, and some individuals go through no symptoms whatsoever: • Brain fog (memory problems, poor concentration, forgetfulness). • Irritability including feeling nervous, inner tension, feeling aggressive. • Depressive mood (feeling down, sad, on the verge of tears, lack of drive, mood swings). • Anxiety (inner restlessness, feeling panicky). • Physical and mental exhaustion (general decrease in performance). • Bladder problems. • Digestive issues, bloating, altered bowel habits. • Weight gain. • Decreased confidence. • Low motivation. • Hot flushes and night sweats. • Headaches, migraines. • Joint stiffness, muscle aches and leg cramps. • Irregular and heavy periods. • Skin changes, brittle nails, facial hair. • Whilst the menopause is primarily a physical change in the body, there can sometimes be a psychological impact which must also be taken into consideration. This can include, for some, feelings of Ônot being a real