on reasonable grounds that the use of those powers in the locality during that period may be necessary for the purpose of removing or reducing the likelihood ofÑ (a) members of the public in the locality being harassed, alarmed or distressed, or (b) the occurrence in the locality of crime or disorder. (3) In deciding whether to give such an authorisation an officer must have particular regard to the rights of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly set out in articles 10 and 11 of the Convention. ÒConventionÓ has the meaning given by section 21(1) of the Human Rights Act 1998. (4) An authorisation under this sectionÑ (a) must be in writing, (b) must be signed by the officer giving it, and (c) must specify the grounds on which it is given. 18 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3 Ð Dispersal powers Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 35 Directions excluding a person from an area (1) If the conditions in subsections (2) and (3) are met and an authorisation is in force under section 34, a constable in uniform may direct a person who is in a public place in the locality specified in the authorisationÑ (a) to leave the locality (or part of the locality), and (b) not to return to the locality (or part of the locality) for the period specified in the direction (Òthe exclusion periodÓ). (2) The first condition is that the constable has reasonable grounds to suspect that the behaviour of the person in the locality has contributed or is likely to contribute toÑ (a) members of the public in the locality being harassed, alarmed or distressed, or (b) the occurrence in the locality of crime or disorder. (3) The second condition is that the constable considers that giving a direction to the person is necessary for the purpose of removing or reducing the likelihood of the events mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b). (4) The exclusion period may not exceed 48 hours. The period may expire after (as long as it begins during) the period specified in the authorisation under section 34. (5) A direction under this sectionÑ (a) must be given in writing, unless that is not reasonably practicable; (b) must specify the area to which it relates; (c) may impose requirements as to the time by which the person must leave the area and the manner in which the person must do so (including the route). (6) The constable must (unless it is not reasonably practicable) tell the person to whom the direction