and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved 24/03/2025 Risk assessment https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/civil-contingencies/risk-assessment Page Risk assessment This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 3 April 2024 Written by College of Policing Civil contingencies 6 mins read By their nature, emergencies and major incidents can be traumatic events for personnel involved directly or indirectly. Basic needs of personnel should not be neglected as this may affect the response. The strategic and tactical commanders should ensure appropriate arrangements are in place and identified individuals nominated to carry out these arrangements. Consideration should be given to appointing a health and safety adviser to assist in preparing appropriate health and safety risk assessments. Health and safety risk assessments should be recorded in writing. Understanding risk is central to emergency response. The willingness to make decisions in conditions of uncertainty is the first of ten principles of risk management. These principles and the joint decision model (JDM) encourage a positive approach to risk by supporting decision-makers and building their confidence in taking risks. The Code of Ethics defines standards of behaviour for everyone who works in policing and outlines the principles that should guide decision-making. Officers and staff should use these ethical principles and feel supported in Ôdoing the right thingÕ when facing decisions involving risk. Health and safety duties Emergency responders must ensure that their plans, assessments and major incident response facilitate the quick identification and management of hazards in all stages from initial report to recovery. For example, each emergency service has a responsibility to ensure that their personnel have the correct personal protective equipment (PPE) when entering the inner cordon and that they are given an adequate health and safety briefing. In the event of major incidents, a wide range of physical, psychological and safety hazards may be faced by the public and emergency responders. All such hazards need to be managed to protect staff and the public from harm. Health and safety duties range from developing generic risk assessments for pre-planned operations to dynamic risk assessments in emergency situations. It is important to note that while working on joint risk assessment and a shared situational awareness, the responsibility for the health and safety of staff remains with each individual emergency response agency. This is coordinated through either the strategic commander or strategic coordination centre. There should be a two-way flow of information, support and advice between the emergency responders involved and the command structure to minimise risk of harm to staff Ð and ultimately, the public. The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) 2018 have published ÔStriking the balance between operational and health and safety duties in the Police Service.Õ Joint risk assessment One of the five JESIP principles is risk assessment. See JESIP guidance on joint risk assessment. Initial incident assessment The initial incident assessment forms part of a dynamic risk assessment (outlined in the JDM) and contributes to shared situational awareness. The initial