so far as not already in force by S.I. 2014/2590, art. 2(c) I86 S. 96 in force at 21.10.2014 for W. by S.I. 2014/2830, art. 2(c) Absolute ground for possession: assured tenancies 97 Corresponding new ground and notice requirements for assured tenancies (1) In Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Housing Act 1988 (assured tenancies: grounds on which court must order possession), after ground 7 there is insertedÑ ÒGround 7A Any of the following conditions is met. Condition 1 is thatÑ (a) the tenant, or a person residing in or visiting the dwelling-house, has been convicted of a serious offence, and (b) the serious offenceÑ (i) was committed (wholly or partly) in, or in the locality of, the dwelling-house, (ii) was committed elsewhere against a person with a right (of whatever description) to reside in, or occupy housing accommodation in the locality of, the dwelling-house, or (i) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 73 PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (iii) was committed elsewhere against the landlord of the dwelling-house, or a person employed (whether or not by the landlord) in connection with the exercise of the landlord's housing management functions, and directly or indirectly related to or affected those functions. Condition 2 is that a court has found in relevant proceedings that the tenant, or a person residing in or visiting the dwelling-house, has breached a provision of an injunction under section 1 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, other than a provision requiring a person to participate in a particular activity, andÑ (a) the breach occurred in, or in the locality of, the dwelling-house, or (b) the breach occurred elsewhere and the provision breached was a provision intended to preventÑ (i) conduct that is capable of causing nuisance or annoyance to a person with a right (of whatever description) to reside in, or occupy housing accommodation in the locality of, the dwelling-house, or (ii) conduct that is capable of causing nuisance or annoyance to the landlord of the dwelling-house, or a person employed (whether or not by the landlord) in connection with the exercise of the landlord's housing management functions, and that is directly or indirectly related to or affects those functions. Condition 3 is that the tenant, or a person residing in or visiting the dwelling- house, has been convicted of an offence under section 30 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014