education and awareness programme to ensure understanding and adoption of the plan in relevant parts of the organisation - this applies to both internal and external stakeholders (e.g. employees and suppliers). 6.94. Category 1 responders should deliver a programme of training and awareness to ensure that the relevant parts of the organisation are confident and competent concerning the plan. All parties must appreciate the importance of BCM to the operationÕs survival and their role in this process. This means that business continuity should be ÔmainstreamedÕ in emergency management and should be a core element of the emergency planning culture the Act establishes. 6.95. As the first part of this chapter notes, the Regulations require Category 1 responders to give appropriate training to those involved in implementing BCPs.23 This section of the chapter also sets out the objectives of such training programmes and what they should cover. 6.96. Training will need to be done on a rolling basis to cover staff turnover. BCM co-ordinators should establish a training database to monitor the take-up of training opportunities. 6.97. It is also important to ensure that awareness of BCM issues is raised throughout the organisation, to ensure that all relevant staff have confidence in its ability to manage in a crisis, and know how they should respond in the event of a disruption. For example, some organisations distribute Ôz-cardsÕ to all staff, setting out what they should do in the event of a range of contingencies (e.g. details of secondary sites or evacuation points). The box overleaf sets out some of the key messages and the means of getting them across. 23 regulation 25(b) Box 6.1: The Business Case for BCM Part of embedding a Ôcontinuity cultureÕ within an organisation is to convince senior staff of the business case for BCM. It makes sense to put in place BCM arrangements because they help to: o protect the reputation of the Category 1 responder. The community expects continuity of critical services, even in the most challenging of circumstances. They expect you to be fully in control, and to be seen to be in control - your organisationÕs reputation is at risk if you are not. Maintaining the reputation of statutory services in an emergency is a vital element for public reassurance; o produce clear cost benefits. Identifying, preventing and managing disruptions in advance can reduce the costs to an organisation in terms of financial expenditure and management time. The demands of the insurance market have also increasingly become an important driver; o protect the organisation, ensuring that Category 1 responders can help others in an emergency. For Category 1 responders to help others, they first have to be able to keep themselves going in the face of a disruption. BCM will help ensure that they can mobilise the capabilities they need to deal with the emergency. It will also help ensure that the impact of the emergency on the day-to-day functions of the Category 1 responder is kept to a minimum, and that disruptions