authority)Ó. (3) In subsection (2)(b)Ñ (a) after Òowned byÓ insert Ò a local policing body or Ó; (b) after Òconstable,Ó insert Ò by a member of a police and crime commissioner's staff (within the meaning of Part 1 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011), by a member of the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (within the meaning of that Part of that Act), by a member of the civilian staff of a police force (within the meaning of that Part of that Act), by a member of the civilian staff of the metropolitan police force (within the meaning of that Part of that Act), by a person employed by the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as a police authority, Ó. Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 198 (1) In the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988, section 79 (statements by constables) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (2), for Òby the police authorityÓ substitute Ò as a civilian police employee Ó. (3) After subsection (5), insertÑ (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 297 Ò(5A) For the purposes of subsection (2), a person is employed as a civilian police employee for a police area ifÑ (a) in the case of a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996, the person is a member of the civilian staff of the police force (within the meaning of Part 1 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011) maintained for that area; (b) in the case of the metropolitan police district, the person is a member of the civilian staff of the metropolitan police force (within the meaning of that Part of that Act); (c) in the case of the City of London, the person is employed by the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as police authority.Ó. Local Government and Housing Act 1989 199 The Local Government and Housing Act 1989 is amended as follows. 200 In section 1 (disqualification and political restriction of certain officers and staff), after subsection (8) insertÑ Ò(9) In this section a reference to a person holding a politically restricted post under a local authority includes a reference to every member of the staff of an elected local policing body, except for a deputy police and crime commissioner.Ó. 201 (1) Section 4 (designation and reports of head of paid service) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) In the case of an elected local policing body, the body's chief executive is to be taken to have been designated as the head of the body's paid service (and, accordingly, subsection (1)(a)