refer a convicted individual into MAPPA. It is particularly suitable in domestic abuse cases when dealing with serial perpetrators or other offenders who pose a high risk of serious harm where there is need for a formal multi- agency plan to be kept under review. IDVAS and other victim representatives should be included within MAPPA partnerships. See the MAPPA Guidance for more information Domestic Abuse and Stalking - Multi-Agency Public Protection Arrangements - MAPPA . Perpetrator Panels All local areas should have a forum for discussion that is focused on the perpetrator; this may be as part of a focused discussion at a MARAC or elsewhere. Many local areas are introducing multi-agency perpetrator panels, such as the Multi- Agency Tasking and Coordination meeting (MATAC), which has been piloted in Northumbria and rolled out across six other police forces in the North East and Yorkshire. The Drive programme210 has also successfully used perpetrator panels in other forces in England and Wales. Such panels bring together local agencies to identify strategies for responding to the most harmful domestic abuse perpetrators. Interventions identified through MATAC or Drive can include education, prevention, diversion, disruption, and enforcement. The following principles will help agencies deliver effective multi-agency perpetrator forums: Identification – Panel agencies have the tools to recognise and assess the level of risk and harm posed by perpetrators of domestic abuse, including serial offenders. Individuals convicted of an offence under schedule 15 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003, who are subject to Notification requirements under the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (commonly known as the Sex Offender Register) or are sentenced to more than 12 months' imprisonment are automatically eligible for MAPPA management. For other convicted perpetrators who pose a high risk of 210 The Drive partnership works with high-risk perpetrators to prevent their behaviour and protect victims. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance harm, consideration should always be given to referring into MAPPA on a discretionary basis. Multi-Agency Engagement – Agencies involved in offender management, safeguarding, disruption and behaviour change attend the Panel and are involved in governance as appropriate. Information Sharing – Agencies share relevant and proportionate information, in line with the protocol and UK GDPR. Disruption – The Panel develops a multi-agency coordinated action plan to disrupt abuse and reduce reoffending, using the full range of tools and actions available. Holding Cases – The Panel provides oversight and ensures that actions are completed and followed up, that cases are held by the appropriate agency (avoiding duplication with other agencies and multi-agency initiatives such as MAPPA, IOM and MARAC) and are reheard when required. Safeguarding and Victim Voice – The Panel recognises victim and survivor voices, considers the impact of planned actions on risk to victims, including children and works with the relevant agencies to safeguard. Case Volumes – The Panel will have clear local criteria which ensures the appropriate volume of cases is heard. Equality – The Panel recognises the needs of both victims and perpetrators with protected characteristics. Operational Support – The