Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òserious injuryÓ means a fracture, a deep cut, a deep laceration or an injury causing damage to an internal organ or the impairment of any bodily function; Òserving with the policeÓ, in relation to any person, shall be construed in accordance with section [F35612(7) to (10)] . [F357(1A) In this Part Òthe relevant officerÓ, in relation to a DSI matter, means the person serving with the police (within the meaning of section [F35812(7) to (10)] )Ñ (a) who arrested the person who has died or suffered serious injury, (b) in whose custody that person was at the time of the death or serious injury, or (c) with whom that person had the contact in question; and where there is more than one such person it means, subject to subsection (1B), the one who so dealt with him last before the death or serious injury occurred. (1B) Where it cannot be determined which of two or more persons serving with the police dealt with a person last before a death or serious injury occurred, the relevant officer is the most senior of them.] (2) References in this Part, in relation to anything which is or purports to be a complaint, to the complainant are referencesÑ [F359(a) to the person by whom the complaint or purported complaint was made, or (b) in a case where the complaint or purported complaint was made on behalf of someone else, to the person on whose behalf it was made;] but where any person is acting on anotherÕs behalf for the purposes of any complaint or purported complaint, anything that is to be or may be done under this Part by or in relation to the complainant may be done, instead, by or in relation to the person acting on the complainantÕs behalf. (3) Subject to subsection (4), references in this Part, in relation to any conduct or anything purporting to be a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public include references to any person falling within any of the following paragraphs (whether at the time of the conduct or at any subsequent time)Ñ (a) a person serving with the police; [F360(ca) a National Crime Agency officer; or] (d) a person engaged on relevant service, within the meaning of section 97(1)(a) F361... or (d) of the 1996 Act [F362(temporary service of various kinds)]. (4) In this Part references, in relation to any conduct or to anything purporting to be a complaint about any conduct, to a member of the public do not include references toÑ (a) a person who, at the