Statement and Business Impact Statement process is available from the police and at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/victim- personal-statement 7.1 When can I make a Victim Personal Statement? You can make a Victim Personal Statement at any time prior to sentencing of the offender, however you may not have an opportunity to make it once the court hearing has started, especially if the defendant pleads guilty. For many victims, the best time to make a Victim Personal Statement is when they are told that the suspect has been charged and the full impact of the crime may be clearer. The police may still ask for details of the initial impact when conducting your needs assessment or taking your witness statement. Can I change my mind or update my Victim Personal Statement? Once you have made a Victim Personal Statement, it becomes part of the court papers and you cannot withdraw or change it. However, if you remember something important, or feel that the impact of the crime on you has changed, you may make another statement. Will the defendant be able to see my Victim Personal Statement? If the case reaches court, the defendant will usually be allowed to read your personal statement. As with other evidence, if the court agrees it is relevant to the case, the defence can ask you questions about the contents of your personal statement. If your statement is read aloud in court, what is said could be reported by the media. Further questions or help recording your Victim Personal Statement If you have questions about making a Victim Personal Statement, how it will be used or what to include, you can speak with the police, Witness Care Unit or a support service for victims of crime. They can also help you to record it. Victim Personal Statements in parole hearings or tariff review36 hearings 7.9 You can ask that your original Victim Personal Statement be used at tariff review hearings and at Parole Board hearings. However, you are entitled to write a new Victim Personal Statement for these hearings, where you are able explain how the crime continues to affect you and/or your family, and the impact that any outcome at one of these hearings may have on you. Different rules apply to a Victim Personal Statement made to the Parole Board, (see Right 11). 36 The minimum term of those offenders detained at Her MajestyÕs Pleasure can be reviewed by the High Court once the offender has served half of their original minimum term, in light of progress and development made by the offender. This reflects the fact that young people change more rapidly than adults, in a way that may not have been fully apparent at the time of sentencing. Victims or the family of a deceased victim may submit a Victim Personal Statement to the High Court. 1 Right 8: To be given information about the trial, trial process and your role as a witness 8.1 If the case goes to court, you have the