specified work to be carried out by or on behalf of a specified local authority. (3) To be specified under subsection (2)(b) a local authority must beÑ (a) the local authority that issued the community protection notice; (b) if the community protection notice was not issued by a local authority, the local authority (or, as the case may be, one of the local authorities) that could have issued it. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 27 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) A requirement imposed under subsection (2)(b) does not authorise the person carrying out the work to enter the defendant's home without the defendant's consent. But this does not prevent a defendant who fails to give that consent from being in breach of the court's order. (5) In subsection (4) Òthe defendant's homeÓ means the house, flat, vehicle or other accommodation where the defendantÑ (a) usually lives, or (b) is living at the time when the work is or would be carried out. (6) If work is carried out under subsection (2)(b) and the local authority specified under that subsection issues a notice to the defaulterÑ (a) giving details of the work that was carried out, and (b) specifying an amount that is no more than the cost to the authority of having the work carried out, the defaulter is liable to the authority for that amount (subject to the outcome of any appeal under subsection (7)). (7) A person issued with a notice under subsection (6) may appeal to a magistrates' court, within the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the notice was issued, on the ground that the amount specified under subsection (6)(b) is excessive. (8) A magistrates' court hearing an appeal under subsection (7) mustÑ (a) confirm the amount, or (b) substitute a lower amount. 50 Forfeiture of item used in commission of offence (1) A court before which a person is convicted of an offence under section 48 may order the forfeiture of any item that was used in the commission of the offence. (2) An order under this section may require a person in possession of the item to hand it over as soon as reasonably practicableÑ (a) to a constable, or (b) to a person employed by a local authority or designated by a local authority under section 53(1)(c). (3) An order under this section may require the itemÑ (a) to be destroyed, or (b) to be disposed of in whatever