10.7 If the Sergeant considers at any time during the probationary period that a Student Officer is not fit physically or mentally to perform the duties of the office, or they are not likely to become an efficient or well-conducted Constable, they may recommend that the Chief Constable dispense with their services. The Student Officer will be served with a notice informing them of that possibility and be afforded the support of a Police Federation representative or Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if requested. 10.8 The Inspector will review the evidence submitted by the Sergeant in respect of a recommendation to dispense with the services of a Student Officer and shall require that officer attend a 2nd Formal Attendance Review meeting with them. The Student Officer has the right to be accompanied by a Police Federation representative or Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if the officer wishes. 10.9 On appearing before their Inspector, the Student Officer may make their representations, after which the Inspector may decide to: a. recommend the Student OfficerÕs services be dispensed with under Regulation 13, or b. Instruct a further Formal Support Plan is put in place providing clear detail of the expectations. This should include specific but realistic timeframes for achievement with regular, documented reviews and should not exceed a 3 month period unless there are extenuating circumstances to justify a longer period. c. Should the existing formal support plan still be live, this could be extended for no longer than 3 months unless there are extenuating circumstances to justify a longer period. 10.10 In the event the Inspector informs the SO that they will be recommending their services be dispensed with under Regulation 13, the required notice under regulations (Regulation 13 Police Regulations 2003) shall be signed by the Inspector and served on the Student Officer. 10.11 The Student Officer will be formally invited to attend a formal Regulation 13 hearing with the Chief Constable so that he can fully consider this recommendation. 10.12 The Student Officer will be advised of his/her right to be supported by a Federation representative or a Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if the officer wishes at this meeting. (See Regulation 13 step by step guidance). 10.13 Should the Chief Constable confirm the Student OfficerÕs services are being dispensed with, they shall receive either one monthÕs notice, or one monthÕs pay in lieu thereof. Both the Apprenticeship Consultant and the HEI should be informed of this decision. 1.1 11. Misconduct 11.1 Where there is concern that a Student Officers conduct is serious in nature, a report will be submitted to the Professional Standards Department who will assess as to what level of misconduct it is to be treated. If deemed so serious that it could amount to Gross Misconduct and therefore dismissal is a potential outcome, then as stated within Section 7 of the Home Office Guidance, the misconduct will be dealt with under the Police Conduct Regulations 2020 and not under the Regulation 13 process. 11.2 The Force must be advised promptly by the