terrorism. (6) Nothing in subsection (5) confers a power to search any person, but the power to search in that subsection is in addition to the power in subsection (1) to search a terrorist offender. (7) The power in subsection (1) to search a terrorist offender includes power to search anything carried by the offender. (8) Subsection (5) of section 43B applies for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that section. (9) In this sectionÑ Òsearch conditionÓ means a condition requiring the offender to submit to a search of their person under this section; Òterrorist offenderÓ has the same meaning as in section 43B. Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 4 Ð Management of terrorist offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 233 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (10) A person who has the powers of a constable in one part of the United Kingdom may exercise a power under this section in any part of the United Kingdom.Ó 186 Search of premises of offender released on licence for purposes connected with protection from risk of terrorism After section 43C of the Terrorism Act 2000 insertÑ Ò43D Search of premises of offender released on licence for purposes connected with protection from risk of terrorism (1) A justice may issue a warrant under this section if, on the application of a senior police officer of the relevant force, the justice is satisfied that the requirements in subsection (2) are met. (2) The requirements areÑ (a) that the person specified in the application is a relevant offender who has been released on licence (and not recalled), (b) that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the person resides, or may regularly be found, at premises (whether residential or otherwise) specified in the application, (c) that it is necessary, for purposes connected with protecting members of the public from a risk of terrorism, for a constable to enter and search premises specified in the application, and (d) the occupier of the premises is unlikely to consent to a constable entering or searching the premises specified in the application. (3) A warrant under this section must specify each set of premises to which it relates (which are to be premises in relation to which the requirements in subsection (2) (b) to (d) are met). (4) A warrant under this section is a warrant that authorises a constable of the relevant force, for the purposes referred to in subsection (2)(c)Ñ (a) to enter the premises to which it relates, and (b) to