sporting activity is part of a training programme or otherwise carried out in duty time under a specific order (e.g. PSU training). RELEASE FOR COMMUNITY / VOLUNTEERING LEAVE Wiltshire Police and the OPCC value the importance of volunteering, both to the community and to employees. Wiltshire Police and the OPCC are committed to actively supporting and promoting volunteering as an opportunity to contribute to the community, build and develop skills, knowledge, experience and resources, and add personal value to fulfilling activities. Wiltshire residents, community groups and public, private and voluntary and faith organisations all play important roles to work collaboratively and make a positive difference to WiltshireÕs communities. It is essential to recognise the value of these types of activities in reducing and preventing crime. Through community engagement and working together we will be able to build strong communities and use our collective resources and creativity to provide local solutions to local problems. To support this, Wiltshire Police and the OPCC promote volunteering and encourage employees to volunteer their help, time and support to make a difference to their local community. Volunteering provides a range of benefits for our employees. Employees can take a more active involvement with causes that they care about, whilst at the same time gaining experience and skills to help with their personal development. This can also help the Force raise its profile in the local community, and as a progressive employer. The main benefits include: • Inspires employees to become more involved in their communities. • Supports employee development in gaining new skills, knowledge and experiences. • Provides opportunities to share skills, talents and creativity to support their local area and help build a stronger, more resilient community. • Improves employee engagement. • Employees take a lead in developing relationships and partnerships within the community. • Sets a positive example to other organisations/business partners. • Supports the health and wellbeing of the workforce. Key principles The volunteering activity will: • Support the learning and development needs of the employee. • • Support the sharing of skills, talents and creativity. • Support the Wiltshire Police Control Strategy Objectives or, • Support the Police and Crime Plan Priorities • Add value/benefit to the local community. • Be with a registered charity, recognised voluntary organisation, recognised community or youth group, or will be in response to a local crisis or need for local emergency aid. Line Managers may authorise paid time off to a member of staff who is committed to volunteering in the community up to a maximum of two days, or equivalent contracted hours, per leave year. Duties will not be changed to facilitate on-duty attendance and time off will not be granted if any overtime payments to other staff are reasonably foreseeable as a consequence. Time off for volunteering, whether paid or unpaid, will always be subject to the exigencies of the service and staff are expected to participate in their own time if this coincides with the day of the event. The options for