State shall not be required by subsection (5) to lay before Parliament, or may exclude from what he does so lay, anything the publication of which, in his opinion— would be against the interests of national security; could prejudice the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders; or could jeopardise the safety of any person. In discharging any function to which a code of practice under this section relates, a chief officer of police shall have regard to the code.” 4 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 – Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Powers to require inspection and report In section 54 of the 1996 Act (appointment and functions of inspectors of constabulary), after subsection (2A) there shall be inserted— “(2B) The Secretary of State may at any time require the inspectors of constabulary to carry out an inspection under this section of— a police force maintained for any police area; the National Criminal Intelligence Service; or the National Crime Squad; and a requirement under this subsection may include a requirement for the inspection to be confined to a particular part of the force, Service or Squad in question, to particular matters or to particular activities of that force, Service or Squad. (2C) Where the inspectors carry out an inspection under subsection (2B), they shall send a report on that inspection to the Secretary of State.”; and in section 55(1) of that Act (publication of reports) for “or (2A)” there shall be substituted “ , (2A) or (2C) ”. In section 41 of the Police (Northern Ireland) Act 1998 (c. 32) (appointment and functions of inspectors), after subsection (3) there shall be inserted— “(3A) The Secretary of State may at any time require the inspectors to carry out an inspection under this section of— the Police Service of Northern Ireland; or the National Criminal Intelligence Service; and a requirement under this subsection may include a requirement for the inspection to be confined to a particular part of the Service in question, to particular matters or to particular activities of that Service. (3B) Where the inspectors carry out an inspection under subsection (3A), they shall send a report on that inspection to the Secretary of State.”; and in section 42(1) of that Act (publication of reports) for “or (3)” there shall be substituted “ , (3) or (3B) ”. Directions to police authorities For section 40 of the 1996 Act (power to give directions in response to report on an inspection of a police force carried out for