which is addressed through the tactical menu (or set of operational responses). This general structure is replicated at three distinct Levels of policing: Level 1 (local), Level 2 (cross border) and Level 3 (national/international). Mutual dependence is […] apparent, with priorities set at each level ultimately influencing those at the others. (Maguire and John 2006: 73). Much of the NIM is orientated around traditional, enforcement-type policing methods. For example, the tactical menu includes managing specific hotspots, targeting specific offenders or investigating a series of crimes. It also includes, however, using preventative measures such as community action programmes (Tilley 2003). Community intelligence is acknowledged to be one type of intelligence that can be fed into the model, and this is obtained from the general public when they report what they know to the police (Maguire and John 2006). As Hughes and Rowe (2007) have pointed out, community policing and intelligence-led policing used to be at odds with each other, in that the former was seen as a distraction from ‘real’ policing and the latter was seen as a more efficient and sophisticated policing method. However, since the terrorist attacks in 2001, the local and the global are increasingly viewed as linked. Local information can have an important relevance for national and international events. Thus the police are careful to ensure that all three Levels in the NIM influence the others, and that gains in community intelligence made through improved community relations with the police are fed into the NIM, wherever relevant (Hughes and Rowe 2007). As intelligence-led policing is closely concerned with ‘efficient’ use of police resources and deployment, it was easy to develop it into a management tool as well, to be used across the entire police organisation. Intelligence-led policing was intended to be applicable to all police officers and all areas of police work – not just to specialist units. This means that the police work which stems from intelligence-lead policing does not necessarily have to be enforcement orientated, or geared towards the traditional policing methods. Indeed, if intelligence generated about an area identifies a problem that needs to be solved, community action or partnership approaches may be better suited to the task. This shows that while intelligence-lead policing was designed to be proactive in nature, does not have to be and in some cases should not be. Thus one cannot assume the proactive police work and intelligence-led policing are the same thing (Maguire and John 2006). However, this distinction seems to have been lost on some officers involved in intelligence-led policing. The NIM is associated with intelligence-led policing and therefore, by association, to proactive investigation methods, which are the preserve of specialist investigation units. Instead of becoming a tool by which the entire organisation could do its business more effectively, it is seen as an additional method and an imposition. During the time when the NIM was first introduced, reassurance policing had begun and it appears as though these methods initially were seen to conflict. As discussed above,