disputes of liability to pay a fixed penalty issued in lieu of prosecution 22 Formal representations and appeals against civil penalty notices for littering from vehicles 24 11O.0 Non-payment of fixed penalty notices in lieu of prosecution - prosecuting offenders 27 11P.0 Non-payment of civil penalty notices for littering from vehicles 28 11Q.0 Reporting 28 Appraising enforcement 29 11A.0 Enforcement action Ð prosecution and other penalties 11A.1 Littering, the unauthorised distribution of free printed material, graffiti, fly- posting, and breach of a PSPO are all criminal offences, for which enforcing authorities may bring prosecutions in the magistratesÕ courts, or may issue fixed penalties in lieu of prosecution. If a littering offence is committed from a vehicle, litter authorities (district councils in England outside London) may issue a civil penalty which carries no criminal liability to the keeper of the vehicle from which the offence is committed. (See paragraphs 11A.5 to 11J.9 for more information on the relationship between these criminal and civil penalties.) 11A.2 Fixed penalties can provide enforcing authorities with an effective and visible way of responding to environmental crimes, and provide a lower-cost alternative to prosecution in the magistratesÕ courts. There is no obligation on an enforcing authority to offer an alleged offender the option of paying a fixed penalty. Equally, as a fixed penalty offers an option to discharge liability for an offence, an alleged offender may choose not to accept or pay a fixed penalty, and choose instead to defend the case in court (at the risk of being liable for a potentially higher penalty on conviction). Since issuing a fixed penalty notice is an alternative to prosecution, if an alleged offender does not pay a fixed penalty, the enforcing authority should be prepared to prosecute them for the original offence. Failure to follow up on unpaid fixed penalty notices will undermine their effectiveness as an enforcement tool. Therefore, the authority must ensure it collects sufficient evidence which can be used in court, is reliable and credible. 11A.3 In some circumstances, (domestic waste receptacle offences, and keeper liability for littering from vehicles), where criminal liability would be considered disproportionate, civil penalties are available to maintain the deterrent threat of enforcement. Civil penalty notices are not an alternative to prosecution, and an unpaid penalty notice may be recovered by the enforcing authority as a civil debt, or as if under an order of the county court. Since there is no opportunity for the recipient of a civil penalty to defend their case in court, authorities using these civil penalties must also provide a formal process for considering representations and appeals against these penalties (as set out in the relevant regulations). 11A.4 Fixed penalty notices should only be used for the offence for which they were created. Failing to abide by this rule may make prosecution for the original offence problematic if the case is pursued through the courts after a fixed penalty notice goes unpaid. This in turn could create further problems for an authority if it