at the start of each working day. Further guidance on information and instruction to staff, and on working with dangerous substances is given in Part 2, Section 7.3. Co-operation and co-ordination In premises that are not multi-occupied you are likely to be solely responsible. However, in buildings owned by someone else, or where there is more than one occupier, and others are responsible for different parts of the building, it is important that you liaise with them and inform them of any significant risks that you have identified. By liaising you can co-ordinate your resources to ensure that your actions and working practices do not place others at risk if there is a fire, and a co-ordinated emergency plan operates effectively. Where two or more responsible persons share premises in which an explosive atmosphere may occur, the responsible person with overall responsibility for the premises must co-ordinate any measures necessary to protect everyone from any risk that may arise. Employees also have a responsibility to co-operate with their employer so far as it is necessary to help the employer comply with any legal duty. Further information on co-operation and co-ordination is given in Part 2, Section 7.3. 34 4.4 Fire safety training You must provide adequate fire safety training for your staff. The type of training should be based on the particular features of your premises and should: • take account of the findings of the fire risk assessment; • explain your emergency procedures; • take account of the work activity and explain the duties and responsibilities of staff; • take place during normal working hours and be repeated periodically where appropriate; • be easily understandable by your staff and other people who may be present; and • be tested by fire drills. In small premises this may be no more than showing new staff the fire exits and giving basic training on what to do if there is a fire. In larger premises, such as a supermarket with a high staff turnover and many shift patterns, the organisation of fire safety training will need to be planned. Your staff training should include the following: • what to do on discovering a fire; • how to raise the alarm and what happens then; • what to do upon hearing the fire alarm; • the procedures for alerting members of the public and visitors including, where appropriate, directing them to exits; • the arrangements for calling the fire and rescue service; • the evacuation procedures for everyone in your office or shop to reach an assembly point at a place of total safety; • the location and, when appropriate, the use of firefighting equipment; • the location of escape routes, especially those not in regular use; • how to open all emergency exit doors; • the importance of keeping fire doors closed to prevent the spread of fire, heat and smoke; • where appropriate, how to stop machines and processes and isolate power supplies in the event of a fire; •