if, during the relevant period, the premises were used for activities related to one or more specified prostitution offences. But this subsection does not apply if only one person obtained all of the sexual services in question (whether or not on a single occasion). This subsection applies if, during the relevant period, the premises were used for activities related to one or more specified pornography offences. In subsections (3) and (4), “the relevant period” means the period of 3 months ending with the day on which the officer is considering whether to authorise the issue of the notice. The second condition is that the officer has reasonable grounds for believing that the making of a closure order under section 136D is necessary to prevent the premises being used for activities related to one or more specified prostitution or pornography offences. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 151 The third condition is that the officer is satisfied— that the local authority for the area in which the premises are situated has been consulted, and that reasonable steps have been taken to establish the identity of any person who resides on the premises or who has control of or responsibility for or an interest in the premises. For the purposes of the second condition, it does not matter whether the officer believes that the offence or offences in question have been committed or that they will be committed (or will be committed unless a closure order is made). An authorisation under subsection (1) may be given orally or in writing, but if it is given orally the authorising officer must confirm it in writing as soon as it is practicable. The issue of a closure notice may be authorised whether or not a person has been convicted of any specified prostitution or pornography offence that the authorising officer believes has been committed. The Secretary of State may by regulations specify premises or descriptions of premises to which this section does not apply. Contents and service of closure notice 136C(1) A closure notice must— state that no-one other than a person who regularly resides on, or owns, the premises may enter or remain on them, state that failure to comply with the notice amounts to an offence, specify the offence or offences in respect of which the authorising officer considers that the first and second conditions in section 136B are met, state that an application will be made under section 136D for the closure of the premises, specify the date and