Plan. • Publish the local evacuation plan and ensure all staff, new starters, visitors and contractors are made aware of the local arrangements via the Station / Department local emergency plan. 2.4 Communication Control Centre (CCC) In the case of Wiltshire Police Command and Control Centre, it is the responsibility of the CCC Chief Inspector to ensure a definitive fire evacuation and fall back fire evacuation plan is established, disseminated to all relevant staff and tested on an annual basis. 2.5 Custody Suites In the case of Wiltshire Police custody suites, it is the responsibility of the Custody Inspector to ensure a definitive fire evacuation plan for each custody suite is established, disseminated to all relevant staff and tested on an annual basis. All fire actions and building design will be in accordance with the Police Custody Design Guide and Custody APP. 2.6 Nominated Persons for Fire Safety Ð Fire Marshals and Fire Coordinators Wiltshire PoliceÕs fire evacuation procedure use a combination of site specific nominated Fire Marshal and/or Fire Coordinators, as determined by individual fire evacuation plans, Swindon Gablecross and Devizes HQ are the only sites which operate with trained and dedicated Fire Marshals due to their size and the high risk work activities undertaken. All other sites and building utilise nominated Fire Coordinators. The senior person present will assume the fire coordinator role and act as the primary point of contact in the event of an evacuation. In the event of no obvious supervisor. A full list of fire marshal and fire co-ordinator responsibilities checklist can be found in the fire log books. 2.7 All Employees All staff, including contractors and visitors has the following generic responsibilities: • To take reasonable care of their own safety and others affected by their undertakings. • Comply with Force and OPCC policies, procedures, risk assessments, in relation to fire safety management. • Inform management of any fire safety risks or concerns. • To read, understand and comply with the local fire safety arrangements and evacuation plan for their building/department. Familiarise themselves with the location of the fire assembly point, fire escape routes, fire fighting equipment and how to raise the alarm. 3 Consultation Arrangements Wiltshire Police provides regular and in-depth consultation with Unison and Police Federation Safety Representatives. The Staff Associations will be formally consulted on all aspect of fire safety management through membership of the Occupational Health and Safety Committee and are invited to attend audits, inspections and review of risk assessments. 4 General Fire Safety Arrangements 4.1 Standard Fire Procedures ON DISCOVERING A FIRE, • Raise the alarm immediately, by shouting FIRE FIRE FIRE. Actuate your nearest break glass call point and ring 999 • Do not rely on automatic fire warning systems. Summon the fire brigade without delay by the quickest available means. • Only attempt to tackle the fire if is safe to do so and you have been appropriately trained in the use of fire extinguishers • Evacuate the area immediately closing doors and windows behind