and capabilities is limited. Figure 6.3: Types and Methods of Exercising BCM Strategies 21 Complexity Exercise Process Variants Good Practice Frequency ? Simple Desk check Review/ amendment of content Challenge content of BCP Update/validation Audit/verification At least annually Annually Medium Walk- through of plan Simulation Exercise critical activities Challenge content of BCP Use ÔartificialÕ situation to validate that the BCP(s) contain both necessary and sufficient information to enable a successful recovery Include interaction and validate participantsÕ roles Incorporate associated plans Defined operations from alternative site for a fixed time Annually Annually or twice yearly Annually or less Invocation in a controlled situation that does not jeopardise business as usual operation 21 Regulation 4(4)(b), 4(7) Complexity Exercise Process Variants Good Practice Frequency Complex Exercise full BCP including incident management Building-/ campus-/ exclusion zone- wide exercise Annually or less The frequency of exercises should depend upon both the organisationÕs needs, the environment in which it operates, and stakeholder requirements. However, the exercising programme should be flexible, taking into account the rate of change within the organisation and the outcome of previous exercises. The above exercise methods can be employed for individual plan components, and single and multiple plans. 6.80. Exercising can take various forms, from a test of the communications plan, a desk- top walk-through, to a live exercise (See Figure 6.3 above). In all cases though, exercises should be realistic, carefully planned, and agreed with stakeholders, so that there is a minimum risk of disruption to business processes. 6.81. The exercise programme should have the full support of the executive lead for business continuity issues. But the involvement of senior management should not be limited to defining the structure of the programme. In addition to taking part in exercises, senior management should be involved in quality-assuring the exercise programme and endorsing the outcomes. 6.1. 6.82. Figure 6.4 suggests a process for carrying out an exercise programme. Exercising is not about ÔpassingÕ or ÔfailingÕ, it is all about learning lessons. There should be a debrief after each exercise in order to capture the experience of all the participants. What is important is that the captured data is recorded and considered as part of the post-exercise analysis. Figure 6.4: Exercising your BCP Ð the learning cycle 6.83. Every exercise should have clearly defined aims and objectives. A post-exercise debriefing and analysis should be undertaken which considers the achievement against these. 6.84. The post-exercise analysis is usually undertaken individually by the exercise manager or as a meeting of the exercise-planning group. A post-exercise report should be produced that contains recommendations and a timetable for implementation. 6.1. 6.85. This report must be submitted to the executive lead for business continuity within the Category 1 responder organisation for approval of the recommendations. 6.86. Once approval has been obtained, the changes to the BCP can be implemented. This should drive changes to the BCM and will be tested as part of any future exercising programme by the business continuity managers. This process provides the audit trail of