(but see also section 50A(2)(c)), (a) Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 7 Chapter 4B Ð Vetting code of practice Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (b) circumstances in which there will or may be a reason to carry out vetting, (c) different categories of vetting to be carried out in different circumstances, (d) steps that may be taken where certain information is disclosed by vetting. (8) But the code may not include any provision which is inconsistent with provision in regulations made under section 48 in pursuance of section 50A (ongoing vetting of constables). (9) The chief constable may prepare more than one vetting code of practice in order to make different provision for different categories of person, roles or other purposes, and a reference to the vetting code of practice in this section or in section 36D is to be construed accordingly. (10) The chief constable must involve the Authority in the preparation of the vetting code of practice and the Authority must provide the chief constable with such assistance as the chief constable may reasonably require in that regard. (11) The chief constable mustÑ (a) publish the vetting code of practice on a website maintained by or on behalf of the Police Service and in such other manner as the chief constable considers appropriate, and (b) lay a copy of it before the Scottish Parliament. 36D Preparation and revision of the code of vetting practice (1) When preparing the vetting code of practice under section 36C(1), the chief constable mustÑ (a) consult and share a draft withÑ (i) the Scottish Ministers, (ii) His MajestyÕs Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland, (iii) the joint central committee of the Police Federation for Scotland, (iv) such persons as appear to the chief constable to be representative of senior officers, (v) such persons as appear to the chief constable to be representative of superintendents (including chief superintendents), (vi) such persons as appear to the chief constable to represent the collective interests of police staff, (vii) such persons as appear to the chief constable to represent groups of individual constables or members of police staff, or both, characterised by reference to one or more of the following characteristicsÑ (A) disability, (B) race, colour, nationality, or ethnic or national origins, (C) religion, (D) sex, (A) 8 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 4B Ð Vetting code of practice Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (E) sexual orientation, (F) transgender identity, (viii) such other persons as the chief constable considers appropriate, and (b) consider any representations made. (2) The chief constableÑ (a) may review the vetting code of practice from time to time, (b) must review it at least once during each 5 year period beginning