must also proliferate methodologies to calculate how much and who will owe the money to the state. The state must only collect compensatory payments from companies who have emitted more than 1 billion global GHG emissions from 2000 to 2024, and have a physical or economic connection with the state. Policy Analysis This type of policy is novel, and currently, most implementations across states and nations are either in infancy or currently in legal trouble.8 To ascertain the effectiveness of this type of policy, lawmakers should look to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) passed by the US Congress in 1980. This law created a tax on the toxic waste industry to be put into the Superfund so that the EPA could act when something happened that threatened public health or the environment.9 When these events occur, the EPA is given the power to seek out potentially responsible parties and compel them to perform the cleanup or pay for the cleanup to be done.9 This allows the EPA to quickly contain the contaminated area once identified and provide restitution to those who need it. In 2023 alone, the EPA sought out more than $900 million in responsible party commitments, showing that 44 years later, the policy is still effective.10 In application to my proposed policy, this framework from CERCLA shows that this type of policy is effective in collecting funds and providing restitution to those who are affected by negative events, such as in my case, from extreme weather. Other research has found that after the cleaning of a Superfund site, homeownerÕs property values rose by 14.7% if they lived within 3 blocks of the site.11 Superfunds have a quantifiable positive impact on the local communitiesÕ health, by cleaning up a toxic site, and helping them economically by raising their land prices. Highlights • The New Jersey State Legislature should pass a law allowing the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection to collect funds and damages from oil and gas companies to help pay for damage associated with climate change. • Research has found that it would take nearly $25 billion by 2040 to safeguard the livelihoods of New Jerseyans under a moderate sea level rise scenario, given New JerseyÕs increased susceptibility to climate change.5 • A similar federal policy in the US, called the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, has collected funds from toxic chemical companies to aid with cleanup when they were responsible for toxic contamination and has seen extensive success. • This policy should act as a model for potentially interested lawmakers to see the positive effect the Superfund has had on local communities. After a Superfund site had been cleaned up, homeowners saw their property values rise by 14.7%.11 Implementation The lawÕs passage is contingent on a simple majority vote by both the Assembly and Senate, followed by the New Jersey GovernorÕs signature. Incumbent Governor Phil Murphy has supported climate action and has set a goal of reducing emissions by 100%