wide range of professions. The consultation sought views on whether to introduce new statutory measures focused on reporting and acting on child abuse and neglect, in addition to our ongoing programme of wide-ranging reforms. 5. The headline question in the consultation asked which of the following three options was most preferable: • allowing the package of reform measures focused on improving how the whole system responds to child abuse and neglect to be implemented before considering the introduction of additional statutory measures; • the introduction of a duty to act, focused on taking appropriate action in relation to child abuse and neglect, with sanctions for deliberate and reckless failures; or • the introduction of a mandatory reporting duty focused on increasing the reporting of child abuse and neglect. 6. Copies of this document have been placed in the House Library and it is available via the gov.uk website [www.gov.uk]. 2 Summary of responses and conclusions 7. The consultation opened on 21 July 2016 and closed on 13 October 2016, receiving 768 responses. In addition, the Government held a roundtable meeting chaired by the then Minister for Vulnerability, Safeguarding and Countering Extremism. The event was held in Rotherham and was attended by victim and survivor groups and key voluntary organisations. We are grateful to everyone who took the time to respond to the consultation and to provide views on these critical issues. 8. The majority of responses (609) were received via an online survey, with 97 survey responses received offline and another 62 submissions coming via email or post. Responses were received from a wide range of sources, representing different interests and perspectives. This included responses from organisations representing practitioners1 and others in the local government, education, early years and healthcare sectors, as well as responses from the police, childrenÕs charities, survivorsÕ groups and members of the public. A full breakdown can be found in the ÔAnalysisÕ section of this document. A list of organisations which responded can be found at Annex B. 9. The majority of respondents to the consultation (63%) were in favour of allowing the GovernmentÕs existing programme of reforms time to be fully embedded. Only a quarter of respondents (25%) favoured introducing a duty to act, with less than half of that number (12%) favouring the introduction of mandatory reporting. 10. The consultation asked for feedback on the key issues within the current child protection system. The areas where respondents thought that improvement was most needed was in better joint working between different local agencies (93%), further work to encourage new and innovative practice (85%) and better training for practitioners (81%). These are clearly important areas for the Government to focus on in the next stage of our reform programme Ð how we intend to do so is set out in the ÔGovernment actionÕ section below. 11. The majority of respondents (51%) agreed that a duty to act would have an adverse impact on the child protection system (such as impacting recruitment and retention of staff, and