out of sight in the load carrying area of the vehicle. 7.42 The vehicle must not be left unattended when firearms and/or ammunition are being carried. When this is unavoidable, the vehicle should be properly locked with the alarm set and immobilised. 7.43 When moving section 5 items, commercial or Heavy Goods Vehicles should display an orange 12ÕÕ diameter disc clearly on the upper surface of the vehicle to enable identification from the air in the event of an emergency. Section 5 for Professional Purposes 7.44 Where vehicles in which section 5 firearms are carried for professional use, e.g. vets, are not fitted with immobilisers or alarms, then aftermarket systems should be fitted should be fitted. 7.13 7.45 Firearms should always be stored in the locked boot or other secured, preferably unglazed, load carrying area of the vehicle. 7.46 The firearm and ammunition should not be stored together. Where the boot or load carrying area is the most practical place, ammunition should be locked in an appropriate container, secured to the vehicle. 7.47 If a handgun, it should be kept in a locked container secured to the vehicle. 7.48 Provision should be made for the securing of other firearms to the vehicles structure, e.g. security case, cage, cable or clamp. For Display Purposes 7.49 Collections of firearms being transported for display or exhibition should be carried in accordance with conditions (given above) which are applicable to the class of weapon being carried. 7.50 Where articles are being transported within display cases, the vehicles selected should allow for all cases to be within the closed luggage or goods area of the vehicle. 7.51 Where the vehicle has windows into the load carrying area, the cases should be covered to prevent identification of the contents. 7.52 Whilst loading/unloading, the vehicle must either be continuously attended or be secured between each operation. The Carriage of Dangerous Goods and Use of Transportable Pressure Equipment Regulations 7.53 When transporting ammunition and propellants, care should be taken to ensure that the limits applicable to the class of vehicle being used comply with the permitted amounts in the Regulations. Guidance for commercial carriage can be found in the above Regulations and the current edition of the international carriage regulations, ADR. For the individual carrying the limited quantities permitted for their own use, a summary of the safe and secure carriage requirements published by the Health and Safety Executive can be found in Annex B. 7.13 ANNEX A SECURITY: GENERAL CONSTRUCTION & STANDARDS 1. These specifications are a guide to the types of construction which provide a good standard of security and do not exclude other methods which would afford a similar standard. The security required should be reasonable for the individual situation, but these specifications should provide a standard against which to measure any alternative proposals. 2. Certain recommendations in this section involve structural adaptation. You need to ensure that any recommendation you make will not cause any damage to load bearing of floors or walls. It