frequently takes the form of calendars and/ or letters. The site operator / pipeline owner also has a duty under the above legislation to warn the public of a major accident when they occur. However, the task group still needs to designate a lead responder(s) to ensure that warning and informing arrangements are maintained Ð this might involve site visits, assessment of existing warning infrastructure, and provision 1 Radiation (Emergency Preparedness and Public Information) Regulations (2001) (REPPIR); Control of Major Accident Hazards Regulations (1999) (COMAH); Pipelines Safety Regulations (1996) (PSR). PAGE 10 of safety information outside of the PIZ. Again, the task group should walk- through the scenario Ð in the pre-incident phase, all Category 1 responders could theoretically take a lead role. As an example, Cheshire LRF has agreed that the police will be the lead responder agency for several scenarios involving COMAH, REPPIR, and Major Accident Hazard Pipelines. In that case, the task group agreed that the police would be the lead responder for warning and informing during the response phase, as local arrangements require that agencies coordinate all safety messages issued to the public for these types of incident (whether supplementary to the operatorÕs initial warning, an initial warning as a result of an operatorÕs failure to warn, and / or subsequent safety action information, such as ÔGo In, Stay In, Tune InÕ. In the recovery phase, the lead responder changes to the local authorities, with key input from healthcare agencies. o Outcomes? In this example, there are two major changes in lead responder for this scenario: police Ð local authority / health agencies. Again, from a preparedness perspective, the task group may wish to select one agency to take the lead. Its role would be to lead on the preparations for (a) maintaining arrangements to warn and inform, and (b) educating the public about risk. And as indicated above, all the other Category 1 responders would have a duty to assist that lead agency in completing these tasks. It is likely that, as the task group assesses through each hazard sub-category, they will find that a natural rhythm develops within the task group, with patterns emerging as they proceed. The key factor to remember is that this is very much a partnership exercise with support flowing from all partners involved in managing communications in an emergency. Even if a particular Category 1 responder is assigned more lead responder tasks than another, it should expect to receive the full support and cooperation of all other responders. The selected lead responders need to be recorded on the LRFÕs adapted Community Risk Register. Step 4 Carry out a gap analysis: o What systems and arrangements are already in place in the LRF area? o What level of capability is in place already and what are the limitations? o Where are the gaps in local capability? To develop effective plans and deliver suitable warning and informing arrangements, it is important to assess the existing capabilities and limitations for communicating with