18-21, 15% victims aged 22-25, 7% involved victims aged 26-30, 3% victims aged 31+. • 97 cases involved victims with disabilities. • 12 involved victims who identified as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender. It is essential to identify and draw the distinction with arranged marriages, which are fully supported in our multi-cultural and diverse society, where the arrangement is based on compatibility, choice and consent (informed & free consent). As can be seen from FMUÕs cases there is evidence to support that LGBT+ people from within affected communities are being forced into marriage to conceal or ÔcureÕ their sexuality or address their gender identity. In addition there is also a wealth of evidence, which highlights that people with disabilities e.g. people with mental illness have been or are being forced into marriage. It is suspected that there are a number of reasons for this including; • parents wishing to find a partner for their disabled adult children, who can then care for them as the parents grow older; • Assisting claims for residence and citizenship in the UK; and • Retaining wealth, property or land within the family. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 Section 121 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 creates an offence of forced marriage in England and Wales as follows: A person commits an offence under the law of England and Wales if he or she Ð (a) uses violence, threats or any other form of coercion for the purpose of causing another person to enter into a marriage, and (b) believes, or ought reasonably to believe, that the conduct may cause the other person to enter into the marriage without free and full consent. S121 (3) then goes on to state a person commits an offence under the law of England and Wales if he or she Ð (a) practices any form of deception with the intention of causing another person to leave the United Kingdom, (b) intends the other person to be subjected to conduct outside the United Kingdom that is an offence under subsection (1) or would be an offence under that subsection if the victim were in England or Wales. S121(4) explains that Marriage means any religious or civil ceremony of marriage (whether or not legally binding). An arranged marriage is very different to a forced marriage. In an arranged marriage, both parties enter into the marriage freely. Families of each spouse take a leading role in arranging the marriage and this usually includes the choice of partner. However, the choice of whether or not to accept the arrangements remains with the prospective spouses. In forced marriage, one or both spouses do not consent to the marriage, and duress is involved. However, It is important for officers and staff to note that lines between arranged and forced marriage are not always as clear as they may seem. Women may say that they have had an arranged marriage but when questioned about what would have happened if they had