to be in PÕs possession; or (c) to be under PÕs control. (a) 98 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 4 Ð Unauthorised encampments CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) ÒRelevant propertyÓ meansÑ (a) a vehicle (wherever located) which, for the purposes of section 60C(1) (b) (in the case of an offence under section 60C(2)(a)) or for the purposes of section 60C(2)(b)(ii) (in the case of an offence under section 60C(2)(b)), the constable suspects P had or intended to have with them, or (b) any other property that is on the relevant land. (3) The Òrelevant landÓ is the land in respect of which a request under section 60C(1)(d) is made. (4) The relevant chief officer of police may retain any property that has been seized under subsection (1) until the end of the period of three months beginning with the day of the seizure (Òthe relevant periodÓ). (5) But the relevant chief officer of police ceases to be entitled to retain the property if before the end of the relevant period a custody officer gives written notice to P that P is not to be prosecuted for the offence under section 60C in relation to which the property was seized. (And see subsection (10)). (6) Subsection (7) applies where before the end of the relevant period proceedings for an offence under section 60C are commenced against P. (7) Where this subsection applies the relevant chief officer of police may retain the property seized until the conclusion of proceedings relating to the offence (including any appeal) (but see subsection (10)). (8) Where a chief officer of police ceases to be entitled to retain property under this section the chief officer must, subject to any order for forfeiture under section 60E, return it to the person whom the chief officer believes to be its owner. (9) If a chief officer of police cannot after reasonable inquiry identify a person for the purposes of subsection (8)Ñ (a) the chief officer must apply to a magistratesÕ court for directions, and (b) the court must make an order about the treatment of the property. (10) If at any time a person other than P satisfies a chief officer of police that property that is retained by the chief officer under this sectionÑ (a) belongs to the person at that time, and (b) belonged to them at the time of the suspected offence under section 60C, the chief officer must return the property to the person. (11) Subsection (10) does not apply in