team referred to in paragraph 1(4)(a); or in the case of a detention order made under paragraph 12(4)(b), the youth offending team referred to in paragraph 12(3)(a).] SCHEDULE 6 Section 80 Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Part 1 Amendments Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 (c. 36) (policing of aerodromes) has effect subject to the following amendments. Omit section 25 (designated airports) and the cross-heading before it. Omit section 25A (consultation about policing of designated airports). Before section 25B (police services agreements) insert— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “Policing of aerodromes to which Part 2A applies 183 Relevant aerodromes 25AA(1) In this Part, “relevant aerodrome” means an aerodrome to which Part 2A applies (other than an aerodrome specified in an order under subsection (2)). The Secretary of State may by order provide that a specified aerodrome to which Part 2A applies is not a relevant aerodrome for the purposes of this Part. In subsection (2) “specified” means specified in the order. The power to make an order under this section is exercisable by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” For section 25B substitute— “25B Police services agreements There must be a police services agreement in force in relation to a relevant aerodrome at any time when an aerodrome security plan containing policing measures is in force in relation to the aerodrome. The requirement in subsection (1) does not apply during the period of 3 months beginning with the day when the first aerodrome security plan for the aerodrome is agreed by the members of the security executive group for the aerodrome. A police services agreement is an agreement between the relevant persons which specifies— the level of policing to be provided for the aerodrome in accordance with section 26(2A) during the period for which the agreement is in force, whether any payments are to be made by the manager of the aerodrome in connection with that policing and, if so, the amount of the payments or the manner in which their amount is to be assessed, and the accommodation and facilities (if any) that are to be provided by the manager in connection with that policing. The relevant persons are— the manager of the aerodrome, the police authority for the relevant police area, and the chief officer of police for that area. 184 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 –