acceptable. If you decide that your existing arrangements are not satisfactory there may be other ways to comply with fire safety law. This means there is no obligation to adopt any particular solution in this guide if you prefer to meet the relevant requirement in some other way. Where the building has been recently constructed or significantly altered, the fire detection and warning arrangements, escape routes and facilities for the fire and rescue service should have been designed, constructed and installed in accordance with current building regulations. In such cases, it is likely that these measures will be satisfactory as long as they are being properly maintained and no significant increase in risk has been introduced. In addition, earlier legislation, including local authorities acts may have imposed additional requirements for fire precautions in large offices and shops. This guide should not be used to design fire safety in new buildings. Where alterations are proposed to existing offices and shops, they may be subject to building regulations. However, it can be used to develop the fire safety strategy for the building. 3 Introduction WHO SHOULD USE THIS GUIDE? This guide is for all employers, managers, occupiers and owners of offices and shops. Details of other guides in the series are listed on the back cover. It tells you about how you might comply with fire safety law, helps you to carry out a fire risk assessment and identify the general fire precautions you need to have in place. This guide is intended for premises where the main use of the building or part of the building is an office or shop. It may also be suitable for the individual units within other complexes, although consultation with the other managers will be necessary as part of an integrated risk assessment for the complex. Also, where you handle and store flammable materials and substances, it will help you take account of these in your risk assessment and help you determine the necessary precautions to take to minimise the likelihood of them being involved in a fire. It has been written to provide guidance for a responsible person, to help them to carry out a fire risk assessment in less complex offices and shops. If you read the guide and decide that you are unable to apply the guidance, then you should seek expert advice from a competent person. More complex premises will probably need to be assessed by a person who has comprehensive training or experience in fire risk assessment. However this guide can be used for multi-occupied buildings to address fire safety issues within their individual occupancies. It may also be useful for: • employees; • employee-elected representatives; • trade union-appointed health and safety representatives; • enforcing authorities; and • all other people who have a role in ensuring fire safety in offices and shops. If your premises are listed as of historic interest, also see Appendix C. Fire safety is only one of many safety issues with which management must concern