ultimately be more costly than community sentences if an offender breaches conditions of their suspended sentence and receives a custodial sentence. Costs represent the national average fully apportioned cost based on delivery by 35 Probation Trusts in 2012/13. Unit costs are calculated from the total fully apportioned cost of relevant services divided by starts in that year and do not consider which elements of cost are fixed and which will vary based o_n_s_e_rv_ic_e volumes. Major chanqes to the volume, Risks/Limitations length or content of community sentences or the. characteristics of the offender population could affect • the unit cost. The costs consist of costs for both (a) managing the sentence and (b) delivering court-ordered requirements. Excludes centrally managed contract costs for Electronic Monitoring and Sentence Order Attendance Centres. Remember your rights whilst detained The rights in this Notice are guaranteed to you under the law in England and Wales and comply with EU Directive 2012/13 on the right to information in criminal proceedings. 1. Tell the police if you want a solicitor to help you while you are at the police station. This is free. 2. Tell the police if you want someone to be told where you are. This is free. 3. Tell the police if you want to look at their rules Ð they are called the Codes of Practice. 4. Tell the police if you need medical help. Tell the police if you feel ill or have been injured. Medical help is free. 5. If you are asked questions about a suspected offence, you do not have to say anything. However, it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. 6. The police must tell you about the offence they think you have committed and why you have been arrested and are being detained. 7. The police must let you or your solicitor see records and documents about why you have been arrested and are being detained and about your time at the police station. 8. If you need an interpreter, the police must get you one. You can also have certain documents translated. This is free 9. Tell the police if you are not British and you want to contact your embassy or consulate or want them to be told you are detained. This is free. 10. The police must tell you how long they can detain you for. 11. If you are charged and your case goes to court, you or your solicitor will have a right to see the prosecution evidence before the court hearing. This version of the Notice of Rights and Entitlements has effect from 21 August 2019 1. Getting a solicitor to help you • A solicitor can help and advise you about the law. • Asking to speak to a solicitor does not make it look like you have done anything wrong. • The Police Custody Officer must ask you