of this information is mandatory and overrides any restriction on disclosure which might otherwise apply, in handling and sharing information in all other contexts you should continue to have regard to relevant legislation and guidance, including the Data Protection Act 1998 and any guidance for your profession. The provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998 do not prevent a mandatory report to the police from being made. While the legislation requires a report to be made to the police, it does not specify the process for making the report. If you have a formal agreement with the relevant team in the police that reports can be made to them directly, then reports may be made this way. In all cases you should ensure that you are given a reference number for the case and that you keep a record of it. 2.3a Making a report It is recommended that you make a report orally by calling 101, the single non-emergency number. When you call 101, the system will determine your location and connect you to the police force covering that area. You will hear a recorded message announcing the police force you are being connected to. You will then be given a choice of which force to be connected to Ð if you are calling with a report relating to an area outside the force area which you are calling from, you can ask to be directed to that force. 6 As required by section 5B (5)(c) of the 2003 Act (as amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015) Calls to 101 are answered by trained police officers and staff in the control room of the local police force. The call handler will log the call and refer it to the relevant team within the force, who will call you back to ask for additional information and discuss the case in more detail. You should be prepared to provide the call handler with the following information: • explain that you are making a report under the FGM mandatory reporting duty • your details: o name o contact details (work telephone number and e-mail address) and times when you will be available to be called back o role o place of work • details of your organisationÕs designated safeguarding lead: o name o contact details (work telephone number and e-mail address) o place of work • the girlÕs details: o name o age/date of birth o address • if applicable, confirm that you have undertaken, or will undertake, safeguarding actions, as required by the Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate. You will be given a reference number for the call and should ensure that you document this in your records (see section 2.3b). 2.3b Record keeping Throughout the process, you should ensure that you keep a comprehensive record of any discussions held and subsequent decisions made, in line with standard safeguarding practice. This will include the circumstances surrounding the initial