a circuit judge; appeals against orders made by circuit judges should normally be made to a High Court Judge. A young person may appeal a decision made by the Youth Court to the Crown Court under section 46B of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. Appeals to the Crown Court are governed by Part 63 of the Criminal Procedure Rules 2010. Applications for permission to appeal must normally be filed within 21 days of the court decision, or within any shorter period specified by the court. Applicants must also file a skeleton argument detailing the grounds for their appeal after filing the appeal notice (except in an appeal against a decision to refuse to grant an injunction under section 41 of the 2009 Act). 13.1. Appealing an injunction made Ôwith noticeÕ In relation to Ôwith noticeÕ injunctions, applicants must give notice of their appeal to the respondent as soon as possible and, in any event, no later than 7 days after the appeal is filed. 13.2. Appealing an injunction made Ôwithout noticeÕ In relation to Ôwithout noticeÕ injunctions, the applicant is not required to give notice to the respondent when appealing a court decision to refuse to grant an interim injunction (when the court has already adjourned proceedings).52 However, the applicant is required to give notice to the respondent when appealing a court decision to dismiss an injunction application Ôwithout noticeÕ (when the court has already decided against adjourning proceedings). 52 CPR 52.4(4) 49 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 14. Promoting awareness of gang injunctions 14.1. Communicating the use or intended use of gang injunctions Applicants may wish to communicate that they are using, or are intending to use, gang injunctions in the local area. Communicating this information may increase community confidence in the local response to gang problems, reassure the community that gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing can be reported safely, and act as a deterrent against joining gangs or perpetrating violence or drug-dealing as part of a gang. General information about gang injunctions may be communicated through consultation partners, the local press and media, or any other appropriate medium. 14.2. Publicising details of particular gang injunctions Publicising the details of a respondent could put them at risk of harm from rival gangs and may breach their human rights. Applicants should take into account any court orders relating to disclosure and are encouraged to be mindful of the risks associated with publicity, to consider the value and appropriateness of publicity on a case by case basis, and to obtain legal advice about these and other data protection concerns before publicising these details. However, applicants may decide that the benefits of publicising a particular injunction are significant and that publicity is appropriate. The following considerations are important to this decision: • Age Ð where the respondent is aged 14 to 17, applicants should be aware of the discretional reporting restrictions that may apply under section 39 of the Children and Young Persons Act