working in private education and healthcare. Where regulated professionals/teachers working in private education or healthcare identify a case of FGM which falls within the mandatory reporting duty, they are required to make a report to the police, provided the case was discovered in the course of their professional duties. I am a relevant professional working in Scotland/Northern Ireland Ð do I have to comply with this duty? No. The FGM mandatory reporting duty applies in England and Wales only. If you are a teacher or regulated health or social care professional working in Scotland or Northern Ireland, the duty does not apply Ð you should continue to comply with your existing safeguarding responsibilities. 8 S5B(11) of the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 defines a Òsocial care workerÓ as a person registered in a register maintained by the Care Council for Wales under section 56 of the Care Standards Act 2000. Education professionals Which teachers are within scope of the duty? In England, the scope of the duty is in line with the regulatory coverage of the National College for Teaching and Leadership (NCTL). The duty applies to any teacher who is employed or engaged to carry out Ôteaching workÕ, whether or not they have qualified teacher status, in maintained schools, academies, free schools, independent schools, non-maintained special schools, sixth form colleges, 16-19 academies, relevant youth accommodation or childrenÕs homes in England. ÔTeaching workÕ is defined as being each of the following activities: planning and preparing lessons and courses for pupils; delivering lessons to pupils; assessing and/or reporting on the development, progress and attainment of pupils. The above would include a teacher carrying out one or more of the above activities as part of their Qualified Teacher Status induction period - this would include those in their second year of Teach First, but not trainee teachers in other circumstances, nor teaching/classroom assistants. In Wales, the scope of the duty is in line with the regulatory coverage of the Education Workforce Council (EWC), which regulates education practitioners in Wales. This covers: teachers in maintained schools, Further Education (FE) teachers, and learning support staff in both school and FE settings. I am employed as a teacher but do not have Qualified Teacher Status. Does the duty apply to me? Yes. The duty applies to anyone employed or engaged to carry out teaching work in specified settings, whether or not they have Qualified Teacher Status (see question above for details of the relevant settings). I work as a teacher in a Further Education (FE) college. Does the duty apply to me? In Wales, the duty applies to teachers and learning support staff in FE colleges. If you are a teacher in a FE college in England, the duty does not apply. You should, however, follow local safeguarding procedures when you know or have reason to suspect that a girl has undergone FGM, or is at risk of FGM. When the duty applies I have identified a girl under 18 who I suspect may have