NCALT MLE IM - IS training course. 20. SECURITY OPERATING PROCEDURES (SYOPS) SyOPs, designed to assist in the efficient operation of Information Security detail the security standard against which all Information Security will be operated, define roles and responsibilities and notify users what they can and cannot do. All Users of Information Systems are required to comply with SyOPs at all times. 21. INCIDENT REPORTING If you believe that you have accessed any record incorrectly it is your responsibility to report this to your supervisor and to make a note of the access and time it was reported. At this point, any further access of the relevant record(s) must cease. Supervisors must then determine whether the access was necessary for Law Enforcement Purposes. If you, as a supervisor, receive a report that any record has been accessed incorrectly (i.e. not for Law Enforcement Purposes) it is your responsibility to assess whether you believe the record was accessed incorrectly and if so, to report this to PSD or CCU. If you believe that a colleague has accessed any record without a legitimate purpose it is your responsibility to report this to either your supervisor, PSD or CCU. 22. USE OF SPECIFIC SYSTEMS AND EQUIPMENT 22.1 Law Enforcement Applications (PNC, NICHE, Storm etc.) The following conditions apply to the use of the Police National Computer (PNC), Police National Database (PND), NICHE, STORM, Tasking & Briefing Portal (TAB) and Force Data Search (FDS) but also applies to any other Wiltshire Police database or system. • Any search or enquiry of PNC, NICHE, STORM, TAB or FDS must be justified as being for Law Enforcement Purposes; namely the investigation, prevention and detection of crime. This includes the legitimate accessing of information to supply to other agencies such as details of vulnerable victims or witnesses etc. • The access must also be a part of your normal role. Conducting an enquiry in relation to a reported crime or incident clearly falls within the prevention and detection of crime. • Researching PNC, NICHE, STORM or FDS out of curiosity, particularly where it involves looking at information regarding yourself, family, friends, acquaintances, neighbours or ÔcelebritiesÕ is not permitted in any circumstances. • If you believe you have a legitimate Law Enforcement Purpose to access details of a relative or acquaintance, then you must seek prior approval from a supervisor who will make a record of your request and make a decision as to whether it is appropriate for you to continue. You should also make a record of this request and the decision reached by your supervisor. Remember it is your responsibility to maintain your integrity. • If you inadvertently accessed information regarding a relation or acquaintance, you have not done anything wrong, but you must cease any further research and draw this to the attention of a supervisor who may authorise your continued use providing it is for a Law Enforcement Purpose or ask for another officer or colleague to conduct the research. You should also