perpetrated by adult males. Women can also commit acts of sexual abuse, as can other children and young people. Neglect is the persistent failure to meet a childÕs or vulnerable adultÕs basic physical and/or psychological needs, likely to result in the serious impairment of their health or development. Neglect may occur during pregnancy as a result of maternal substance abuse. Neglect may involve a parent or carer failing to provide adequate food, clothing or shelter. Discriminatory Abuse includes behaviour towards a student that is racist, sexist, based on a personÕs disability and other forms of harassment. Financial or Material Abuse is stealing possessions or money from a child or vulnerable adult or bullying to force them to hand over money or possessions. Also, includes theft, fraud, exploitation, pressure in connection with wills, property or inheritance of financial transactions, or the misuse or misappropriation of property, possessions or benefits. Institutional abuse/Poor practice is inappropriate or disrespectful or insufficient care, which affects the whole setting and denies or restricts dignity, choice or fulfilment of persons at risk. Non-Contact Abuse are abusive acts which do not involve actual physical contact; pornographic or violent films, sexual acts performed in front of the victim, violent acts with the abused present. Risk to self and/or others may include but is not exclusive to severe self-harm, suicidal tendencies or potential risk of harming others, which may or may not include children. This may be as a consequence of an individual experiencing a significant level of personal, emotional trauma and/or stress. Self-harm is a term that covers a range of behaviours used as a coping mechanism where an individual harm themselves by psychically inflicting pain or excess to deal with emotional pain. Sexual Exploitation is a form of sexual abuse where a child or young person are sexually exploited for money, power or status. It can involve violent, humiliating and degrading sexual assaults. Consent cannot be given (under the age of 18 years) even where a young person believes they are voluntarily engaging in sexual activity with the person who is exploiting them. Sexual exploitation does not always involve physical contact and can happen on-line. Sexting generally refers to the sending of sexually explicit images via text, email, MSN or through social networking sites. For example, this could be a picture of a boy or young man exposing himself or a young woman in a state of undress. ÒSextingÓ is more common than you may think and has been found to be commonplace amongst children and young people. Young people (under 18) texting intimate pictures of themselves via social media are committing a criminal offence (distribution of child pornography) and can face police action even if their actions are entirely voluntary. Online Abuse is any type of abuse that happens on the web, whether through social networks, playing online games or using mobile phones. Children and young people may experience cyberbullying, grooming, sexual abuse, sexual exploitation or emotional abuse. Forced Marriage - forcing a person into a marriage