all times people are at work From your risk assessment what degree of Hazard is associated with your Work Activities? How many Employees do you have What First Aid Personnel do you Need? What Injuries and Illness have previously occurred in your Workplace? Have you taken account of the Factors below that may affect your First Aid Provision? Low Hazard eg offices, shops, libraries Less than 25 At least one appointed person. * Ensure any injuries and illness that might occur can be dealt with by the first aid personnel you provide * Where first aiders are shown to be unnecessary, there is still a possibility of an accident or sudden illness so you may wish to consider providing qualified first aiders * Inexperienced workers or employees with disabilities or particular health problems * Employees who travel a lot, work remotely or work alone * Employees who work shifts or out of hours * Premises spread out across buildings/floors * Workplace remote from emergency medical services * Employees working at sites occupied by other employees * Planned and unplanned absences of first aiders / appointed persons * Members of the public who visit the workplace 25 Ð 50 At least one first aider trained in Emergency First Aid at Work (EFAW). More than 50 At least one first aider trained in First Aid at Work (FAW) for every 100 employed (or part thereof). Higher Hazard eg light engineering and assembly work, food processing, warehousing, extensive work with dangerous machinery or sharp instruments, construction, Less than 5 At least one appointed person. 5 Ð 50 At least one first aider trained in Emergency First Aid at Work (EFAW) or First Aid at Work (FAW) depending on the type of injuries that might occur. chemical manufacturer, vehicle workshop More than 50 At least one first aider trained in First Aid at Work (FAW) for every 50 employed (or part thereof). First Aid Arrangements Approved First Aid Certificated Police Staff The annual first aid provision risk assessment carried out by the health and safety department will identify the number (if any) of first aiders required for each building / workplace. Workplace first aiders should be predominantly based at their work location and working the same hours as the majority of staff based at that location. Requests from part time staff will be assessed on an individual basis, pending the requirements of the local first aid risk assessment and organisation need. Other factors which should be taken into account when selecting a person include an individualÕs: • reliability, disposition and communication skills; • aptitude and ability to absorb new knowledge and learn new skills; • ability to cope with stressful and physically demanding emergency procedures; • normal duties - these should be such that they may be left to go immediately and rapidly to an emergency The training of police staff to take up paid first aider roles must be agreed with the Head of Health and Safety and endorsed by their Line Manager