duty of a police officer to preserve life. Under section 6 of the Human Rights Act 1998, the police service is prohibited from acting in a manner incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR). One of the obligations under the ECHR is to take feasible operational steps (within the lawful power of the officer) to avert any real or immediate risk of death of which the officer is aware or should have been aware. As such, it may be appropriate in some circumstances to extend the detention period of the detainee for a minimal and limited period. Similarly, a person may be detained if they are in need of mental health assessment and thus detention in custody after the criminal matter has been dealt with. The relevant case law includes: Webley v St George's Hospital NHS Trust & MPS [2014] EWHC 299 (QB) MS v UK (2012) 55 EHRR 23 The reasons for not releasing someone are: police have a common law duty of care to the detainee police have a duty to release into a safe environment Forces should have clear escalation procedures up to the rank of superintendent where a custody officer has retained a person beyond the expiry of the provisions of PACE. A person may also be kept for a minimal and limited period to allow for the transfer of care to other appropriate care services, for example transfer into social services or local hospital care facilities. It is unlikely that a referral will be legally permitted without the explicit consent of the detainee unless there is a legal obligation to inform others. Where there is a legal requirement to make a referral but the referral has been made without the consent of the individual, officers should record the reason and justifications for this in the custody record. For further information, see Suicide prevention and risk management for perpetrators of child sexual exploitation and indecent images of children (IIOC). Transfer of detention Responsibility for the welfare of a detainee being transferred to court by prisoner escort and custody services (PECS) lies with PECS staff. Restraining a detainee Officers may restrain a detainee during transfer if there are reasonable grounds to believe that they may otherwise use violence against escorts or bystanders, or attempt to escape from custody. Where restraint is to be applied, it is important to communicate to the detainee what is happening and why. When the detainee is passed to another agency or service, responsibility for restraint no longer rests with the police. Multiple detainees Transporting multiple detainees may increase risk and should be subject to a joint risk assessment prior to transfer. Checklist: transfer of detention Prior to transferring the detainee, the custody officer must: review the risk assessment, custody record and attachments review medical notes complete a PER/dPER form (which should be accompanied as a minimum by the detainee medical assessment form (450), and the detainee medication form (450a), under confidential cover, if the detainee is being transferred to hospital)