officers issuing fixed penalties to young people should: a. always be in uniform b. never touch a young person c. approach from the front, not behind d. identify themselves and show formal identification 12 Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018, regulation 20 e. ideally work in pairs Children 11K.3 Fixed penalties are issued in lieu of prosecution. A valid fixed penalty therefore cannot be issued to a child under 10, as they are below the age of criminal responsibility. Enforcement authorities may contact the childÕs parents or legal guardian to make them aware of the offence. Juveniles (aged 10 to 17) 11K.4 Fixed penalties may be issued to young people between the ages of 10 to 17. Different considerations apply to juveniles aged 10-15, and those aged 16-17. Juveniles aged 10 to 15 11K.5 Fixed penalties should only be issued on-the-spot to 10 to 15-year-olds, if: a. the alleged offender is known to the enforcement officer; and b. the alleged offenderÕs school has agreed to the use of fixed penalties 11K.6 Enforcement authorities should notify the alleged offenderÕs parents or legal guardian as soon as possible. 11K.7 If the enforcement officer does not know the alleged offender, or the school has not agreed to the use of fixed penalties, officers should obtain the young personÕs details, and details of their parents or legal guardian in order to make further enquiries. If it is subsequently decided that a fixed penalty is suitable, it should be issued to the alleged offender in person with a parent or legal guardian present. If the fixed penalty must be issued by post, the alleged offenderÕs parent or legal guardian should be notified at the same time. Juveniles aged 16 to 17 11K.8 Enforcement officers should obtain all of the following details from the alleged offender: a. name b. address c. age d. date of birth 11K.9 They should also obtain the name and address of a parent or legal guardian of the alleged offender. 11K.10 The young offender should be informed that this information will be shared with their local youth offending team. 11K.11 If it is necessary to interview a young person under 17 under caution, an appropriate adult must be present. 11L.0 Payment options 11L.1 Enforcing authorities should offer people a range of facilities for paying penalty notices, including provision for accepting payment in cash.13 Where they provide payment centres, these should be safe and accessible. Enforcing authorities should ensure that any payment facility (particularly telephone and online payments) can confirm any amount outstanding if part payment only has been received. The imposition of surcharges for payment by personal credit or debit card is not permissible.14 11L.2 If there are unusual delays with the postal system, authorities should make allowances for late payments made by post when considering whether a payment was received within the statutory period. Enforcing authorities may wish to keep the envelope that the payments came in, as the franking can be used as evidence of