17.1. This chapter details: i. procedures for club approval; ii. issues such as the use of ranges, security of firearms and good practice in club administration; iii. information about the renewal of certificates, club inspections; iv. the requirement of the police to maintain a register of clubs within their force area; and v. how the Firearms Acts relate to cadet corps and school target shooting clubs. Introduction 17.2 Applications for club approval are determined by the Secretary of State in England and Wales and by Scottish Ministers in Scotland. 17.3 Members of a rifle club, miniature rifle club or muzzle-loading pistol club approved by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers may, without holding firearm certificates, have in their possession firearms and ammunition when engaged as members of the club in, or in connection with, target shooting (section 15(1) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 as amended by section 45 of the 1997 Act). It should be noted that section 15(1) does not stipulate that the firearms must be club firearms. A member of an approved club may temporarily possess a firearm solely in connection with target shooting on the clubÕs range, or other ranges which it may use. However, a person cannot possess a firearm under this exemption if it is a class of firearm for which the club is not approved. It should also be noted that section 15(1) of the 1988 Act, as amended, does not apply to the use of long barrelled pistols or section 1 shot guns used for target shooting, as it only allows possession of rifles or muzzle-loading pistols by members of suitably approved clubs. Accordingly, club approval cannot be extended to cover the use of these firearms (see also paragraph 17.12). 17.4 Members may not purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition unless they have been granted firearm certificates and the exemption does not cover the use of firearms for purposes other than target shooting. The case of R v Wilson (1989) held that possession of firearms and ammunition must only be in connection with the clubÕs activities, and does not give members a wider authority. 17.5 Whether approved or not, miniature rifle clubs are exempt by virtue of section 11(4) of the 1968 Act. Under that subsection a person conducting or carrying on a miniature rifle range (whether for a rifle club or otherwise) or shooting gallery at which only miniature rifles and ammunition not exceeding .23 calibre or air weapons are used may, without a firearm certificate, purchase, acquire or possess such miniature rifles or ammunition for them. Whilst there is no legal definition of a 147 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law miniature rifle, other than one which does not exceed .23 inch in calibre, it is generally accepted that this refers only to rifles firing .22 rim-fire cartridges (see also Chapter 6). Persons using the range are exempt from holding a firearm certificate only whilst using such miniature rifles and ammunition at such a range or gallery. Home Office