and early intervention Evidence shows that early-stage intervention is an effective strategy for preventing children becoming involved in violence, crime or antisocial behaviour later in life. Primary schools, working with local partners, can play an important role in understanding and spotting the warning signs amongst younger children. Where appropriate, head teachers may find it useful to engage with local early help/early intervention teams in order to discuss concerns about pupils and plan appropriate interventions. Early intervention teams are based in every local authority. Their role is to work with safeguarding teams to identify early signs of problems and work with children and families to prevent problems from escalating. Providing the right support whilst a child is still in primary school can protect those vulnerable to exploitation by older gang members and those who are at risk of being drawn further into violent or negative behaviour over time. It is good practice for schools to work together to take preventative measures to support the younger siblings of gang members. It is also advisable for primary schools in areas affected by gang and youth violence issues to work with younger children to strengthen social and emotional skills, build resilience to negative influences, and develop an ability to understand risk and risky situations. Example programmes are available from the Early Intervention Foundation. These include the PATHS Curriculum, which is a school-based programme that aims to improve emotional and social competencies in primary school children. More information on early intervention strategies to prevent gang and youth violence is available from the Early Intervention Foundation at Resource C or www.eif.org.uk/social-and-emotional-learning/. Risk Factors Primary school teachers will wish to be aware of some of the most significant risk factors for primary school age children. The Early Intervention Foundation have looked at the quantitative data around risk factors and identified the factors at different ages that are the most predictive of a) youth violence and b) gang involvement, and we have summarised these in the table below. Risk factors strongly associated with youth violence, gang involvement and factors that overlap in their association with youth violence and gang involvement Factor Strong risk factors for youth violence (age group) Strong risk factors for gang involvement (age group) Child * Troublesome (7-9; 10-12) * High daring (10-12) * Positive attitude towards delinquency (10-12) * Previously committed offences (7-9) * Involved in anti-social behaviour (10-12) * Substance use (7-9) * Aggression (7-9) * Running away and truancy (7-9; 10-12) * Marijuana use (10- 12) ChildÕs Family * Disrupted family (7- 9; 10-12) * Poor supervision (10-12) Factor Strong risk factors for youth violence (age group) Strong risk factors for gang involvement (age group) School * Low academic achievement in primary school (10- 12) * Learning disability (10-12) ChildÕs peer Group * Peers involved in crime and/or anti- social behaviour (7-9; 10-12) Community * Marijuana availability (10-12) * Children and young people in the neighbourhood involved in crime and/or anti-social behaviour (10-12) The table is designed to highlight potential risk factors