certificates etc) substituteÑ Ò(5) Any requirement under any provision of this Act thatÑ (a) a licence, a test certificate or a notice must be sent to the Secretary of State, or (b) a licence or a test certificate must be surrendered to the Secretary of State, is a requirement that the licence, test certificate or notice must be sent, or the licence or test certificate must be surrendered, to the Secretary of State at such address as the Secretary of State may determine.Ó 6 (1) Schedule 1 (newly qualified drivers holding test certificates) is amended as follows. (2) OmitÑ (a) paragraph 1(2A); (b) paragraph 2(1); (c) paragraph 3 and the heading before it; (d) paragraph 4 and the italic heading before it. (a) 306 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Surrender of licences and test certificates by new drivers Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) for sub-paragraph (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) WhereÑ (a) there is a person to whom this Part of this Schedule applies, (b) the person satisfies the conditions in section 2(1)(b) to (da) and (f) or (3)(a) to (d) and (f), (c) the Secretary of State is satisfied that the person has been issued with a test certificate, and (d) the personÕs driving record, licence or test certificate shows the date on which the person became a qualified driver, the Secretary of State must by notice served on the person revoke the personÕs test certificate and this sub-paragraph applies to the person instead of section 3(1).Ó; (b) omit sub-paragraph (1ZA); (c) in sub-paragraph (1A)Ñ (i) omit Òor (1ZA)Ó; (ii) after ÒwithÓ insert Ò, if the Secretary of State is already in receipt of it,Ó; (d) in sub-paragraph (1B), omit Òor (1ZA)Ó. (4) After paragraph 5 insertÑ ÒSurrender of test certificate 5A (1) WhereÑ (a) the Secretary of State is required under paragraph 5(1) or (1B) to serve a notice on a person revoking the personÕs test certificate, and (b) the Secretary of State is not already in receipt of the test certificate, the notice may also require the person to surrender the test certificate to the Secretary of State before the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the date on which the notice is served. (2) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with a requirement imposed under sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) is guilty of an offence, and (b) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (3) Where the Secretary of State receives a Northern Ireland