number of referrals increases over time. Costs to police of investigating referrals * Each referral would take between 8 and 14 hours to investigate. Source: HO internal estimates (2014). * The opportunity cost of an officer ranking sergeant or belowÕs time is approximately £35 per hour. This estimate is based on standard pay, hours, expenses, pensions, National Insurance contributions and police workforce statistics. Source: HO internal estimates (2013/14) * Estimates regarding the length of an investigation are based on data from one police force and their experience of investigating the existing offence of possession of a mobile phone in prison. There is a risk that the timings arenÕt representative of all police forces. Further police forces were not consulted due to time constraints. * The length of an investigation will vary from case to case and the estimates presented are based on best judgement. * The opportunity cost of an officer includes overhead costs (such as premise costs) and therefore is not strictly a marginal cost. * The hourly estimate is an average for all police grades of Ôsergeant and belowÕ and the actual cost at each grade within this category is likely to differ. Number of referrals prosecuted by the CPS * The same proportion of referrals will be prosecuted as for the proxy offence of possession of a mobile phone in prison. Source: NOMs internal estimates and further breakdown of Criminal Justice Statistics, Ministry of Justice (MoJ), 2013. * Fewer/more cases will be prosecuted- either because more cases are referred or more cases are prosecuted. * Every effort is made to ensure that the data used and figures presented are accurate and complete. However, it is important to note that these data have been extracted from large administrative data systems generated by the courts. As a consequence, care should be taken to ensure data collection processes and their inevitable limitations are taken into account when those data are used Progression of cases through the CJS Three proxy offences are used to estimate the progression of cases: 1. Offences relating to having an article with blade or point in public place,8 2. Possession of offensive weapons in a public place without lawful authority or reasonable excuse,9 3. Offence of unauthorised possession inside a prison of an item [mobile phone] specified in section 40D(3B) of the Prison Act 1952. Proportion of cases tried in the magistrates vs. the Crown Court * 82% of cases were tried in the magistratesÕ, and 18% in the Crown (using 2013 data from proxy offence one and two). * We assume the proportions tried in each court for the proposed offence will be the same. Source: Further breakdown of Criminal Justice Statistics, Ministry of Justice (MoJ), 2013. More cases will be tried in the Crown where the costs tend to be higher. Proportion of defendants found guilty * Around 80% of defendants are convicted (from proxy offence three). We assume this will be the same for the proposed offence. Source: Further breakdown of Criminal Justice