of fixed penalty notices in lieu of prosecution for the offences of littering (s87 EPA 1990), and the unauthorised distribution of free literature (paragraph 9 Schedule 3A EPA 1990), and the use of civil penalties to penalise the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown (s88A EPA 1990); (c) advises the relevant authorities of the procedures that they must follow, the procedures to which they must have regard, and the procedures that the government recommends they follow when enforcing against littering and related offences; (d) sets out the policy framework within which the government believes that litter authorities should be exercising their environmental enforcement powers, including how to approach, carry out and review enforcement activity; (e) contains information for members of the public, as well as local authorities, about environmental offences and their enforcement. 4. Since dog faeces are also classed as ÒrefuseÓ for the purposes of Part 4 of the Environmental Protection Act 1990,1 this modification to the Code also applies to the 1 Litter (Animal Droppings) Order 1991 use of enforcement action in respect of dog fouling offences contrary to Public Space Protection Orders (PSPOs) issued under the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014. It should be read in conjunction with wider guidance on powers to control dogs.2 5. As set out in Part 2 of the Code of Practice (Advisory standards for graffiti and fly- posting), duty bodies are also encouraged to manage the problems of graffiti and fly- posting as part of compliance with their section 89 duties. This guidance will therefore also be relevant to enforcement against these offences.3 6. This part of the Code of Practice is good practice guidance. Where it says that something must be done, this means that it is a requirement in either primary or secondary legislation. Where a statute imposes a duty on a body or organisation, a failure to comply will constitute a breach of statutory duty. If there appear to be differences between primary or secondary legislation and this Code, the legislation always takes precedence. 7. Section 89(10) EPA 1990 stipulates that local authorities must have regard to the information contained in the Code of Practice on Litter and Refuse, of which this modification forms part. It should be read alongside any other relevant guidance and any further modifications to the Code of Practice on Litter and Refuse subsequently issued by the government (available on the GOV.UK website).4 8. The Code of Practice on Litter and Refuse is modified as follows: (a) On page 3 (ÒContentsÓ), before Part 2 insert: ÒPart 1A Ð Effective enforcementÓ (b) On page 5, following section 1.5, section 1.5A has been inserted with the following wording: ÒPart 1A (as inserted by modification in 2019) contains guidance on the proportionate and effective use of enforcement action against littering and related offences. Appropriate, effective and proportionate use of enforcement powers will help all duty bodies to comply with their duties to keep relevant land clear of litter and refuse, and to