Non-uniformed officers, staff and volunteers attending training courses will wear their normal business attire unless joining instructions require a specific dress code. 8. Specialist Roles Specialist roles will be subject to a risk assessment and clothing or equipment identified as a requirement shall be issued in accordance with the Regional and National Policies and worn as directed unless a specific instruction has been received by a Manager or Supervisor for an operational reason. Cycle wear shall be issued to those individuals where their CPT Inspector confirms this activity is undertaken for at least 20% if their role. 9. Police Officer and Special Constabulary Layering of Uniform Police Officers and Special Constabulary members of Wiltshire Police will wear uniform in the following order of layers: • Layer 1 Ð Black - wicking shirt • Layer 2 Ð Mid layer Fleece (optional) • Layer 3 Ð Body Armour • Layer 4 Ð Police issue Softshell (when weather conditions requires to be worn over body armour) • Layer 5 Ð Hi-Vis vest with appointments • Layer 6 - Hi-Vis Outer - Jacket (Anorak, Tabard or Blouson) A Photoshoot of how to wear your uniform correctly is available on the Supplies Department Firstpoint Portal Page. PCSO Layering of Uniform PCSO members of Wiltshire Police will wear uniform in the following order of layers: • Layer 1 Ð Blue wicking shirt • Layer 2 Ð Mid Layer Fleece • Layer 3 Ð Body armour • Layer 4 Ð Police issue Softshell (when weather conditions requires to be worn over body armour) • Layer 5 Ð Hi-Vis Outer Jacket (Anorak or Blouson) A Photoshoot of how to wear your uniform correctly is available on the Supplies Department Firstpoint Portal Page. 10. Uniform and Equipment Issue, Receipt and Return Requirements All uniform and kit issued remains the property of Wiltshire Police during employment. Uniform and equipment will be recorded as being issued to the individual on the ForceÕs asset management records. Uniform and equipment is replaced on a wear and tear or contaminated basis using Form 444. Old uniform following replacement is to be returned to the Supplies Department at HQ for decommissioning and disposal so that it does not present a security risk if obtained by others. Lost, stolen or misplaced items must be reported to managers or supervisors for security reasons. These items will be replaced upon the completion of Form 232. Items of clothing which have become contaminated need to be treated as contaminated waste. These items should be bagged in yellow clinical waste bags and placed in the clinical waste wheelie bins situated at each Police hub site. Please do not return contaminated uniform to the Supplies Department for health and safety reasons under any circumstances. Table of Contents At the end of employment with Wiltshire Police, it is the personal responsibility of the individual to return all uniform and equipment to the Manager or Supervisor undertaking the exit interview, and the personal responsibility of the Manager or Supervisor to ensure this is