Olympic .380 BBM starting pistol was identified as readily convertible in 2010 and now falls within the definition of a prohibited firearm under section 5(1)(aba). iv) any self-loading or pump-action smooth-bore gun which is not an air weapon or chambered for .22 rim-fire cartridges and either has a barrel less than 24 inches in length or is less than 40 inches in length overall (section 5(1)(ac)); o Section 5(1)(ac) covers short-barrelled or short overall length pump-action and self-loading shot guns, which may have folding or retracting shoulder stocks. Short barrelled smooth bore Ôspecially dangerousÕ air weapons also fall into this category. v) any smooth-bore revolver gun other than one which is chambered for 9mm rim- fire cartridges or a muzzle-loading gun (section 5(1)(ad)); o Section 5(1)(ad) covers most smooth-bore revolver guns though an exception is made for the so-called Ôratting gunsÕ chambered for 9mm rim-fire and for muzzle-loading guns, both of which are subject to control under section 1 of the Act. Section 57(2B) of the 1968 Act (as inserted by the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988) defines a smooth-bore revolver gun as one containing a series of chambers, which revolve when the gun is fired. Examples of such guns are the ÔDragonÕ and the ÔStrikerÕ. vi) any rocket launcher, or any mortar, for projecting a stabilised missile, other than a launcher or mortar designed for line-throwing or pyrotechnic purposes or as signaling apparatus (section 5(1)(ae)); o A section 5(1)(ae) rocket launcher is effectively a tube designed to launch a rocket-propelled missile, whereas a mortar uses an explosive charge to launch a bomb. All modern rocket launchers and mortars are caught by this 21 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law sub-section. Antique or replica mortars (often used by historical re- enactment groups) are used to fire blanks or unstabilised projectiles, and are subject to control under section 1 or 2 of the 1968 Act, depending on the size of the bore and the length of the barrel. vii) any air rifle, air gun or air pistol that uses, or is designed or adapted for use with, a self-contained gas cartridge system (section 5(1)(af)); o Section 5(1)(af) applies to air weapons that are designed, or adapted for use with self-contained gas cartridge (SCGC) systems, for example the Brocock system. This category does not include weapons that use a CO2 bulb system because CO2 bulbs do not contain a projectile and, therefore, are not self-contained. o Section 39(4) of the Anti-Social Behaviour Act 2003 makes provision for existing owners (i.e. those who possessed an SCGC weapon on 20 January 2004) to keep and continue to use their weapons, provided they were entered onto a firearm certificate. There is no provision in legislation for such weapons to be sold or transferred to other firearm holders. They may, however, be deactivated. o SCGC weapon owners wishing to surrender their weapons can do so to the police or a Registered Firearm Dealer (RFD) in possession of a Home Office approval for section 5(1)(af) weapons. Those RFDs with