Wales and if this is successfully applied to furthering community policing skills. Andragogy theory stipulates that adults learn differently than children and has been adopted by the police service as a guiding principle for its trainers. It can also fit very well with developing skills that support a community-orientated policing approach, as it is student-lead. This mirrors the emphasis on police officer creativity and experimentation inherent in community policing. However, Peace found that despite a recent overhaul of probationer training in England and Wales to encourage community engagement, the (at the time) proposed new methods still prioritised traditional policing techniques largely based around law enforcement and that andragogy was not largely apparent in the training approach. Time will tell if the new decentralised training regime in England and Wales can meet expectations for a more community-savvy police service (see next section on Neighbourhood Policing). As it was only implemented nationally in April 2006, it is still too early yet to assess its effectiveness (Rogers and Lewis 2007) If training does not yet show strong signs of changing to meet the new community policing ethos, what about individual performance evaluations? This would be another area where the institution could adapt to the ideological goals of community policing, by formally assessing how well police officers demonstrate the necessary skills or perform relevant tasks. Lilley and Hinduja (2006) argue that many police forces in the US are indeed modifying their appraisal processes to take community policing into account. Traditional appraisal schemes usually measure the more easily quantifiable side of policing (arrest rates, number of crimes solved, number of complaints lodged by the public, etc.). In this way, supervision and appraisal can be done at a distance, though indirect indicators, which are less resource-intensive. This can mean that police officers tend to avoid certain actions that may look bad on an appraisal, but this is not the same as engaging in high-quality policing. Appraisal schemes which do take community policing methods into account will look for ways in which officers employ a problem-solving approach and who do work in quality of life issues, rather than just use law enforcement methods. They would also emphasise independent thought as well as good teamwork. Lilley and Hinduja (2006) conducted a survey of over 400 police organisations in the US to ascertain if the above was indeed happening in officer evaluations. The results paint a mixed picture: while police agencies that embrace a community policing ethos do indeed show a greater appreciation for innovation in their officers (such as through public speaking, leadership or creativity), all organisations surveyed rated this as less important than the more traditional factors such as avoiding trouble and following agency norms. In addition, community policing agencies have not reduced their use of law enforcements statistics in measuring officer performance, but merely added more qualitative measures to the assessment process. This would suggest that even in those police agencies that embrace community policing, the traditional policing methods and ethos have not diminished to the