criteriaii Number of programmesiii Local Government Online forum Member- No 100 in total, Authority (LGA) through ship with 40 good Knowledge Hub Ð which required and promising Gang and Youth practitioners (Free) practice case Violence Special involved in studies. Interest Group tackling gang and youth violence can share and discuss good and promising practice. Other sources of what works Allen G, (2011) Early Intervention: The Next Steps Ð An Independent Report to Her MajestyÕs Government. London: Department for Work and Pensions. Available at: www.dwp.gov. uk/docs/early-intervention-next-steps.pdf. Review of existing early-intervention projects rather than a repository of violence prevention interventions. The report identifies the most effective early-intervention programmes according to three levels of evaluation quality. Realising Ambition: Information about 25 ÔprovenÕ and ÔpromisingÕ interventions currently (May 2013) being replicated across the UK, as part of a £25 million Big Lottery Fund investment. All interventions are designed to target risk factors associated with subsequent involvement in the criminal justice system. Available at: www.catch-22.org.uk/Realising-Ambition. The education endowment foundation website: http://educationendowmentfoundation.org.uk/toolkit Department for Education (2011) The use and effectiveness of anti-bullying strategies in schools, a report by Goldsmiths, University of London, April 2011. Examines strategies that schools (in England) use to deal with episodes of bullying. London: Department for Education. Available at: https://www. gov.uk/government/publications/the-use-and-effectiveness-of- anti-bullying-strategies-in-schools. Evaluation approaches Many of the websites in the table above have information on how to evaluate programmes. There is also a useful introduction to evaluation provided by the Web Centre for Social Research Methods: www.socialresearchmethods.net/kb/intreval.php. Goldacre, B. (2013) Building Evidence into Education. Sets out how teachers in England can build evidence-based practice in education. Available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/news/ building-evidence-into-education. Other resources for schools and colleges The Safer Colleges website includes a range of self-assessment, guidance and case studies to help college leaders and their senior teamsÕto consider the issues of gangs, guns and knives within their college and community. Available at: www.safecolleges.org. uk/guns-gangs-knives/introduction. Teachers TV is now closed, but there is a range of non-exclusive distribution agreements that will ensure that the 3,500, 15-minute programmes in the archive are still available to watch online. See: www.education.gov.uk/schools/toolsandinitiatives/teacherstv. BBC ThreeÕs schools series My Murder. Available at: www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b01f6qz1. Joint Enterprise training pack and DVD. A Home Office education training pack and DVD to increase young peopleÕs awareness of the law on joint enterprise, which allows for group members involved in an offence to be liable for the main offence. Overall aims are to illustrate the further risks of gang involvement through highlighting the fact that it is possible to be convicted of a serious offence, such as murder or another violent offence, without striking the fatal blow or, in some cases, even physically taking part. The training packs will be available shortly to order, free of charge, from the Home Office storage and distribution centre. To order: email homeoffice@prolog.co.uk Brook Traffic Light Tool (www.brook.org.uk/traffic-lights) is a Department for Education funded online resource to help professionals who work with children and young people to identify, assess and respond appropriately to sexual behaviours. The tool enables