imposed under subsection (5) been the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime or the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (7) Nothing in subsection (5) requires a member of the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to give any evidence, or produce any document, which discloses advice given to the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime by that person. (8) If the London Assembly requires the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime, or the person who is the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, to attend proceedings, the Assembly may (at reasonable notice) request the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to attend proceedings on the same occasion for the purpose of giving evidence. (9) The following provisions of the 1999 Act apply (with appropriate modifications) to a requirement under subsection (5) as they apply to a requirement under section 61(1) of the 1999 ActÑ (a) section 61(14) (meaning of document etc); (b) section 62(3) to (6) (procedure for requiring attendance); (c) section 63 (restriction of information); (d) section 64 (failure to attend proceedings); (e) section 65 (openness). (a) 36 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (10) In this section Ò1999 ActÓ means the Greater London Authority Act 1999. CHAPTER 5 POLICE FORCES IN AREAS WITH ELECTED LOCAL POLICING BODIES Chief officers of police 34 Engagement with local people (1) A chief officer of police must make arrangements for obtaining the views of persons within each neighbourhood in the relevant police area about crime and disorder in that neighbourhood. (2) A chief officer of police must make arrangements for providing persons within each neighbourhood in the relevant police area with information about policing in that neighbourhood (including information about how policing in that neighbourhood is aimed at dealing with crime and disorder there). (3) Arrangements under this section must provide for, or include arrangements for, the holding in each neighbourhood of regular meetings betweenÑ (a) persons within that neighbourhood, and (b) police officers with responsibility for supervising or carrying out policing in that neighbourhood. (4) It is for a chief officer of police to determine what the neighbourhoods are in the relevant police area. 35 Value for money (1) In exercising functions, a chief officer of police must secure that good value for money is obtained. (2) That includes securing that the persons under the direction and control of the chief officer of police obtain good value for money in exercising their functions. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 37 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: