Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) but only with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner. (4) The following provisions of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 (capital finance etc and accounts) apply in relation to a chief constable as they apply in relation to a local authorityÑ (a) section 6 (protection of lenders); (b) section 7 (meaning of Òcredit arrangementsÓ); (c) sections 9 to 11 (capital receipts), except for section 11(2)(b) and (3) to (6); (d) section 13 (security for money borrowed etc); (e) section 14 (information); (f) section 15 (guidance); (g) section 16 (meaning of Òcapital expenditureÓ); (h) section 17 (external funds); (i) section 18 (companies etc), ignoring any reference to a Passenger Transport Executive; (j) section 20 (directions); (k) sections 21 and 22 (accounts); (l) section 24(1) and (2)(b) (application to Wales). (5) Regulations made by the Secretary of State under any of the provisions listed in sub- paragraph (4) apply in relation to the chief constable of a police force in England as they apply in relation to a local authority in England. (6) Regulations made by the Welsh Ministers under any of those provisions apply in relation to the chief constable of a police force in Wales as they apply in relation to a local authority in Wales. (7) Any of those provisions, or regulations made under them, that apply for the purposes of Chapter 1 of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 apply also (so far as relevant) for the purposes of sub-paragraphs (1) to (3). (8) An order under section 217 or 218 of the Local Government and Public Involvement in Health Act 2007, as it has effect for the purposes of section 18(2)(b) of the Local Government Act 2003 as applied by sub-paragraph (4)(i), appliesÑ (a) with the substitution of a reference to a chief constable for a reference to a local authority, and (b) with any other necessary modifications.] Damages and costs in legal proceedings 8 (1) The following amounts must be paid out of the police fund kept by the relevant police and crime commissionerÑ (a) any damages or costs awarded against a chief constable in any proceedings brought against the chief constable in respect of the acts or omissions of a member of the relevant police force's civilian staff; (b) any costs incurred by a chief constable in any such proceedings so far as not recovered by the chief constable in the proceedings; and (c) any sum required in connection with the settlement of any claim made against a chief constable in respect of the acts or omissions of a member of the relevant police force's civilian staff, if the settlement is approved by the relevant police and crime commissioner. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: