claiming this was done to cover other costs, such as free food and housing for the first weeks. The commissioner then interrupts her: "did they refrain from charging you if you arrived on time at the nightclub?". She answers she does not remember exactly. The commissioner tells the registrar that she vaguely re- members that she had to arrive by 6pm. She says she does not remember that. "That's why I said 'vaguely remem- bers'", the police officer offers as justification. He then reads a portion of the transcripts of a phone call that con- firmed this information: Still not satisfied, the commissioner makes one last attempt to extract from the alleged "victim" a confession capa- ble of establishing that the crime took place, saying all the clients questioned during the Portuguese investigations, including her ex-boyfriend, claimed the girls at the "club" engaged in sex work. The witness defends herself from the accusations: "If they did it, it was when they went out with the customers, when they went out to lunch or have dinner with them, or accompanied them to a mall and then, I don't know, maybe they went to a hotel... But I never did it and never knew of it". Insisting on her argument, she says: "do you understand? The woman had to go out with the customer until she won him over and married him, that's how I met my boyfriend and got together with him." Complementing what the young woman said with other information recorded in the inquiry documents (in other witnesses' "Terms of statements", in phone transcripts and Portuguese police and court reports), her expla- nations were thusly "translated to term": If, on the one hand, the "deponent's" answer denotes an effort to erase the more commercial dimension of sexual exchanges (prostitution), which was reintroduced by the commissioner through the decodification of her discourse fixed on paper, on the other, it reveals that relationships between singles' bar employees and customers did not al- ways fit the "prostitution" box, according to their own perspectives. The relationships established between men and women in these spaces were diverse and constituted a continuum of exchanges of sex, affection and money (Piscitelli et al, 2011) that ranged from commercial exchanges around the consumption of alcohol inside the club, included "going out" (which could involve actual prostitution or less formal and commercial meetings, such as an invitation to dinner), and went up to relationships and marriages. Before signing the document, the deponent reads everything attentively. She corrects a misspelled word and the value charged for the plane tickets. She confirms everything is "alright". The registrar prints out the "Term" once more and hands it to her so that she signs it. She re-reads the whole content and complains about the word "night- club". The registrar argues that, in Brazil, "nightclub" is a place that sells alcoholic beverages... She says "okay" and, then, finally signs and receives a copy of the "Term of statements". Before she leaves, she asks if