use of any item or otherwise, the passage of a vehicle of any description into or out of an entrance into or exit from the Parliamentary Estate, where that entrance or exit is within, or adjoins, the Palace of Westminster controlled area.] Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 139 (3) But an activity is not to be treated as a Òprohibited activityÓ within subsection (2) if it is doneÑ (a) for police, fire and rescue authority or ambulance purposes, (b) by or on behalf of a [F172relevant person], or (c) by a person so far as authorised under section 147 to do it (authorisation for operation of amplified noise equipment). (4) In subsection (2)(a) Òamplified noise equipmentÓ means any device that is designed or adapted for amplifying sound, including (but not limited to)Ñ (a) loudspeakers, and (b) loudhailers. [F173(4A) In subsection (2)(f) the reference to obstructing the passage of a vehicle includes making the passage of a vehicle more difficult.] (5) In subsection (3)(b) [F174Òrelevant personÓ] means any of the followingÑ (a) a Minister of the Crown or a government department, (b) the Greater London Authority, F175... (c) Westminster City Council. [F176(d) a relevant member of the House of Lords staff, or (e) a relevant member of the House of Commons staff] [F177(5A) In subsection (5)Ñ Òrelevant member of the House of Lords staffÓ has the meaning given by section 194(6) of the Employment Rights Act 1996; Òrelevant member of the House of Commons staffÓ has the meaning given by section 195(5) of that Act.] (6) It is immaterial for the purposes of a prohibited activityÑ (a) in the case of an activity within subsection (2)(b) or (c) of keeping a tent or similar structure erected or using a tent or similar structure, whether the tent or structure was first erected before or after the coming into force of this section; (b) in the case of an activity within subsection (2)(d) or (e) of keeping in place any sleeping equipment or using any such equipment, whether the sleeping equipment was first placed before or after the coming into force of this section. (7) In this section Òsleeping equipmentÓ means any sleeping bag, mattress or other similar item designed, or adapted, (solely or mainly) for the purpose of facilitating sleeping in a place. (8) A person who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a direction under subsection (1) commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale. 140 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version