that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (17) The Rehabilitation of Offenders Act 1974 (Òthe 1974 ActÓ) applies in relation to convictions before the commencement day as if the amendments made by this section had always had effect. (18) Where by virtue of subsection (17)Ñ (a) a person would, before the commencement day, have been treated for the purposes of the 1974 Act as a rehabilitated person in respect of a conviction, or (b) a conviction would, before that day, have been treated for the purposes of that Act as spent, the person or conviction concerned is (subject to any order made by virtue of section 4(4) or 7(4) of that Act) to be so treated on and after that day. PART 12 DISREGARDS AND PARDONS FOR CERTAIN HISTORICAL OFFENCES 194 Disregard of certain convictions or cautions (1) The Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 is amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (10). (2) Section 92 (power of Secretary of State to disregard convictions or cautions) is amended in accordance with subsections (3) to (5). (3) In subsection (1) for the words from ÒunderÓ to the end of paragraph (c) substitute Òin circumstances where the conduct constituting the offence was sexual activity between persons of the same sexÓ. (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a)Ñ (i) for the first ÒtheÓ substitute ÒanyÓ, (ii) for Òconduct constituting the offence consented to it andÓ substitute Òsexual activityÓ, and (iii) omit the second ÒandÓ, and (b) for paragraph (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) the offence has been repealed or, in the case of an offence at common law, abolished by enactment (whether or not it has been re-enacted or replaced), and (c) the sexual activity would not, if occurring in the same circumstances at the point of decision, constitute an offence.Ó (5) After subsection (6) insertÑ Ò(7) In this section Òsexual activityÓ includesÑ (a) any physical or affectionate activity which is of a type characteristic of people involved in an intimate personal relationship, and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 12 Ð Disregards and pardons for certain historical offences CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 247 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) conduct intended to lead to sexual activity.Ó (6) In section 93(3) (applications to the Secretary of State), for the words from Òthe mattersÓ to the end substitute ÒÑ (a) whether a conviction or caution is of a kind