the gateway for End Point Assessment (PCDA) or complete their Diploma and Probation (DHEP). They should be placed on a Support Plan(s) to complete the areas where they have not yet achieved competence. It is expected that should the student not be on target for completion, that Support Plans are put in place with a realistic timescale to complete any outstanding tasks prior to final review. This process should have at least three reviews and last no longer than 12/15 weeks. 6.7.7 In evidencing their competency, Student Officers must also show effective performance within the Professional Policing Framework for their role. 6.8 Assessment of Student Officers 6.8.1 In addition to being assessed against the ForcesÕ values, Student Officers will be assessed against the following sets of standards; PEQF OCP, Professional Policing Framework, Professionalising the Investigation Process (PIP) and The Code of Ethics. Assessment will be holistic and will test knowledge, understanding, skills, attitudes and behaviour against The Code of Ethics. 6.8.2 Students undertaking the PCDA will also receive ongoing academic assessment from the contracted HEI partner. These will be set at relevant intervals throughout the programme. Please refer to the USW Student Handbook and programme specification for more information. 6.8.3 Throughout the probationary period, Student Officers will be subject to performance reviews which will be carried out at regular intervals. Please see Assessment, Quality Assurance and Learner journey document for PCDA/DHEP or Pre-Join for further information. These reviews will be stored in their personal portfolios on completion of their probationary period. Each review will include comment on the studentÕs attendance record and any Management Intervention Thresholds met, if a concern. 6.8.4 Student Officers undertaking tutorship will be assessed against the PEQF OCP made up from several criteria and the Professional Policing Framework. Independent patrol status will be achieved on satisfactory completion of this portfolio demonstrating competence against this criterion. 6.8.5 Toward the end of the tutored patrol, the supervisor(s) responsible for overseeing the tutor phase, in liaison with the Tutor Constable will assess the Student OfficerÕs progress and make recommendations to the SOTAT (Student Officer Training and Assessment Team Supervisor) as to the suitability of the Student Officer to be able to demonstrate competence for Ôsafe and lawfulÕ independent patrol. 6.8.6 If the Student Officer has not demonstrated competence in the 12-week tutored patrol phase a meeting will be convened by the Training Manager involving all relevant parties, including the Student Officer, to discuss the development needs of the Student Officer concerned. The possible outcomes at this stage are: 1.1.1 a. To extend the period of tutorship for a further five weeks, this period should be considered to be Ôup toÕ 6 weeks; therefore if the Student Officer achieves Safe and Lawful within the 6 week period a request to sign them off for independent patrol status may be submitted early, this will include a suitable Support Plan that details clearly to the Student Officer what they need to do to address the concerns and shortfalls b. To recommend dismissal