refuse to provide the device or agree to the extraction of information from it, and (e) stating that the investigation or enquiry for the purposes of which the information is sought will not be brought to an end merely because P refuses to provide the device or agree to the extraction of information from it. (4) Subject to subsection (5), P must have confirmed in writing that P hasÑ (a) voluntarily provided the device to an authorised person, and (b) agreed to the extraction of information from the device by an authorised person. (5) If P was unable to provide that confirmation in writing as a result of PÕs physical impairment or lack of literacy skillsÑ (a) P must have given that confirmation orally, and (b) an authorised person must have recorded PÕs confirmation in writing. (6) If PÕs confirmation was given in writing and in hard copy form, the authorised person must have given P a copy of that confirmation (in hard copy or electronic form). (7) If PÕs confirmation was given orally, the authorised person must have given P a copy of the record of that confirmation (in hard copy or electronic form). (1) 44 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 40 Application of section 37 where user has died etc (1) If any of conditions A to C is met, an authorised person may exercise the power in section 37(1) to extract information stored on an electronic device from that device even thoughÑ (a) the device has not been voluntarily provided to an authorised person by a user of the device, or (b) no user of the device has agreed to the extraction of information from the device by an authorised person. (2) Condition A is thatÑ (a) a person who was a user of the electronic device has died, and (b) the person was a user of the device immediately before their death. (3) Condition B is thatÑ (a) a user of the electronic device is a child or an adult without capacity, and (b) an authorised person reasonably believes that the userÕs life is at risk or there is a risk of serious harm to the user. (4) Condition C is thatÑ (a) a person who was a user of the electronic device is missing, (b) the person was a user of the device immediately before they went missing, and (c) an authorised person reasonably believes