only during 2013 and in the one specific area (Central Division). Future research could examine if the same families are continuing to demand a large portion of police resources over a number of years in order to determine the effectiveness of any implemented interventions. This research does have the potential to be replicated across the different operating divisions with Lancashire Constabulary to examine if these themes are prevalent across the county. Finally, these results are based on quantitative data only and therefore lack full exploration of any contextual factors that may have impacted the findings. Future research should utilise qualitative data based on real-world examples (i.e. call for service logs), to advance understanding of the topic and any contributing factors. Conclusions The requirements and expectations of the police are constantly changing and it is important that the police stay relevant by addressing current demands. In order to efficiently achieve this, the demand profile for Lancashire should be continuously monitored to ensure services fit this demand. This research found that the majority of incidents being dealt with by the police within Lancashire ConstabularyÕs Central Division are not inherently traditional police work. Furthermore, incidents most typically associated with traditional police work were found to occur the least in this sample. This suggests that reducing demand and addressing key issues requires increased involvement with other agencies to enable the most appropriate and effective response regarding calls for service. This multi-agency early response could also free resources and reduce overall costs. Furthering the results of this study, Lancashire Constabulary are currently engaged in a large funded project around transforming Public Services within Lancashire by engaging with a range of public services who will collectively provide the most appropriate support, at the earliest point possible in that individuals life. Early identification and appropriate use of interventions are key to reduce the likelihood of individuals escalating to crisis point. References Bichler, G., Schmerler, K. and Enriquez, J. (2013), "Curbing nuisance motels: an evaluation of police as place regulators", Policing: An International Journal of Police Strategies & Management, Vol. 36 No. 2, pp. 437-462. Caudill, J.W., Getty, R.., Smith, R., Patten, R. and Trulson, C.R. (2013), ÒDiscouraging window breakers: the lagged effects of police activity on crimeÓ, Journal of Criminal Justice, Vol. 41 No. 1, pp. 18-23. Clark, M. (2015), ÒCo-production in mental healthcareÓ, Mental Health Review Journal, Vol. 20 No. 4. Clark, R.V. and Weisburd, D. (1994), ÒDiffusion of crime control benefits: Observations on the reverse of displacementÓ, in Clark, R.V. (Ed.), Crime Prevention Studies, Criminal Justice Press, Monsey, NY, pp. 165-183. College of Policing (2015), ÒCollege of policing analysis: estimating demand on the police serviceÓ, available at: http://www.college.police.uk/documents/demand_report_21_1_15.pdf (accessed 09 March 2015). Edwards, M.J., Bassett, G., Sinden, L. and Fothergill, R.T. (2014), ÒFrequent callers to the ambulance service: patient profiling and impact of case management on patient utilisation of the ambulance serviceÓ, Emergency Medicine Journal, Vol. 0, pp. 1-5, available at: http://emj.bmj.com/content/early/2014/10/13/emermed-2013- 203496.full.pdf+html (accessed 27 January 2015). Fleming, J. and Grabosky, P. (2009), ÒManaging the