should complete basic background checks (PNC, local Intel and consider PND) to ensure the suitability of the applicant if it does not involve an existing certificate holder. 14.4 Permits should be issued by chief officers where a certificate has not been re- issued or where a variation has been delayed and the applicant has made the application in good time. This may be appropriate where the renewal of a certificate is so delayed that the applicant may otherwise be left without permission to continue possessing and using their firearm and ammunition. This may not be the case where the applicant or his referees had been uncooperative and, is, or are, substantially responsible for the delay. In these circumstances, the applicant should be advised to arrange for the firearms and ammunition to be placed in storage with a registered firearms dealer or another suitably authorised certificate holder. 14.5 Permits may also be issued by chief officers to allow an individual to have a firearm in his/her possession for reasons such as the disposal of a firearm that has been removed from an individuals firearm certificate or reasons such as when an individual is found to no longer have a "good reason" to possess the weapon or they are in the process of selling/transferring the firearm to another authorised person or firearms dealer. In these circumstances chief officers may wish to consider issuing a short term temporary permit (valid for two months) to enable the individual to dispose of the firearm. 131 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Types of permit 14.6 The various forms for issuing permits are: i) Form 111, this authorises, under section 7(1) of the 1968 Act, the possession (unless the terms indicate otherwise) of firearms and ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies. The permit must give details of the firearms and ammunition it covers, and must show the date on which it expires. ii) Form 112 is similar to Form 111 but related to shot guns. It should specify the shot guns to which it relates (see paragraph 14.3 about the purchase of section 2 ammunition). This permit does not allow the possession of Section 5(1A)(a) disguised shot guns held on a shot gun certificate as part of a collection. iii) Form 213. Issued under section 9(2) of the 1968 Act, permits an auctioneer to sell by auction, expose for sale by auction, or have their possession for sale by auction, the firearms, ammunition, shot guns and/or air weapons specified in the permit until the date of expiry shown on the permit. iv) Form 115 may be issued, under section 13(1)(c) of the 1968 Act, to authorise the removal of a firearm (but not ammunition) from a ship or hovercraft for any purpose specified in the permit (for example, for repair or servicing, sale, breaking up, return to store, or removal to another ship or hovercraft). It may also authorise the removal of a firearm to a ship or hovercraft (for example after repair