to victims, including children and works with the relevant agencies to safeguard. Case Volumes – The Panel will have clear local criteria which ensures the appropriate volume of cases is heard. Equality – The Panel recognises the needs of both victims and perpetrators with protected characteristics. Operational Support – The Panel will have enough support and resources to ensure its effective functioning. Governance – There is a clear and accountable governance structure and strategic leadership from the relevant agencies. There should be links with the MAPPA Strategic Management Board. Perpetrator Programmes It is important that local areas commission safe, effective perpetrator programmes which take into account the needs in their areas and are accompanied by support for any associated victims. These should be ‘as well as’ support for victims, not ‘instead of’. There are several different accreditation schemes and standards operating in perpetrator work. The Government has committed to develop a set of overarching national standards and principles for domestic abuse perpetrator interventions. These will provide a framework for commissioners to help determine the quality of perpetrator interventions, particularly on safeguarding and victim and survivor safety. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance The third sector expert organisation Respect has developed quality standards and an accreditation process for services working with perpetrators. The Respect Standard211 is nationally recognised and sets out an evidence-based, safety-focused framework which identifies good practice and offers guidance for organisations to ensure that they are meeting the needs of service users safely and effectively, with the safety of victims, including children at its heart. These programmes should also be accessible therefore relevant needs assessments may be required to allow for identification and appropriate response. Her Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service (HMPPS) has their own accredited programmes for those convicted and sentenced by the courts. The Correctional Services Advice and Accreditation Panel (CSAAP), an independent committee of international experts, helps HMPPS to accredit programmes by reviewing programme design, quality assurance procedures and findings, and programme evaluations. They make recommendations about whether to accredit programmes based on set criteria and ensure that programmes: are based on the latest international evidence and thinking around what works to reduce reoffending; address factors relevant to reoffending and desistance; are targeted at appropriate users; develop new skills (as opposed to only awareness raising); motivate, engage and retain participants; are delivered as intended; and are subject to monitoring, evaluation and review. Behaviour Change Interventions Programmes such as that ran by Ahisma and ‘Talk, Listen, Change’ aim to challenge and support perpetrators of abuse to make long term changes to their violent and abusive behaviour. Behaviour change interventions also consider additional needs such as alcohol and substance misuse and mental health difficulties. The Multi-Agency Tasking and Coordination (MATAC) model is part of the Whole System Approach to Domestic Abuse piloted in the North East and Yorkshire. The model involves data analysis to identify high harm perpetrators who are then referred into a multi-agency panel to coordinate action including education, diversion, disruption, and enforcement to prevent