proceedings) in relation to a prisoner. (4B) It is the prisoner custody officerÕs duty to give effect toÑ (a) any order of the Crown Court under section 142 of the Powers of Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000 in relation to the prisoner, or (b) any order of a magistratesÕ court under section 80 of the 1980 Act in relation to the prisoner. (4C) The fact that the prisoner custody officer is exercising, or may exercise, functions under section 80(1)(ba) in relation to the prisoner does not prevent a constable from exercising any powers in relation to the prisoner that are otherwise available to the constable.Ó (8) In subsection (5) for Òand (4)Ó substitute Ò, (4) and (4B)Ó. Proceeds of crime 59 Proceeds of crime: account freezing orders (1) In section 303Z1 of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (application for account freezing order)Ñ (a) omit subsections (5A) and (5B), and (b) in subsection (6), at the appropriate place insertÑ ÒÒrelevant financial institutionÓ meansÑ (a) a bank, (b) a building society, (c) an electronic money institution, or (d) a payment institution.Ó (2) In section 316(1) of that Act (general interpretation), in the definition of Òrelevant financial institutionÓ, after Ò303Z1Ó insert Ò(6)Ó. (1) 66 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) In section 48 of the Financial Services Act 2021 (extent)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for Òsubsections (2) and (3)Ó substitute Òsubsection (2)Ó, and (b) omit subsection (3). (4) In paragraph 14 of Schedule 12 to that Act (forfeiture of money: electronic money institutions and payment institutions) omit sub-paragraphs (3) and (4). Non-criminal hate incidents 60 Code of practice relating to non-criminal hate incidents (1) The Secretary of State may issue a code of practice about the processing by a relevant person of personal data relating to a hate incident. (2) In this section Òhate incidentÓ means an incident or alleged incident which involves or is alleged to involve an act by a person (Òthe alleged perpetratorÓ) which is perceived by a person other than the alleged perpetrator to be motivated (wholly or partly) by hostility or prejudice towards persons with a particular characteristic. (3) The provision that may be made by a code of practice under this section includes, in particular, provision aboutÑ (a) whether and how personal data relating to a hate incident should be recorded; (b) the persons who are to process such personal data; (c) the circumstances in which a data subject should be notified of the processing