report [F843(or on its completion by the Director General)], the [F632Director General] shall alsoÑ (a) seek the views of the appropriate authority onÑ (i) whether any person to whose conduct the investigation related has a case to answer in respect of misconduct or gross misconduct or has no case to answer, (ii) whether or not any such person's performance is unsatisfactory, and (iii) the other matters (if any) dealt with in the report (but not on whether the conditions in sub-paragraphs (2A) and (2B) are satisfied in respect of the report), (b) having considered the views (if any) of the appropriate authority, make a determination as toÑ (i) the matters described in paragraph (a)(i) and (ii), and 222 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (ii) whether or not disciplinary proceedings should be brought against any person to whose conduct the investigation related and, if so, what form the disciplinary proceedings should take, (c) having considered the views (if any) of the appropriate authority and if the [F632Director General] considers it appropriate to do so, make a determination as to any matter dealt with in the report, being a determination other than one that [F638the Director General] is required to make under sub-paragraph (2) (b) or paragraph (b) of this sub-paragraph, (d) notify the appropriate authority of [F656the Director General's] determination under paragraph (b) and any determination under paragraph (c), (e) where the [F632Director General] determines that disciplinary proceedings of a form specified in the determination should be brought against a person, direct the appropriate authority to bring those proceedings, and (f) direct the appropriate authority to determine what action (if any) the appropriate authority will in its discretion take, not being action involving the bringing of disciplinary proceedings, in respect of the matters dealt with in the report and having regard to the [F666Director General's] determination under paragraph (b) and any determination under paragraph (c). (5B) The appropriate authority must comply with a direction given under sub- paragraph (5A)(e) and must secure that the proceedings, once brought, are proceeded with to a proper conclusion. (5C) The [F632Director General] may at any time withdraw a direction given under sub- paragraph (5A)(e); and sub-paragraph (5B) shall not impose any obligation in relation to any time after the withdrawal of the direction. (5D) The appropriate authority must keep the [F632Director General] informed of the action it takes in response to a direction given under sub-paragraph (5A)(e). (5E) The appropriate authority must comply with the direction given under sub-