cramps. • Irregular and heavy periods. • Skin changes, brittle nails, facial hair. • Whilst the menopause is primarily a physical change in the body, there can sometimes be a psychological impact which must also be taken into consideration. This can include, for some, feelings of Ônot being a real woman anymoreÕ due to the loss of reproductive function, concerns around the ageing process as well as oneÕs own mortality. Some report changes in body confidence, perception of oneÕs physical self and more. Again, it is important to stress that this is by no means a definitive list, and some individuals will encounter none of the aforementioned feelings. Some of the thoughts, feelings and symptoms listed above can have knock on impacts on other areas of life as well. Examples of this include a lower stress tolerance across everyday life, strain on personal relationships and heightened emotions, both positive and negative. These changes can impact an individuals home life, and for some there is a significant impact. Some also report a difficulty in Ôswitching offÕ and a heightened state of agitation through the day. These impactors on day to day life can of course have an impact on how the individual feels and performs in the workplace. MALE MENOPAUSE According to the NHS, some men in their forties and fifties go through a period of physiological and psychological change. Some men will go through some of the following symptoms (Again, not a definitive or exhaustive list): • Increased levels of stress and anxiety • Mood swings • Erectile Dysfunction • Lowered libido • Fat redistribution and other physical changes in appearance • Lack of energy • Insomnia • Poor concentration and short-term memory It is important to note that these changes are not as of the result of the menopause in the medical sense. These changes are not associated with a change in hormone levels (Like the Menopause), but rather due to lifestyle factors or other psychological issues. FAMILY MEMBERS Managers should also consider the impact on an individual of a close family member experiencing menopause. Supporting a family member through menopause symptoms can put a significant strain on relationships at home, which may impact on an individualÕs mental health and general wellbeing. Managers should consider options such as staff support networks, and the Employee Assistance Programme to support any member of staff experiencing such issues. REASONABLE ADJUSTMENTS Reasonable adjustments for individuals impacted by the menopause will differ from person to person. Listed below are examples of reasonable adjustments which could be applied if beneficial to the individual. This is not a definitive list and Occupational Health should be consulted in conjunction with line managers on a case by case basis. Hot Flushes / Sweats = Ensuring a desk fan is on hand. Seating the member of staff by an open window. Ensure that working temperature and humidity is reasonable (Where possible). Providing a space to remove PPE / body armour at their home station during a rest break. Understanding