paragraph 19 as the person in charge of an investigation must— submit a report on the investigation to the Director General, or where the person in charge of the investigation is the Director General acting personally, complete a report on the investigation.] A person submitting [F818or, in the case of an investigation under paragraph 19 by the Director General personally, completing] a report under this paragraph shall not be prevented by any obligation of secrecy imposed by any rule of law or otherwise from including all such matters in his report as he thinks fit. [F819(6A) Where a person would contravene section 21A by submitting, or (as the case may be) sending a copy of, a report in its entirety to the appropriate authority under sub- paragraph (2) or (3)(b), the person must instead submit, or send a copy of, the report after having removed or obscured the information which by virtue of section 21A the person must not disclose.] [F820(7) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision requiring a report on an investigation [F821to which paragraph 19A applies]— to include such matters as are specified in the regulations; to be accompanied by such documents or other items as are so specified. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 219 A person who has submitted [F822or, in the case of an investigation under paragraph 19 by the Director General personally, completed] a report under this paragraph on an investigation [F821to which paragraph 19A applies] must supply the appropriate authority with such copies of further documents or other items in that person's possession as the authority may request [F823except so far as the person is prevented from doing so by section 21A]. The appropriate authority may only make a request under sub-paragraph (8) in respect of a copy of a document or other item if the authority— considers that the document or item is of relevance to the investigation, and requires a copy of the document or the item for either or both of the purposes mentioned in sub-paragraph (10). Those purposes are— complying with any obligation under regulations under section 50(3) or 51(2A) of the 1996 Act which the authority has in relation to any person to whose conduct the investigation related; ensuring that any such person receives a fair hearing at any disciplinary proceedings in respect of any such conduct of his.]] 220 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: