2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 139 Recommendations by IPCC and requirement to respond After paragraph 28 of Schedule 3 to the Police Reform Act 2002 there is insertedÑ ÒRecommendations by the Commission 28A (1) This paragraph applies where the Commission has received a report underÑ (a) paragraph 22(3) (report on completion of investigation of complaint or conduct matter supervised or managed by Commission), (b) paragraph 22(5) (report on completion of investigation of complaint or conduct matter by Commission itself ), or (c) paragraph 24A(2) (report on completion of investigation of DSI matter that is not also conduct matter). (2) This paragraph also applies where the Commission has made a determination on an appeal underÑ (a) paragraph 8A (appeal relating to complaint dealt with other than by investigation), or (b) paragraph 25 (appeal with respect to an investigation). (3) The Commission may make a recommendation in relation to a matter dealt with in the report or appeal. (4) A recommendation under this paragraph may be made to any person if it is madeÑ (a) following the receipt of a report relating toÑ (i) a DSI matter, (ii) a conduct matter of a type specified in regulations, or (iii) a complaint of a type specified in regulations; or (b) following a determination on an appeal relating to a complaint of a type specified in regulations. (5) In any other case, a recommendation under this paragraph may be made only toÑ (a) a person serving with the police, or (b) a local policing body. (6) Where the Commission makes a recommendation under this paragraph, it must alsoÑ (a) publish the recommendation, and (b) send a copy of itÑ (i) in a case where the recommendation is made to a local policing body, to the chief officer of the police force maintained by that body; (ii) in a case where the recommendation is made to a chief officer of a police force, to the local policing body that maintains the police force; (iii) in a case where the recommendation is made to a contractor (within the meaning of section 12(10)), to the chief officer of a police force to whom the contractor (i) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 121 Changes