organisations who may be involved in the response. Organisations should consider their need to co-operate with a wide range of public (for example, local authorities, emergency services), commercial (for example, other businesses) and voluntary organisations (like charities and voluntary response organisations). What co-operation? Every-day co-operation between organisations is the lifeblood of civil protection work - through visits and seminars, phone calls and emails, and joint projects including exercises. Many organisations are well used to co-operating in both preparing for and responding to emergencies. The emergency services, for instance, obviously co- ordinate closely when responding to emergencies. They also co-operate closely in policy and planning, and undertake joint training and exercises. Likewise, utilities companies have close links with local authorities and the emergency services. Organisations should aim to co-operate bilaterally and attend multi-agency groups and forums to discuss co-ordinated and sometimes joint approaches to the essential aspects of emergency preparedness - risk assessment, emergency planning, business continuity management, and arrangements to warn and inform the public. Such forums should also consider producing multi-agency plans and other documents, including protocols and agreements, and the co-ordination of multi- agency exercises and other training events. Co-operation at the local level under the Civil Contingencies Act The principle mechanism for multi-agency co-operation at the local level is the local resilience forum (LRF) (https://www.gov.uk/local-resilience-forums-contact-details). LRFs are generally based on local police areas, and bring together all the organisations who have a duty to co-operate under the Civil Contingencies Act, along with others who would be involved in the response. The purpose of the LRF process is to ensure effective delivery of those duties under the Act that need to be developed in a multi-agency environment. Co-operation at the sub-national level Some co-operation and co-ordination takes place at multi-LRF level in England, which brings together representatives of local responders, and is supported by resilience advisers from DCLG-RED (https://www.gov.uk/government/policies/working- with-local-partners-to-plan-for-and-respond-to-emerg encies), to work together to address larger-scale civil protection issues. Co-operation at the devolved administration level Similar co-operation and co-ordination arrangements are in place in the devolved administrations. For instance, in Scotland strategic co-ordinating groups are similar to LRFs, and the Scottish Emergencies Co-ordinating Committee (SECC) provides co-ordination and determines the national strategy for the development of civil protection. In Wales the Welsh Government (WG) provides that co-ordination, and a Wales Resilience Forum brings together local responders and UK government bodies. In Northern Ireland the Civil Contingencies Group, Northern Ireland (CCG(NI)) is the forum for the development, discussion and agreement of Civil Protection Policy for the NI public services. Co-operation at the UK level Government departments who are responsible for contingency planning and response within their own areas (for example, infectious diseases falls to Department of Health; fuel disruptions falls to Business Innovation and Skills), work closely together. The Civil Contingencies Secretariat (CCS) in the Cabinet Office co- ordinates their work to enhance the countryÕs resilience to the full range of emergencies. Central government works very closely with the devolved administrations, local authorities and emergency services. Officials attend