to increased adverse drug reactions, hospitalizations, and healthcare costs, which ultimately lower the quality of life.1,2,3,4,5 • To address these issues, the Florida Department of Health should implement the Florida Polypharmacy Reduction Initiative (FPRI), which includes quarterly pharmacist-led medication reviews, mandatory Medicare Medication Therapy Management, standardized deprescribing protocols, and public awareness campaigns to educate seniors about polypharmacy risks. • Pharmacist intervention in healthcare teams can significantly reduce inappropriate prescribing and adherence to manageable healthcare treatment. Studies have shown that integrating pharmacists into patient care can reduce prescribing errors by 25% and enhance patient outcomes, demonstrating improvement in efficiency in managing polypharmacy.12 Implementation The Florida State Department of Health must engage various stakeholders to implement the FPRI, including pharmacists, healthcare providers, geriatricians, long-term care facility administrators, legislators, and patient advocacy groups. In the first six months, the initiative should focus on an awareness campaign across multiple channelsÑlocal news outlets, senior centers, and healthcare facilitiesÑto educate the public and healthcare providers on the benefits of polypharmacy reduction and safe deprescribing. This initiative will involve developing educational materials for seniors and caregivers about the risks of polypharmacy. Throughout the next six months, the FPRI will be a pilot in high-need areas with dense elderly populations, such as Miami-Dade and Palm Beach counties.13 Pharmacists in these regions would begin quarterly medication reviews with prescribed oversight by primary care physicians. Pilot findings will guide further expansion. This program would initially be funded through state healthcare grants and additional support from Medicare and Medicaid program funds to cover pharmacist-led services. Developing a supplemental grant proposal to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) can further financial support, specifically for regions with high elderly populations.14 Additionally, reallocating a portion of state healthcare funds can be used to provide reimbursements when incentivizing deprescribing when appropriate. There are several possible obstacles to implementing the FPRI. One significant obstacle would be opposition from medical professionals, some of whom might be worried about patient safety or the potential loss of income linked to deprescribing. Therefore, policy development talks should involve workshops to educate providers on the long-term benefits of polypharmacy reduction, such as improved patient outcomes, fewer adverse drug events, and reduced healthcare costs. Highlighting how deprescribing can lead to better health outcomes for patients and decrease hospitalization rates will be vital in shifting provider perspectives. Furthermore, offering training sessions on safe deprescribing can ensure providers and pharmacists only prioritize hazardous or unnecessary prescriptions. Technical difficulties with Electronic Health Records (EHR) integration present another obstacle because thorough integration can be expensive and complicated.15 Thus, the initiative will begin with a trial phase. If complete EHR integration is not feasible, records will be maintained and shared via a centralized, secure medication-sharing platform. Furthermore, recognizing that Black, Indigenous, and People of Color communities are frequently disproportionately impacted by polypharmacy issues, the FPRI would work to guarantee that these communities have fair access to deprescribing resources and assistance, especially in areas where they are more likely to encounter obstacles to healthcare access.16 A