to immediate custody and 50% to community orders and suspended sentence orders. It is assumed that this will be the same for any future Computer Misuse Act offences committed outside the UK but prosecuted in the UK by extending jurisdiction. Upper bound for extra territorial jurisdiction = £235k per case For the upper boun_d estimate we assume that all cases progress through the Crown Court. We assume that all proceedings result in a custodial sentence. To estimate the custodial sentence length we use data from 2012 to indicate the maximum custodial sentence awarded across all Computer Misuse Act offences. From 2002-2012 the longest custodial sentence awarded for a Computer Misuse Act offence was 60 months.11 It is assumed that any cases prosecuted in the UK through extending jurisdiction will have the same custodial sentence length. Note that the UK is likely to extend jurisdictiori, only in cases where the offence committed is deemed serious or if prosecution in the UK is in the public interest If the cases tried by extra territorial jurisdiction are more complicated or longer than domestic Computer Misuse Act offence trials, there is a risk that even the upper cost estimate underestimates the cost per case. For example, in highly complicated cases the Legal Aid costs alone could be up to £1m12. See the risks and assumptions in Annex A for a full outline of all the caveats. There are other costs to the Criminal Justice System associated with extra territorial jurisdiction cases that are additional to usual cases where the offence is committed and tried domestically. These have not been monetised in this impact assessment but are outlined in Table 3 below. Table 3: Additional costs for cases involving extra territorial jurisdiction Costs of extra territorialjuri_s_d_ic_t_io_n --1-D_e_s_c_ri~p_ti_o_n , Police , --- Crown Prosecution Service Transportation and evidence. A previous Home Office Impact Assessment on Human Trafficking estimated that these additional costs of gathering and transporting evidence/witnesses from overseas in extra territorial jurisdiction cases could be around £20,000 per case. Liaising with other authorities, familiarising themselv_es with processes and procedures relating to another country as well as, in a small number of cases, paying for UK prosecutors to 0 All costs are in 2012/13 prices and are rounded to the nearest 100. 9 Numbers may not add due to rounding 10 Ibid. 11 For the offence of unauthorised access with intent to commit or facilitate commission of further offences (CMA S.2) 12 MoJ internal analysis 2014 -,i á-- -- .. travel overseas to assist with the case or to facilitate the execution ofa request for mutual legal assistance - Cases may take longer than normal e.g. time taken to gather evidence. There may be a very small number of cases. in which a decision not to prosecute when the UK has extra territorial jurisdiction over the offence is challenged by way of a judicial review. Such cases will incur costs for the Crown Prosecution Service and the Courts but (as of June 2012) there have been