men were recorded as being victims of homicide by a current or ex-partner.16 According to the Femicide Census, 38% of the women killed by their ex-partner or ex-spouse from 2009 to 2018 were killed within the first month of separation and 89% in the first year.17 18 Teenage relationship abuse Young people can experience domestic abuse within their relationships. Teenagers may not self-identify as victims. They may perceive their relationships to be ‘casual’, for example engaging in multiple romantic and sexual partners through dating apps. Those who engage in abusive behaviour may seek to minimise or deny the abuse by stating that they were not in a relationship. Teenage relationship abuse is not a term that is defined by the 2021 Act, or elsewhere in law. However, if the victim and perpetrator are at least 16 years old, abuse in their relationship can fall under the statutory definition of domestic abuse. Whilst young people under the age of 16 can experience abuse in a relationship, it would be considered child abuse as a matter of law. Abusive behaviours by one young person toward another, where each are aged between 16 and 18 could be both child abuse and domestic abuse as a matter of law. Ultimately, in responding to cases of abuse involving those under 18, child safeguarding procedures should be followed. See the 15 ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data from year ending March 2020. 16 ONS. Appendix tables: homicide in England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2021. 17 Femicide Census: UK Femicides 2009-2018. 18 To note that there is no agreed definition of ’femicide’. For the Femicide Census, ‘femicide’ relates to any killing of women and girls by men. The Census relies on the media and information that is publicly available and accessible, and therefore may represent an incomplete picture of all ’femicides’. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance section ‘Multi-agency working to safeguard children’ in ‘Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’ for further detail. Abusive behaviours within relationships between young people can include similar incidents or patterns of behaviours as adult relationships. For teenagers in particular, abuse to harass or control victims can occur through using technology, this includes social media, or location-based tracking apps, such as Find My Friends. Young people’s lives are often heavily online-based and perpetrators of abuse may exploit this, demanding access to passwords and monitoring online activity. Young people may also experience intimate image abuse within their relationships, including threats to expose intimate images.19 Teenage relationship abuse often occurs outside of a domestic setting. Victims may feel that domestic abuse occurs only between adults who are cohabiting or married. Teenage victims may find it difficult to identify abusive behaviour, for instance, controlling or jealous behaviour may be misconstrued as love. Domestic abuse in teenage relationships can be just as severe and has the potential to be as life threatening as abuse in