be careful that you do not do anything to risk unfairly influencing the outcome of a court case and being in contempt of court.12 If you have any concerns or would like some advice, you can speak with the police or a victim support provider. Alternatively, you can contact the Independent Press Standards Organisation at: www.ipso.co.uk, who will talk to you about your concerns and give practical advice and guidance. Access to medical support If you have been the victim of crime and have a physical or mental health need as a result, you can access National Health Service services. You do not need to have reported a crime to the police in order to access these services. If someone is seriously ill or injured and their life is at risk, call the emergency services on: 999. If it is not a life-threatening emergency, there are several options you can take. You can: ? Call 111 (National Health Service England) or 0845 46 47 (National Health Service Wales) non-emergency medical helpline; ? go to your local National Health Service walk-in centre or local urgent care centre/minor injuries unit or your local Accident and Emergency (A&E) service department; ? visit or call your General Practitioner, who can refer you to specialist services including mental health support; or ? talk to a pharmacist. More information about National Health Service services is available at: www.nhs.uk or www.wales.nhs.uk, or by calling: 111/0845 46 47 in (England/ Wales) or by visiting your General Practitioner. 12 www.gov.uk/contempt-of-court 1 As well as being referred by the police, you can also refer yourself to a Sexual Assault Referral Centre.13 These centres have specially trained professionals who can give you both physical and mental health support if you have experienced rape or sexual assault, regardless of whether you choose to report the crime to the police or not. You can also access a wide range of psychological and emotional counselling and therapeutic approaches provided in a wide variety of settings, for instance, the National Health Service, voluntary sector agencies and private practice. If you are not ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, you should note that some health services are exempt from payment, such as primary care services; services for the treatment of a physical or mental condition caused by torture, female genital mutilation, domestic violence, sexual violence or if you are determined a victim of modern slavery or human trafficking. Further details are available at: www.gov.uk/guidance/nhs-entitlements-migrant-health-guide Coroners Coroners are not included as service providers under this Code. This is because inquests are not criminal proceedings and bereaved family members already have interested person status in inquests which gives them certain statutory Rights. This includes the Right to ask relevant questions of the witnesses and to receive disclosure of documents and other evidence. Bereaved family members of a victim of crime who are involved in an inquest should instead consult the guidance on coronersÕ investigations for bereaved people which is available at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/guide-to-coroner-services-and- coroner-investigations-a-short-guide 13 www.nhs.uk/live-well/sexual-health/help-after-rape-and-sexual-assault/ 1 Who is