with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 6 (1) Section 185 (youth rehabilitation order: availability of particular requirements) is amended as follows. (2) In the italic heading before subsection (4), for ÒrequirementÓ substitute ÒrequirementsÓ. (3) In subsection (4), for Òelectronic monitoring requirementÓ substitute Òelectronic compliance monitoring requirementÓ. (4) After subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(5) An electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement is not available for a youth rehabilitation order in respect of an offence unless the offender was convicted of the offence on or after the day on which paragraph 6 of Schedule 17 to the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 first came into force to any extent (ignoring, for these purposes, the coming into force of Part 2 of that Schedule for the purposes of making regulations).Ó 7 In section 190 (provision of copies of youth rehabilitation order and related documents), in the table in subsection (3)Ñ (a) in the entry relating to an electronic monitoring requirement, in the first column, for ÒAn electronic monitoring requirementÓ substitute ÒAn electronic compliance monitoring requirementÓ, and (b) after that entry insertÑ ÒAn electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement Any person who by virtue of paragraph 46 of Schedule 6 will be responsible for the electronic monitoring Any person without whose consent the requirement could not be included in the order.Ó 8 After section 198 insertÑ 1 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Youth rehabilitation orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 355 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò198A Electronic monitoring requirement previously imposed (1) This section applies where an electronic monitoring requirement was imposed by a youth rehabilitation order in respect of an offence of which the offender was convicted before the day on which paragraph 4 of Schedule 17 to the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 first came into force to any extent (ignoring, for these purposes, the coming into force of Part 2 of that Schedule for the purposes of making regulations). (2) In this section Òelectronic monitoring requirementÓ has the meaning given by paragraph 41 of Schedule 6 as it had effect before the day mentioned in subsection (1). (3) The electronic monitoring requirement is not affected by the renaming of electronic monitoring requirements as electronic compliance monitoring requirements by that Act. (4) This Chapter applies in relation to the youth rehabilitation order as