adopt AI into their infrastructure. Currently, 47% of organisations who use AI do not have any specific AI cyber security practices or processes in place. It is therefore imperative that we ensure that AI is designed, developed, deployed and maintained securely. AI is identified in the UKÕs National Cyber Strategy as a technology vital to cyber power and is listed as a critical technology in the UKÕs Science and Technology Framework. This work on the cyber security of AI sits alongside wider government world-leading efforts to ensure the benefits of AI can be realised safely and securely. This includes hosting the worldÕs first AI Safety Summit in 2023; establishing the AI Safety Institute, the first government-backed organisation of its kind; and being the first government to publish an assessment of advanced AIÕs capabilities and risks. Successful collaboration with our international partners will continue to underpin everything that we are doing on AI safety and security. As is the case for other areas of technology, from consumer Ôinternet of thingsÕ products to semiconductors, the UK advocates a secure by design approach. It is imperative that developers of software, including AI, are building security into the design process as well as across the entire lifecycle. In line with our approach, our work in this space is critical to set baseline cyber security requirements and ensure that these are adopted across the software and AI supply chain. I am therefore pleased to introduce this Call for Views on the Cyber Security of AI and a separate Call for Views on Software Resilience as a continuation of the UKÕs leadership in this area. The government is proposing to take forward a two-part intervention on AI in the form of a voluntary Code of Practice that will be taken into a global standards development organisation for further development and sets baseline security requirements for stakeholders in the AI supply chain. Outputs from both these Call for Views will drive improved security behaviour across the software supply chain and increase confidence in organisations who adopt software products and services. Your engagement with this Call for Views will help the government develop and take-forward efforts to build a safer UK, where we can all benefit from AI. It will also support our ongoing work with industry and international partners because we recognise international alignment is crucial for this area. I look forward to continuing discussions on how the government, international partners, industry and civil society should collaborate and prioritise efforts to secure AI. Thank you for your contribution to this critical and generation-defining technology area. Viscount Camrose Parliamentary Under Secretary of State Department for Science, Innovation and Technology Executive summary AI is transforming our daily lives. As the technology continues to evolve and be embedded, it is crucial that we ensure cyber security is a key underpinning of AI safety. This Call for Views sets out specific interventions to help secure AI, so that the many benefits of AI can be realised. This work has primarily focused