been sent” to “exercise that power”; and of the words after paragraph (c).” Removal etc. of senior officers at the instance of the Secretary of State Section 42 of the 1996 Act (role of the Secretary of State as respects removal of chief constables etc.) shall be amended as follows. For subsections (1) and (2) there shall be substituted— “(1) The Secretary of State may— require the Metropolitan Police Authority to exercise its power under section 9E to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign; or require a police authority maintaining a police force under section 2 to exercise its power under section 11 to call upon the chief constable 84 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 3 – Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes of that force, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign. (1A) The Secretary of State may also, in any case falling within subsection (1B) in which he considers that it is necessary for the maintenance of public confidence in the force in question— require the Metropolitan Police Authority to suspend the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner from duty; or require a police authority maintaining a police force under section 2 to suspend the chief constable of that force from duty. (1B) The cases falling within this subsection are— where the Secretary of State is proposing to exercise his power under subsection (1) in relation to the Metropolitan Police Authority or, as the case may be, the other police authority in question, or is proposing to consider so exercising that power; where the Metropolitan Police Authority or the other police authority in question is itself proposing to exercise its power to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable of the force in question to retire or to resign, or is proposing to consider so exercising that power; and where the power mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) has been exercised but the retirement or resignation has not yet taken effect. (2) Before requiring the exercise by the Metropolitan Police Authority or any other police authority of its power to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or the chief constable of the force in question to retire or to resign, the Secretary of State shall— give the officer concerned a notice in writing— informing him of the Secretary of State’s intention to require the exercise of that power; and explaining the Secretary of State’s