(6)(b) in relation to the laying of a copy of a report as it applies in relation to the laying of a statutory document under an enactment.] Before acting under subsection (6) the [F35Department of Justice] must exclude from the report any matter which the [F35Department of Justice] thinks is likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. If the [F35Department of Justice] excludes any matter from the report the [F35Department of Justice] must comply with subsection (6) in relation to the whole of the report as soon as the [F35Department of Justice] thinks that the excluded matter is no longer likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. 195J Initial detention of seized property This section applies if an appropriate officer seizes property under section 195C. The property may be detained initially for a period of 48 hours. The period of 48 hours is to be calculated in accordance with section 195H(7). 195K Further detention pending making of restraint order This section applies if— property is detained under section 195J, and no restraint order is in force in respect of the property. If within the period mentioned in section 195J an application is made for a restraint order which includes provision under section 190A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of an appeal against— the decision to refuse the application, or any decision made on an appeal against that decision. In subsection (2) the reference to the period mentioned in section 195J includes that period as extended by any order under section 195M. 195L Further detention pending variation of restraint order This section applies if— 72 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes property is detained under section 195J, a restraint order is in force in respect of the property, and the order does not include provision under section 190A authorising the detention of the property. If within the period mentioned in section 195J an application is made for the order to be varied so as to include provision under section 190A authorising detention of the property, the property may be detained until the application is determined or otherwise disposed of. If such an application is made within that period and the application is refused, the property may be detained until there is no further possibility of