the offender doesnÕt pay (the offender should be prosecuted, unless the enforcing authority has other compelling reasons to cancel the fixed penalty notice) d. how to complain When not to issue a fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution 11I.7 Fixed penalty notices should not be issued if any of the following apply: a. there is no criminal liability Ð for example if the offender is a child under the age of 10 (the childÕs parents or legal guardian should be informed instead). See section 11K.0 below for further detail on enforcement against young people. b. enforcement action is inappropriate or would be disproportionate for the offence Ð for example, if the offender is vulnerable or it would not be in the public interest to prosecute (see section 11B.0 above) c. prosecution is more suitable Ð for example, if: • the offence is major, e.g. racist or other forms of abusive graffiti or fly- posting; deliberate smashing of glass; or the scale and effect of the offence merits prosecution • the offence constitutes racially or religiously aggravated criminal damage under section 30 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998; • the offence is committed for reward, e.g. the offender is a registered waste carrier • the offence is committed by a persistent offender (see paragraph 11I.8 below) • the offender is violent or aggressive d. If a littering offence is accidental - for example if something falls from someoneÕs pocket. In order to maintain public trust in the legitimacy of enforcement action a. against littering, enforcement action should only be taken where there is evidence of an intent to drop and leave litter. It is not in the public interest to take enforcement action if there is not clear evidence that the individual intended to cause litter. e. If the behaviour in question does not fall within the terms of the offence for which the fixed penalty is available. For example, littering fixed penalties should not be issued for fly-tipping offences or waste receptacle breaches (for which other specific fixed penalty powers are available), or to try to sidestep or circumvent the Òharm to local amenityÓ test in the legislation for household waste receptacle breaches. Persistent offenders 11I.8 Some people commit environmental offences deliberately and often, and may also fail to pay the fixed penalties issued against them. A person can be classed as a Ôpersistent offenderÕ if there are two or more recorded offences by the individual. In such circumstances, a further fixed penalty is unlikely to be appropriate and enforcement authorities should consider prosecuting (if it is in the public interest to do so). Issuing fixed penalty notices on private land 11I.9 It is an offence to drop litter on any land within the area of a principal litter authority which is open to the air5. This can include private land, although it is not an offence to drop litter with the landownerÕs consent. 6 11I.10 There are no explicit powers of entry associated with issuing fixed penalties