when you canÕt speak If you are in danger and unable to talk on the phone, call 999 and listen to the questions from the operator and, if you can, respond by coughing or tapping on the handset. Call 999 from a mobile If prompted, press 55 to Make Yourself Heard and this will transfer your call to the police. Pressing 55 only works on mobiles and does not allow police to track your location. Call 999 from a landline If the operator can only hear background noise and cannot decide whether an emergency service is needed, you will be connected to a police call handler. If you replace the handset, the landline may remain connected for 45 seconds in case you pick up again. When 999 calls are made from landlines, information about your location should be automatically available to the call handlers to help provide a response. If you are deaf or canÕt use a phone You can register with the emergencySMS. Text REGISTER to 999. You will get a text which tells you what to do next. Do this when it is safe so you can text when you are in danger. Published 5 October 2018 Last updated 21 March 2025 + show all updates Explore the topic Domestic abuse Violence against women and girls Is this page useful? Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Title: Serious Crime Bill: Computer Misuse Act 1990 -Aggravated Offence IA No: Lead department or agency: Home Office other departments or agencies: Crown Prosecution Service, Ministry of Justice, National Crime Agency --- ------ .--------á--.,-áá- áááá-ááá-- --- S1.1rn_mary: Intervention and Options Impact Assessment (IA) Date: 2 June 2014 Stage: Final Source of intervention: Domestic Type of measure: Primary legislation Contact for enquiries: Caroline Johnson Caroline.Johnson@homeoffice.gsi.gov.uk 020 7035 1562 RPC Opinion: RPG Opinion Status . Cost of Preferred (or more likely) Option Total Net Present Business Net Net cost to business per In scope of One-In, Measure qualifies as Value Present Value year (EANCB on 2009 prices) One-Out? N/A £0 £0 No I NA IWhat is the problem under consideration? Why is government intervention necessary? v\ maJor cyber attack on essential systems (for example those controlling power supply, communications, ood or fuel distribution etc) could result in a risk to human life, pab"ttctmatthorna:tmrrarse-curity or cause- erious social disruption or economic or environm.ental damage. However, the existing offence of mpairing a computer only carries a maximum sentence of 10 years, which the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and law enforcement agencies consider too low for the level of economic and personal harm that