critical incident. Within this time constraint, the careful planning of an evidence-based MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 151 response is often unrealistic. Therefore, although the clamor for police reform has been pervasive, it also appears that these reform efforts are largely divorced from the expectation that these interventions be evidence-based. Reform within the university of Cincinnati Police Division The uCPD is a fully empowered law enforcement agency with a complement of seventy-two sworn officers that provides all public safety services for the uC com- munity (seventy thousand students and employees), including primary jurisdiction on all university-owned and operated buildings. Based on a Memorandum of understanding with the City of Cincinnati, uCPD also patrols and conducts police activities in city neighborhoods in the one-mile corridor surrounding the uC uptown campus. The uCPD has approximately five hundred or fewer Part I crime incidents reported on campus each year, which are largely driven by reports of theft/larceny (Isaza et al. 2017).3 In general, the uCPD does not record many instances of police use of force in any given year. Between January 2017 and December 2018, for example, the agency reported only four use-of-force incidents, one of which included a display of force only (Exiger 2019). Overall, the uCPD is representative of many midsize police agencies that have few critical incidents. However, the uCPD’s experience with the fatal DuBose-Tensing encounter dem- onstrates the magnitude of a single police-citizen interaction gone terribly wrong. In the aftermath of the shooting, immediate changes in police executive lead- ership were made at the university. The lead author of this article (Engel) was appointed to the newly created position of vice president for safety and reform to develop and implement an immediate police reform effort. Two weeks later, she added executive leadership positions to her team, including a director of public safety (with operational oversight of the uCPD) and director of police community relations. She led her team in the design and implementation of over three years of systematic reforms, including top-to-bottom organizational changes in policies, procedures, training, and accountability systems, along with the completion of voluntary external monitorship.4 Although the reform efforts implemented by this team were intended to be evidence-based, the immediacy of implementation, as well as the general lack of evidence available to inform organizational change (as articulated below), characterizes these efforts more appropriately as “best practices.” The selection and implementation of reform strategies and the evidence-base surrounding the effectiveness of these efforts is discussed in greater detail below. The Evidence Base for Agency-Level Solutions to Reduce Police Shootings Following the shooting of Samuel DuBose, the political and public demands for change in Cincinnati were highly predictable, echoing the approaches being 152 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy requested and implemented across the country to reduce fatal police encounters and rebuild community trust. First, although uCPD officers were already equipped with BWCs, calls for more transparency within the police department reverberated. Second, uCPD’s use-of-force policy and training were heavily scrutinized and, ultimately, dramatically changed to incorporate de-escalation