excise Acts (within the meaning of section 1 of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 (c. 2)), (c) a sum paid, or the proceeds of sale, under paragraph 16 of Schedule 3 to that Act, and (d) the proceeds of penalties imposed in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1889/2005 on controls of cash entering or leaving the [F35European Union] (including penalties imposed under that Regulation as amended from time to time); Òsecurity for revenueÓ means any sum paid as security for a tax or duty. 33 Power to require payment into the Consolidated Fund (1) The Treasury may by order make provision forÑ (a) requiring the payment of sums received by the Secretary of State or the Director in the exercise of their functions into the Consolidated Fund; (b) permitting the deduction of disbursements before such payments are made; (c) requiring the Secretary of State or the Director to provide accounts of the receipt and disposal of revenue; (d) permitting the Treasury to make payments to the Secretary of State or the Director out of the Consolidated Fund to enable them to make disbursements. (2) An order under this section may amend or repeal section 32 (payment of revenue to the Commissioners). 34 Children (1) In section 21 of the UK Borders Act 2007 (c. 30) (code of practice relating to children), in subsection (1), for Òthe Border and Immigration Agency takesÓ substitute Ò the persons listed in subsection (4A) take Ó. (2) In subsection (2) of that sectionÑ (a) for ÒThe AgencyÓ substitute Ò Those persons Ó, (b) in paragraph (a), for ÒitsÓ substitute Ò their Ó, and (c) in paragraph (b), for Òit makesÓ substitute Ò they make Ó. (3) After subsection (4) of that section insertÑ Ò(4A) The persons areÑ (a) designated customs officials, and officials of the Secretary of State exercising customs functions, (a) (b) immigration officers, and officials of the Secretary of State exercising functions relating to immigration, asylum or nationality, (c) the Secretary of State in so far as the Secretary of State has general customs functions, (d) the Secretary of State in so far as the Secretary of State has functions relating to immigration, asylum or nationality, and (e) the Director of Border Revenue and any person exercising functions of the Director.Ó (4) In subsection (5) of that section omit paragraph (a). (5) After that subsection insertÑ Ò(5A) In this section Òcustoms functionÓ, Òdesignated customs officialÓ and Ògeneral customs functionÓ have the meanings given by Part 1 of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009.Ó (6) This section ceases to have effect on the coming into force of section 55 (duty regarding welfare of children). Supplementary 35 Power to modify enactments (1) The Secretary of State may by order provide for an enactment (or a description of enactments) to apply in relation toÑ (a) relevant persons, or (b) the exercise of functions by relevant persons, with such modifications as the Secretary of State considers necessary or expedient. (2) In this sectionÑ (a)