no requirement for a declaration on the video-recording. In any event it is not usual practice to ask a witness to sign a declaration at the beginning of any interview, whether video recorded or not, before a statement is prepared; the declaration is usually signed when the statement is prepared after the interview has been concluded. Interviewers who believe that the only way in which a charge of perjury, wasting police time or perverting the course of justice can be pursued in the event that the witness is subsequently found to have been deliberately engaging in falsehoods is for a declaration to be made at the beginning of the recording are quite simply incorrect. Charges of perjury, wasting police time and perverting the course of justice have never been contingent on section 9 Criminal Justice Act 1967 declarations. Oaths Interviewers who attempt to administer an oath are mistaken because the witness is sworn retrospectively in court when the video-recorded interview is played as evidence-in-chief (paragraph 3.175 Achieving Best Evidence). Indeed Achieving Best Evidence quite emphatically states that Òthere should be no attempt to get the witness to swear an oath, either before or after an interviewÓ (ibid). Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by Dr. Kevin Smith, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser and the National Vulnerable Witness Adviser from the Specialist Operations Centre of the National Policing Improvement Agency. In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk ACPO Position Statement: Voluntary Interviews National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) November 2012 Introduction The revised Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE), Code G (implementation date 12th November 2012) demands more detailed consideration of the Ônecessity criteriaÕ by arresting officers than has previously been the case. This represents a cultural shift in policing that places more emphasis on the use of alternatives to arrest and, specifically, on increasing the use of voluntary interviews under caution. This document provides practical guidance to officers planning and conducting a voluntary interview under caution. The necessity to arrest criteria is the subject of a separate ACPO Investigative Interviewing Steering Group positional statement. The ACPO NIISSG Position Code G requires officers to consider whether the suspectÕs voluntary attendance is a practical alternative to arrest, but nothing in the revised Code reduces the significance of a suspectÕs interview in the conduct of an effective investigation. Once a decision has been taken under Code G that a Voluntary Interview is appropriate rather than arrest the issues that follow should be considered. Voluntary Interviews There will be many occasions where a voluntary interview under caution is the most sensible and proportionate course of action. Voluntary interviews should be planned and conducted as thoroughly as they would for a suspect under arrest including: • The explanation of the reason for the interview to be given to the suspect, ensuring no questioning about the offence is conducted outside of the formal interview; • The explanation of why