house. 70 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ii. The concept of possession includes both proprietary and custodial possession, i.e. both ownership/control and physical possession. There is a distinction between custody and possession, so proprietary possession and custodial possession are two different concepts. iii. A person can remain in ÒpossessionÓ of a firearm within the meaning of section 1 at a time when he is not physically in control of it. iv. The concept of possession has never been exhaustively defined in English law. Its precise meaning can vary according to the context and according to the Act of parliament in which the question arises. 9.22 It should be noted that section 7(3) of the 1997 Act can be used for collecting purposes, either as an extension of a section 7(1) collection, or in its own right. ÒRelevance to a collectionÓ can be a factor in deciding on the acceptability of a firearm under section 7(1) or 7(3). Thus, for instance, a comprehensive collection of British military revolvers could, for example, be expected to include what was once a relatively common .38 Enfield of the 1930s or 1940s alongside a rare .476 Enfield Mark I of 1879. Firearms to be stored at a designated site 9.23 Section 7(3) of the 1997 Act provides that owners keep and use their guns at a site designated by the Secretary of State if they hold a firearm certificate issued by their local police. In order to qualify for this exemption, a gun must meet the criteria set out in section 7(3). Being authorised by a certificate to acquire a firearm subject to a section 7(3) exemption is specific to a particular firearm. It should not be a ÒblanketÓ authority to acquire any firearm to which this exemption applies. In cases of older handguns which do not have a serial number, the make, model and calibre would be sufficient information. 9.24 In reaching a decision as to whether a firearm falls within the terms of section 7(3), the police may wish to consider how all of the criteria set out in that section might apply. A firearm might qualify for the exemption under several related headings; for example an old gun of unusual design of which very few examples survive will meet several criteria. However, each criterion stands in its own right, and the police need only be satisfied that the gun falls within one of the criteria in order for it to be included. In assessing each gun, the police will wish to consider the following four criteria: (i) historical importance; (ii) aesthetic quality; (iii) technical interest; and (iv) particular rarity. Historical importance 9.25 A firearm might be considered to be of historical importance if it meets any of the following criteria. It should be borne in mind that historic can include more recent history; i. A firearm owned by a famous historical figure would probably be counted as historically important in itself. Famous figures would include senior military officers, members of royal families,