Guaranteed power supply If your fire risk assessment concludes that an electrical fire-warning system is necessary, then the Health and Safety (Safety Signs and Signals) Regulations 19965 requires it to have a back-up power supply. Whatever back-up system is used, it should normally be capable of operating the fire- warning and detection system for a minimum period of 24 hours and sounding the alarm signal in all areas for 30 minutes. 2.7 New and altered systems Guidance on the design and installation of new systems and those undergoing substantial alterations is given in BS 5839.16 If you are unsure that your existing system is adequate you will need to consult a competent person. 56 Section 3 Further guidance on firefighting equipment and facilities You have responsibility for the provision of appropriate firefighting equipment. It is also your responsibility to check that all firefighting equipment is in the correct position and in satisfactory order before the premises are used. Appropriate staff should be trained in the use of all such equipment. 3.1 Portable firefighting equipment Fires are classed according to what is burning. Fire extinguishers provided should be appropriate to the classes of fire found in your premises in accordance with Table 1. Table 1: Class of fire Class of fire Description Class A Fires involving solid materials such as wood, paper or textiles. Class B Fires involving flammable liquids such as petrol, diesel or oils. Class C Fires involving gases. Class D Fires involving metals. Class F Fires involving cooking oils such as in deep-fat fryers. Note: 1. If there is a possibility of a fire in your premises involving material in the shaded boxes then you should seek advice from a competent person. 2. It is not safe to fight fires involving aerosols with fire extinguishers. 1. Number and type of extinguishers Typically for the Class A fire risk, the provision of one water-based extinguisher for approximately every 200m2 of floor space, with a minimum of two extinguishers per floor, will normally be adequate. Where it is determined that there are additionally other classes of fire risk, the appropriate type, number and size of extinguisher should be provided. Further information is available in BS 5306-8.18 Where the fire risk is not confined to a particular location, e.g. Class A fires, the fire extinguishers should be positioned on escape routes, close to the exit from the room or floor, or the final exit from the building. Similarly, where the particular fire risk is specifically located, e.g. flammable liquids, the appropriate fire extinguisher should be near to the hazard, and located so that it can be safely used. They should be placed on a dedicated stand or hung on a wall at a convenient height so that employees can easily lift them off (at about 1m for larger extinguishers, 1.5m for smaller ones, to the level of the handle). Ideally no one should have to travel more than 30m to reach a fire extinguisher. If there is a risk of malicious