1 and 2 responders, other organisations not covered by the Act, as well as the media. These are quite often chaired by local police representatives. The BBCÕs local radio service is recognised as an emergency broadcaster for the UK and its editors can be contacted for advice and to agree contact details and processes in the event of an emergency. Planning before a crisis is key and the importance of a good pre-existing relationship between those in the media and those involved in emergency planning and work during a crisis cannot be overestimated. Editors contact details can be found via the BBCÕs ÔConnecting in a CrisisÕ framework 3.3 The media landscape is continuing to develop. Some of the biggest growth has been in online news services. The media, particularly the broadcast media, can expect huge demand for their online service. Mobile phones with cameras and other similar devices mean that the public are able to publish their own content. Within seconds of a disaster, pictures can be broadcast around the world, sometimes before the emergency services have had a chance to respond. 33 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-15250977 7.129. The broadcast media are much more audience focused and their questions will reflect audience concerns. They are also aware that big emergencies attract big audiences and responders need to be prepared to deal with such large numbers. Social media 7.130. Recent years have seen an exponential growth in the use of social media by society and, as such, it is an area that emergency responders cannot ignore; whilst having little control over it. The COI guidance Engaging through Social Media http://www.coi.gov.uk/documents/Engaging_through_social_media.pdf outlines the advantages and issues for consideration across a range of day-to-day government roles. 7.131. The communications landscape has significantly shifted with the advent and development of social media. It has a role to play in preparing for, responding to and recovering from emergencies. It provides emergency responders with the capability to engage in two-way communication with the public in real- time, potentially sending messages ÔvirallyÕ and, in doing so, creating a number of believable spokespersons. Analysis of social media can also aid situational awareness and better understanding of the working context. 7.132. The benefits that social media can provide are clear. However, there are risks to its usage and these should be evaluated before deployment: o As an Ôopt-inÕ service, it can be difficult to attract users in advance of events, ensuring they receive messages encouraging preparedness. o Messages can be altered and spoofed once transmitted which may cause the integrity of the message to be compromised. o Responders will want to be aware of activity on social media sites and engage where possible to counter erroneous messages. Providing links through to official websites may help to alleviate this to some extent. 7.133. LRFs may also wish to consider the benefits of agreeing a multi-agency social media protocol to ensure usage is consistent with both individual, and multi-organisational policy. Examples of use of social media: West Yorkshire Police used social media during demonstrations