The job of the HART is to triage and treat casualties and to help save lives in very difficult circumstances. They are also there to look after other emergency personnel who may become injured while attending these difficult and challenging incidents. Urban search and rescue (USAR) are a functional support sector for the fire and rescue service. USAR respond to incidents involving unstable and collapsed structures resulting from deliberate or accidental causes. They search, detect, locate and rescue trapped casualties and support the recovery of the deceased. This includes working in environments that are difficult to access such as underground, in restricted spaces or at heights. They also respond to serious transportation incidents involving trains, trams and aircraft. Within these challenging environments, USAR teams have various specialised methods and an array of equipment allowing them to conduct: technical searches breaking and breaching lifting and moving propping and shoring to stabilise structures and prevent further collapse Their capability in England and Wales includes: fully trained responders prime movers equipment modules national tactical advisors canine search capability within each USAR zone The National Fire Chiefs Council and the National Police ChiefsÕ Council have a memorandum of understanding to support policing in mass fatality incidents. Back to Civil contingencies overview Tags Civil emergencies Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Revised Guidance May 2016 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Revised Guidance Presented to Parliament pursuant to section 47(4) of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 May 2016 © Crown copyright 2016 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government- licence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 4DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gsi.gov.uk. Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned. This publication is available at www.gov.uk/government/publications Any enquiries regarding this publication should be sent to us at SeriousYouthViolence@homeoffice.gsi.gov.uk. Print ISBN 9781474132954 Web ISBN 9781474132961 ID 16051601 05/16 Printed on paper containing 75% recycled fibre content minimum. Printed in the UK by the Williams Lea Group on behalf of the Controller of Her MajestyÕs Stationery Office Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Contents 1. Introduction 5 1.1. Background 5 1.2. Terminology used in the guidance 5 1.3. Purpose of the guidance 5 2. Gang injunctions: the basics 7 2.1. What are gang injunctions? 7 2.2. What is gang-related violence? 7 2.3. What is gang-related drug dealing? 8 2.4. Which groups are not suitable for gang injunctions? 8 2.5. Who can apply for a gang injunction? 8 2.6. How do Ôwith noticeÕ and Ôwithout noticeÕ applications differ? 8 2.7. What prohibitions and requirements can gang injunctions impose? 9 2.8. How do gang injunctions fit with other measures to tackle gangs? 9 3. Young people and gangs 10 3.1. Young peopleÕs involvement in gangs 10 3.2. Issues to consider