their Integrated Care System and primary care networks supported the placement of Independent Domestic Violence Advisors (IDVAs) or other accredited domestic abuse peer advocacy programme. These specialised trauma-informed services might then be best placed to follow up with any disclosures of abuse; a greater understanding of local referral pathways; specialist recovery and peer advocacy services to which they can refer or signpost victims, survivors or perpetrators dependent upon their unique situation. Healthcare professionals should seek to create opportunities to speak to patients without the presence of others to facilitate the opportunity for abuse to be disclosed. Appropriately qualified professional interpreters should be used where needed to mitigate the risk of reliance on those who may be attending with the victim. Health professionals should not be relying on family members or partners for interpretation services when enquiring about domestic abuse. There is a significant risk that people experiencing domestic abuse may be less likely to disclose abuse with someone they know in the room. It may increase the risk to the victim if they disclose abuse in front of the perpetrator or someone who could share that information with the perpetrator. Health professionals are often the only professionals with an optimal opportunity to speak privately and safely with victims of domestic abuse and therefore should ensure that where possible, only professional, and independent interpreters are used. Speaking with victims alone can be difficult. For example, speaking with women alone can be difficult within maternity services. Pregnant women may be accompanied by their partners, family members or friends in attending antenatal appointments or making ultrasound scan visits. Whilst this is challenging, considering domestic abuse can start or exacerbate during pregnancy seeking to create opportunities for private discussion can be crucial. See ‘Pregnancy’ section in ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’. Recognising the increase in remote healthcare assessments, guidance has been developed on routine enquiry within ‘virtual’ health settings. This guidance sets out steps to help health professionals identify and respond to those who may be at risk, and it can be applied to many areas where routine enquiries occur, for example maternity services as well as general practice. Integrated response To ensure joint local Health and Wellbeing Strategies, and the commissioning of relevant health and public health services, meet the needs of the local population, local 159 See Pathfinder Tooklit. 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance health and public health partners should work together. This can be achieved through the Health and Wellbeing Board, to produce a needs assessment and this should include consideration of domestic abuse victims. The CSEW for the year ending March 2018, found that 33% of victims experiencing partner abuse received medical attention as a result of physical injuries and other effects. Around one in five partner abuse victims reported telling healthcare professionals about this abuse.160 Therefore, it is vital health professionals are supported, via specialist training and partnership working, to respond effectively and ensure victims have an effective non-criminal justice-based support option available