include, where appropriate: ? a needs analysis ? determination of operational requirement ? independent (of the manufacturer) technical and medical assessment (to include capability, limitations effect and lethality) ? operational performance trials. The approval process will take into account relevant strategic, ethical, operational and societal issues. 5.1.6 The threshold for requiring Home Office approval will be met when: ? a new weapons system Ð which has no precedent of use by law enforcement in England and Wales Ð meets the definition of a less lethal weapon (or certain specialist munitions) ? a significant change (technical, physical or usage) is made to an approved less lethal weapon (or certain specialist munitions) ? a new weapons system, or a change to an approved weapons system, represents a potential change to the UK model of policing by consent. 5.1.7 Where there is any doubt whether the need for Home Office approval applies to a less lethal weapon system (or certain specialist munitions), or changes to a less lethal weapon system (or certain specialist munitions), it must be referred to the Home Office and the relevant NPCC lead for consideration. The decision on whether Home Office approval is required will be made on a case by case basis by the Home Office following consultation with relevant parties. 5.1.8 Where this threshold is not met, the Home Office will notify the NPCC as such, and the decision on approval may be undertaken by the NPCC, taking into account factors as set out in paragraph 5.1.6. 5.1.9 As set out in the APP-AP, chief officers must not use new less lethal weapons except in accordance with this code. 5.2 The process for Home Office approval of less lethal weapon systems 5.2.1 Chief officers must monitor: ? emerging capability gaps in their forces, by means of the strategic threat and risk assessment process ? in cooperation with each other and the relevant national policing lead, the availability of new less lethal weapon systems which may improve the safety of operations. ? 5.2.2 When a new less lethal weapon (or certain specialist munitions) is identified which requires Home Office approval, the Home Office will provide police with guidance on the information (as set out in paragraph 5.1.6) required to demonstrate its suitability for use by police forces in England and Wales. 5.2.3 The Home Office will then commission independent technical and medical advice to assess the technical characteristics and medical implications associated with the weapon systemÕs use. The Home Office will take into account all relevant information and make a decision on approval. 5.2.4 A similar process will take place to allow the Home Office to consider the approval of a significant technical, physical or usage change to a pre-approved less lethal weapon (or certain specialist munitions). 5.3 The acquisition and use of less lethal weapons 5.3.1 Chief officers will be responsible for the acquisition of less lethal weapons (which have already been approved through the NPCC/Home Office process) for use in their force areas, on the basis