Removing or reducing the hazards that might cause a fire Have you: – Removed or reduced sources of ignition? – Removed or reduced sources of fuel? – Removed or reduced sources of air or oxygen? Have you removed or reduced the risks to people if a fire occurs by: – Considering the need for fire detection and for warning? – Considering the need for firefighting equipment? – Determining whether your escape routes are adequate? – Determining whether your lighting and emergency lighting are adequate? – Checking that you have adequate signs and notices? – Regularly testing and maintaining safety equipment? – Considering whether you need any other equipment or facilities? In Step 4 there are four further elements of the risk assessment you should focus on to address the management of fire safety in your premises. In smaller premises this could be done as part of the day-to-day management, however, as the premises or the organisation get larger it may be necessary for a formal structure and written policy to be developed. Further guidance on managing fire safety is given in Part 2, Section 7 on page 39. 30 4.1 Record the significant findings and action taken If you or your organisation employ five or more people, your premises are licensed, or an alterations notice requiring you to do so is in force, you must record the significant findings of your fire risk assessment and the actions you have taken. Significant findings should include details of: • The fire hazards you have identified (you donÕt need to include trivial things like a small tin of solvent based glue). • The actions you have taken or will take to remove or reduce the chance of a fire occurring (preventive measures). • Persons who may be at risk, particularly those at greatest risk. • The actions you have taken or will take to reduce the risk to people from the spread of fire and smoke (protective measures). • The actions people need to take in case of fire including details of any persons nominated to carry out a particular function (your emergency plan). • The information, instruction and training you have identified that people need and how it will be given. You may also wish to record discussions you have had with staff or staff representatives (including trade unions). Even where you are not required to record the significant findings, it is good practice to do so. In some very small offices and shops, record keeping may be no more than a few sheets of paper (possibly forming part of a health and safety folder), containing details of significant findings, any action taken and a copy of the emergency plan. The record could take the form of a simple list which may be supported by a simple plan of the premises (see Figure 12). In more complex premises, it is best to keep a dedicated record including details of significant findings, any action taken, a copy of the emergency plan, maintenance of