safety advice Police forces must ensure that: a competent person is responsible for fire safety issues within each force and reads, understands and ensures compliance with PCDG Section 17, custody fire safety in all operational custody suites smoke detection equipment which automatically and rapidly detects smoke within a cell is regularly tested and recorded an appropriate plan is in place that allows staff to safely evacuate the cell in which the fire has occurred without placing the life of that detainee, other detainees or their own lives at serious risk Inadequate ventilation systems Smoke modelling shows that a ventilation and fire detection system which meets PCDG provides the best protection for detainees and staff. Waiting for the fire and rescue service is not an appropriate or adequate response. In the event of a cell fire, smoke is released into the corridor, so it is essential that custody staff are trained to use cell fire rescue methods and know that it is critical that the cell door is closed after rescue. Ventilation systems meeting PCDG guidance help to ensure that other cells are kept clear of smoke and that smoke is cleared from the cell corridor. Inappropriate and inadequate ventilation systems in older suites that do not achieve negative air pressure within the cell place staff and other detainees at risk when the cell door is opened. Custody staff should be made aware of the individual fire and ventilation hazards in their custody suite so they can immediately attend to the welfare of detainees in locked cells, as well as their own safety. Back to Detention and custody overview Tags Detention and custody Home Crime, justice and the law Your rig hts and legal support Data protection The UK's data protection legislation Data protection legislation controls how your personal information is used by organisations, including businesses and government departments. In the UK, data protection is governed by the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018. Everyone responsible for using personal data has to follow strict rules called ‘data protection principles’ unless an exemption applies. There is a g uide to the data protection exemptions on the Information Commissioner’s Oﬃce (ICO) website. Anyone responsible for using personal data must make sure the information is: Related content Personal data an employer can keep about an employee Request CCTV footage of yourself used fairly, lawfully and transparently used for specified, explicit purposes used in a way that is adequate, relevant and limited to only what is necessary accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date kept for no longer than is necessary handled in a way that ensures appropriate security, including protection against unlawful or unauthorised processing, access, loss, destruction or damage There is stronger legal protection for more sensitive information, such as: race ethnic background political opinions religious beliefs trade union membership genetics biometrics (where used for identification) health sex life or orientation There are separate safeguards for personal data relating to criminal convictions and oﬀences. Your