26/5. 38. It is acceptable for a door to be secured by a system of driven bolt work which is to the following standard: a) the bolt work can be either lever or key driven. b) the bolts should operate: i) along the opening edge, driving a minimum of 3 bolts, set equally spaced down that edge; i) Or ii) along opening edge, top and bottom, of the door. c) where the door has no bottom channel or frame, a bolt operating in the lower section of the opening edge of the door to replace that in the preceding paragraph; d) the bolt work may include driven bolts acting as hinge bolts down the hanging side of the door. The number of such driven bolts must be the same as on a door with fixed hinge bolts; e) the bolts must be of good quality steel; f) on solid timber/steel lined doors, the bolt work can either be internally secured to the door or morticed into the door either during construction or at fitting; g) on sheet steel doors the bolts must be installed either: i) in steel pockets constructed from similar material to the door, continuously welded to the door; ii) on a 10mm plate door, in at least 2 steel carriers constructed from 50mm by 10mm steel angle continuously welded to the doorplate. iii) on a 6mm steel door with framing, the outer carrier may be the existing angle with a 6mm reinforcing plate welded continuously to the inner face of the angle and extending at least 25mm above and below the bolt slot top and bottom edges. Where round bolts are fitted, the steel angle should be not less than 60mm on that side through which the bolts pass. h) the bolt work must be secured by a lock to BS3621-2017, engaging into the driving bars. It must effectively detain the whole of the linkage in the locked position when operated. The lock to be fitted in either a steel pocket or carrier welded to the interior of the door; i) in the case of a handle operated locking system, it must be designed so the handle is of a weak construction and cannot be used to place leverage on the mechanism when the door is locked; j) any handles fitted to either timber or steel doors should be of weak construction to prevent their being used in any attack on the door; k) on timber door frames, long plate lock boxes, or a 1.5mm (16swg) thick bolt protection strip should be fitted to the frame on the opening side; l) if the door is outward opening, an anti-bar strip may be incorporated to frustrate attacks on the locking side. 39. Where the ceiling of the room is accessible from a vulnerable area, e.g. a loft, its security should be enhanced by the installation of a weldmesh grille secured to the walls of the room or if an alarm is fitted, by a method of detecting any