form; and • the notice must be sent to the address specified for that form of electronic communication. 15.25 When accepting a gun from a Òperson unknownÓ or when accepting an unlicensed gun, a dealer should notify the local police firearms licensing department. When firearms are handed in for destruction, the dealer should make the appropriate entry in his register and, if the person handing in the weapon is a certificate holder, he should be advised to notify the transaction in the ordinary way. When the dealer intends to destroy any such firearm he should advise the police so that they may be present if they so wish. Police should oversee the destruction if at all possible. Where this is not possible, the dealer should provide the police with some form of proof that the destruction took place. 15.26 There is no legislative requirement to notify chief officers of police when transferring firearms to persons who are exempt for certification purposes, but again dealers are encouraged to do so with an explanation as to the exemption. Postal sales are no longer permitted other than to those who are exempt for certification purposes (including registered firearms dealers). The recipient dealer should show the weapon coming into the register and going out. 138 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ÒRemoteÓ Sales 15.27 ÒRemoteÓ sales are those sales made when a registered firearms dealer (RFD) sells a firearm or shotgun to a purchaser who is not present at the moment of sale and wants the newly acquired firearm or shotgun sent to another RFD for collection. First and foremost the RFD selling the firearm must see the purchaserÕs firearm or shotgun certificate before the sale is undertaken in accordance with section 3(2) of the Firearms Act 1968. Having checked the certificate, the RFD fills in the necessary details and returns it to the purchaser. Then, within 7 days, the RFD notifies the chief officer of police who issued the purchaserÕs certificate. The notification must include a description of the firearm/shotgun. Having paid the RFD who sold the gun, the purchaser nominates a second dealer in a location where he or she wishes to take possession of it. The RFD arranging the transfer should obtain a copy of the second dealerÕs certificate of registration The RFD who sold it will arrange for it to be forwarded accordingly and make the necessary entries in his Register recording the name of the new owner, their certificate number and the name of the dealer to whom it was sent for collection. On receipt, that dealer will contact the purchaser who will arrange to collect the gun in person. Before taking possession, the new owner must provide satisfactory proof of their identity and present the certificate which has been already completed with the details of the firearm. The purchaser must notify the transfer to his chief officer of police within 7 days and the RFD who handed the gun over will record the transfer in both the ÒInÓ and