instances we would advise you to send the information via secure email rather than over the open internet. Where an email form will be accompanied by a completed Financial Questionnaire (form NSV003), consideration should be given to the statement below prior to sending. Before you send this information electronically, we must make you aware that if you are sending it over the internet (i.e. from a non-secure mailbox) then it may be open to abuse because it is transmitted over an unsecured network. Where possible you should use a work email on a secure network. All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Industry Security Notice Number 2024/08 (Issued 16/08/2024) Subject: Changes to the MOD Form 680 process to incorporate US ITAR. Introduction 1. The United Kingdom is adapting its existing Ministry of Defence Form 680 (now to be referred to as F680) security process to become the administrative vehicle through which it will review and enable the release of United States International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) controlled defence articles, including technical data, to foreign persons within or outside of the UK. 2. The F680 is primarily a security procedure, that enables the UK Government to control when, how, and if Defence Related Classified Material is released by UK defence contractors, suppliers or companies to foreign entities, generally for the purposes of export promotion or sales of equipment or services. 3. As part of the UK-US export control reforms, the UK has secured a commitment from the US for an exemption from the ITAR to enable easier defence trade between the UK, US, and Australia, bringing significant benefits to UK industry and reducing barriers to collaboration. Amendments 4. To achieve these reforms it was necessary to amend the F680 process to incorporate the requirement for a UK contractor, supplier or company to apply for and receive an F680 approval to release ITAR material to any foreign entity, including where these transfers occur within the UK borders. 5. Therefore, in addition to those already required to obtain F680 approval, namely: a. Those FSC cleared companies and, a. b. Those obligated to comply with the UK OFFICIAL and OFFICIAL- SENSITIVE Security Conditions; this requirement adds: c. Those Contractors who become part of the AUKUS Authorised User Community and, d. Those UK companies dealing with US ITAR controlled material. 6. The F680 application form on SPIRE has been updated with mandatory questions requesting confirmation that the application includes the release of defence articles including technical data subject to controls under the ITAR. If yes, applicants will then need to provide the relevant references for the licence, agreement, or authorisation under which the ITAR material was received from the US. Applicants will also be required to detail how long the ITAR material will be in their possession, which will help inform the requirement for an F680 assurance inspection which the UK MOD has also introduced to enable the exemption from ITAR. 7. This F680