declares the construction of a given armour model. Design The shape or style of a specific construction of protective panel. Development testing Any test work conducted by a manufacturer in the development process of body armour. Extended coverage panels Additional panels of armour, of the same construction as unformed armour, intended to provide protection to areas other than the torso. Extreme temperature testing Testing of armour after pre-conditioning in an extreme temperature environment. Fair strike An impact that adheres to the specified minimum acceptable criteria in terms of strike placement and velocity requirements. Feathering A gradual step down of armour layers around edges to enhance conformance, comfort and fit of the armour. Formed armour Shaped panels of body armour which are not flat; typically designed for females. Fragmentation Small high velocity projectiles; often generated as a product of an explosive event or disintegration of a ballistic round. Held Non-perforation of armour as a result of ballistic, knife or spike testing. In-life monitoring (ILM) Periodical testing of in-life armour to check continued operational performance. Investigation An examination of non-conformance to production quality testing requirements or in-service failure. Pencilling A narrow indentation of soft body armour into the ballistic backing material in instances where the armour has not been perforated. Penetration Any impact that results in the entry of an object through the strike face of the armour. Perforation Any impact resulting in a complete breach of the armour. Plates Hard armour designed to protect against specific test rounds, typically rifle and shotgun. Production quality testing (PQT) Periodic testing of certified armour to ensure production batches continue to perform at certification levels. Product life expectancy Duration over which protective panel is specified to provide the protection level it is being tested for. Projectile A fired, thrown, or otherwise propelled object. Protective panels Constituent panels of protective material of a given construction, enclosed in an armour cover. This may be referred to as ÔpanelsÕ in the document, unless stated otherwise. Redacted technical file Reduced technical file providing information to enable test facilities to conduct pre-test assessments and construction checks. Shaped backing Backing material shaped to represent human torso morphologies. Soft armour Unformed or formed armour without any plate elements. Spall Debris from the rear surface of the armour that is released as a result of a ballistic impact. Stab dampers Discs of closed-cell foam, fitted into the knife sabot that increase the duration of knife impacts making them more representative of recorded human biomechanical data. Stab sabot Device that supports the knife or spike in the guided-mass drop test assembly. This may be referred to as ÔsabotÕ in the document. Standalone An armour intended to be worn independently of soft armour backing. Most commonly referred to in the context of plates. Strike face The surface of the body armour designated by the manufacturer to face the threat (the side oriented away from the body). Technical file Comprehensive document containing technical details pertaining to armour submitted for certification. Test series A set of fair