pistols and rifles. 12.48 Small cartridge-firing firearms which come under section 5(1)(aba) of the 1968 Act may only be used under the specific authority of the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers, at specified locations. These are distinct from long-barrelled pistols and long-range pistols which are section 1 firearms. 12.49 Under section 44 of the 1997 Act, a person whose only reason for possessing a rifle or muzzle-loading pistol is for target shooting must be a member of a target shooting club approved by the Home Office or the Scottish Government Safer Communities Directorate. They are subject to the condition that the rifle or muzzle- loading pistol is only to be used for target shooting. The applicant is not confined to shooting only under the auspices of that club and many applicants will wish to shoot with other clubs. However, membership of a particular club will generally be the core of the applicantÕs Ògood reasonÓ and is likely to be the focus of much of their shooting activity. In some cases however, the Ògood reasonÓ for certain 104 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law firearms may be activities in a club other than the one nominated club. Long- barrelled pistols, long-range pistols, shot guns falling within section 1 of the 1968 Act and full bore rifles designed or adapted to fire ammunition capable of discharging projectiles at muzzle energies greater than 10,000 foot-pounds do not fall within the three Home Office categories of approval for target shooting clubs, and therefore they cannot take advantage of the free club certificate issued to Home Office approved clubs. They can, however, be held on an individualÕs firearm certificate as long as they have the facilities to use the firearms for target shooting. Long-barrelled revolvers, long-range pistols, shot guns falling within section 1 of the 1968 Act and full bore rifles designed or adapted to fire ammunition capable of discharging projectiles at muzzle energies greater than 10,000 foot-pounds may not be borrowed at a range for use by other club members. 12.50 An applicant should have access to appropriate ranges for the types of firearm concerned. The National Small-bore Rifle Association and the National Rifle Association (or similar organisations) will have inspection and approval systems in place for ranges run by their club members. Independent assessments are also viable. 12.51 Muzzle-loaders and other users of black powder need to hold an Explosives Certificate, a Recipient Competent Authority issued under the Placing on the Market and Supervision of Transfer of Explosives Regulations in order to possess/transfer black powder, though not for Pyrodex and other smokeless powders (SI 1993/2714). The Recipient Competent Authority is now included on all new explosives certificates. 12.52 Target shooting will normally involve shooting disciplines or activities under the general auspices of one of the main national shooting organisations (see paragraph 12.46 above and other national organisations such as the Historical Breechloading Smallarms Association and the Vintage Arms Association) but will not necessarily be to their competition rules. It will involve shooting