avoid the applicant incurring unnecessary travel costs. 195 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Dispatch of permits 26.19 The completed permit should be sent to the sponsor who will forward it to the visitor in their country of origin for presentation to the Border Force on arrival in this country. The visitorsÕ permit will be accepted in lieu of an import licence issued by the Department for International Trade (DIT). A visitor must carry their permit with them on leaving the country for presentation to the Border Force at the point of departure. An export licence would only be required for onward destinations not covered by the firearms personal effects exception in the Export of Goods (Control) Order (EG(C)O), that is those countries subject to arms embargoes. In some cases, the permit will be valid for further visits. Diplomats and royal visitors 26.20 Members of the Diplomatic Corps in London are not visitors and the normal considerations for the grant of a firearm or shot gun certificate apply (see also Chapter 10). Visiting diplomats and foreign dignitaries are, however, eligible for the grant of visitorsÕ permits subject to the normal requirements of section 17 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 being met. Controls on visitorsÕ permit holders buying shot guns in Great Britain 26.21 Section 17(1A) of the 1988 Act contains restrictions on the purchase and acquisition of certain shot guns by the holder of a visitorÕs shot gun permit. The restrictions only apply to transactions involving shot guns with a magazine. Single- shot shot guns are not subject to these restrictions. A single-shot shot gun means any shot gun which can fire only one shot from each barrel without reloading. Single-barrelled single-shot shot guns, double-barrelled shot guns and multi- barrelled shot guns which have no magazine fall within this definition. 26.22 The purpose of this provision is to ensure that no visitor can purchase or acquire a shot gun with a magazine in Great Britain without holding a licence granted by DIT to remove the gun from Great Britain. 26.23 A visitorsÕ shot gun permit shall not authorise the purchase or acquisition of a shot gun with a magazine unless one of the following requirements are met, namely that: (a) the permit holder has a licence issued by DIT to export the gun from Great Britain; (b) the gun will be exported from Great Britain; or (c) the terms of acquisition restrict the permit holderÕs possession of the gun to the whole or part of their stay in Great Britain and prevent its removal from Great Britain. 196 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 26.24 The onus is on permit holders to show vendors or transferors that they satisfy one of the above requirements. If none of the requirements are met, and the transaction takes place, permit holders will be committing an offence under section 2 of the 1968 Act and the vendors or transferors an offence under section 3(2) of that Act. 26.25 Any transaction with a permit holder in