of Assets include but are not limited to: • Information Assets Ð databases, data files, voice records, image files, system documentation, user manuals, training material, operational and support procedures, business continuity plans, fallback arrangements • Paper Documents Ð contracts, guidelines, corporate documentation, documents containing important performance data • Software Assets Ð application software, system software, development tools and utilities • Physical Assets Ð computer (including laptop computers, PDA, Blackberry, flash memory devices) and communications equipment • Corporate Assets Ð organisational image and reputation • Services / Infrastructure Ð computing and communications services, utilities including heating, lighting, power, air-conditioning Asset Values & Potential Impacts In order to identify the appropriate protection for Assets, they will be valued in terms of implications to operations and business. These values will be expressed in terms of the potential impacts of unwanted incidents from Confidentiality, Integrity and / or Availability loss perspectives. In order to assess these potential losses consistently, a value scale for Assets will be applied. For each Asset and each of the possible losses, a value will be assigned. Threats Assets are subject to many threats. Threats have the potential to cause unwanted incidents resulting in harm to a system and or Assets. This harm can occur from a direct or indirect attack against information for example unauthorized disposal, destruction, disclosure, modification, corruption and availability or loss of Assets. Threats can originate from accidental or deliberate sources or events but need to exploit system, application or service vulnerabilities in order to successfully cause harm to assets. (Threat type examples appear at Annex F). Vulnerabilities These are weaknesses associated with Assets which may be exploited by a threat causing unwanted incidents resulting in loss, harm or damage to Assets. Vulnerabilities in and of themselves do not cause harm Ð they are conditions or sets of conditions allowing a threat to adversely affect an Asset. Table of contents Security Risks A security risk is the potential that a given threat will exploit vulnerabilities to cause loss or damage to an asset or group of Assets. Measures of risk are determined from the combination of Asset value and assessed levels of related threats and associated vulnerabilities (threat x vulnerability x impact / value). Security Requirements There are three (3) main sources of security requirements to be documented in the ISMS: • Unique security risks which could lead to significant losses in operational / enabling service capability if they are realised • Statutory, regulatory and contractual obligations which must be satisfied by WP and trusted third parties • Unique principles, objectives and obligations that WP has developed to support operations and business processes and which apply to our IS Once these security requirements have been identified, they will be formulated in terms of requirements for Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability. Security Issues When determining security requirements, it is important to understand what damage risks can do to operations and business. When establishing the context, identifying potential risks and valuing assets the following questions will be asked: •