and appeals) and the enforcement of any breaches. These amendments to Schedule 4 in turn make the necessary amendments to the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 (LASPO) to provide for this. New civil order to compel the disconnection of unauthorised mobile phones in prison (new clause "Prevention or restriction of use of communication devices by prisoners etc" and amendments to clauses 76 and 77 and the long title) Under section 40D(3A) of the Prison Act 1952 it is an offence to possess a mobile phone in prison without authorisation. Unauthorised mobile phones in prisons enable organised criminals to carry on offending from prison, and can facilitate a range of other criminal activity such as radicalisation, harassment or drug dealing. We know of cases of serious crimes including large drug imports, escapes and murders being organised from prison, enabled by illicit mobile phones. The National Offender Management Service (NOMS) takes a range of approaches to tackle this problem including measures to stop phones getting into prisons and measures to find and seize phones in prisons. Indeed, in 2013/14 NOMS seized over 7,400 SIM cards and phones in prisons in England and Wales. Nonetheless, these measures are only a partial solution and significant numbers of unauthorised phones remain in use. Following discussions with mobile network operators, new clause "Prevention or restriction of use of communication devices by prisoners etc" confers a power on the Secretary of State and the Scottish Ministers to make regulations, subject to the affirmative procedure, conferring power on the County Court in England and Wales (and the Sheriff in Scotland) to make a telecommunications restriction order. The effect of such an order would be to require the relevant communications provider(s) to blacklist unauthorised mobile phone handsets and block SIM cards in prison (or other relevant institutions, namely (in England and Wales) young offender institutions, secure training centres and secure colleges). We expect that applications for such orders would normally be made by NOMS having identified unauthorised phones and SIM cards that are in use in a particular prison. Subsection (3) of the new clause sets out the matters that must be addressed in any regulations, including provision conferring rights on persons to make representations and provision about appeals. Subsection (4) of the new clause identifies further matters which may be provided for in any regulations, for example provision about the enforcement of orders (it would not be necessary to make such provision if, as we currently envisage, the normal rules governing contempt of court are to apply). Preparation or training abroad for terrorism (amendments to clause 77) Clause 72 of the Bill extends extra-territorial jurisdiction (ETJ) to enable persons who commit acts abroad that constitute an offence under section 5 (preparation of terrorist acts) or 6 (training for terrorism) of the Terrorism Act 2006 to be prosecuted in the UK. So that, in appropriate cases, early action can be taken to prosecute individuals carrying out preparatory activities and terrorist training abroad, these amendments provide