a reasonable amount of time pending advice on disposal (for example: food containing dairy or raw meat). In these circumstances it will be appropriate to dispose of the item(s) in an appropriate waste bin as soon as practicable. 5.2 Consumption of perishable Items prior to obtaining authorisation It is made clear in this policy that authorisation must be sought before accepting gifts or hospitality. However, it is recognised that some offers made in good faith will be of perishable food and drink that will spoil if stored awaiting authorisation. In cases such as this, as long as the offer is proportionate to the role the officer is fulfilling then immediate consumption will be appropriate. The individual Officer will be expected to apply this test using their common sense and should seek guidance from a supervisor if required. For example: A box of 6 cream cakes worth £5 offered to a response Officer to share with their shift colleagues may be proportionate, however, the offer to the same officer of a three course meal worth £50 would not. Table of contents DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Professional Standards Department Policy Owner/Author: Supt. Head of Professional Standards / SSO Sarah Husband Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Deputy Chief Constable Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 30.07.2018 2.0 Draft v1.3 published as substantive version 2.0 replacing ACPO Guidelines on Gifts, Gratuities and Hospitality 25012 as Force policy. 11.03.2021 3.0 Scheduled review minor changes to regulation and post titles. 02.05.2023 4.0 Minor changes to process only Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Force Policy Officer 10.05.2023 4.0 Supt. Steve COX (Head of PSD) 02.05.2023 4.0 JNCC (Not required for all policies) N/A Minor amendments only Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version Professional Standards portal /local force circulation 02.05.2023 4.0 Other Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements No additional training requirements IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required. Overview We are all personally responsible for our behaviour at work and should all treat our colleagues fairly and with dignity. This procedure outlines what we should do if we have a grievance to raise within the workplace. The Force and OPCC also recognise that some disagreements in the workplace can be normal in some cases where the role is of a challenging nature or environment, and this can apply in many areas of the Police force and the OPCC. When this occurs the vision of the organisation is to support all parties to resolve the concerns, and work together to conclude disputes and conflicts proactively, collaboratively, and in a timely manner. It is the aim of the organisation to reassure all colleagues that no one should feel reprisal in the event of raising a grievance. The document is aimed to provide information for you, your line