the path they take after graduation. The NYS Legislature should create a graduation requirement that all high schoolers must complete a semester-long financial literacy course. This course will be taken in 12th grade and will teach students the fundamentals of financial literacy, including personal financial knowledge, investment skills, and basic budgeting skills. Students should graduate high school with an understanding of the importance of credit scores, savings accounts, and other practical financial skills. Policy Analysis Research consistently shows that financial literacy education improves financial behaviors and outcomes. States that offer financial literacy courses, such as Georgia, Texas, and Idaho, have reported higher credit scores and lower loan delinquency rates among students who complete these courses.8 Additionally, students who receive a financial literacy education tend to struggle less with debt and report a better quality of life as adults.10 Financial literacy education fosters a sense of security and independence, reducing stress and improving mental health, contributing to overall life satisfaction by equipping students with the knowledge to make informed financial decisions, manage their budgets, and avoid excessive debt.11 Given the success of financial literacy courses in other states, implementing one in NYS is expected to yield similar results. Now more than ever, college is becoming increasingly expensive, with the price increasing 3.63% every year, forcing more students to take out loans than in the past.12,13 Additionally, Gen-Z has the worst debt management skills out of any generation, proving their inability to handle these loans responsibly.14 As this trend continues, it is clear students need help managing their debt, and a financial literacy course would provide significant support. Furthermore, studies show that students who received financial instruction in class were more likely to utilize low-interest college loans compared to their peers.14 Additionally, researchers found that financial literacy courses increased repayment rates among low-income and first-generation students.15 The ideal time to offer the course is 12th grade because students must be versed in financial literacy once they graduate high school, however the topic should be fresh in their minds as they become adults and begin to navigate their finances. The financial literacy requirement for NYS is extremely important, as students will not only be better equipped to finance their postsecondary education but will gain necessary financial skills that will help them lead happier, more successful lives. Highlights • Many teenagers feel unprepared to manage their finances, as about half of college students lack confidence in their money management skills. • NYS does not mandate a dedicated financial literacy course, leaving most students without essential financial skills for everyday life. • The NYS Legislature should require all high school students to complete a semester-long financial literacy course in 12th grade, covering crucial topics like budgeting, credit scores, and savings. • Implementing this course would likely improve studentsÕ financial behaviors, leading to better debt management, higher credit scores, and enhanced overall life satisfaction, as demonstrated by successful programs in other states. Implementation In 2023, the NYS Senate introduced Bill S4860A to the State SenateÕs Education