also wish to consider whether to highlight this to the relevant safeguarding lead in your organisation. What should I do if the girlÕs family assure me that the case has been reported to the police under the duty, but I cannot see any evidence of this? If there is no evidence to support this, or if the report was made by a professional belonging to a different profession, you should report the case to the police, and highlight that the family have indicated a report may have been made previously. You can reassure the family that if a report has already been made and an appropriate response put in place, then this will be identified by the police early on in the process. I know about the duty, and as a result, I want to avoid discussing FGM in the course of my work so that I donÕt have to deal with what is said. Is that ok? No. All professionals subject to this duty have wider professional and safeguarding responsibilities. If a professional deliberately avoids this issue and alters the care or support which they would otherwise give to the girl, this would conflict with their wider responsibilities and follow up action may be taken. Cases identified before 31 October 2015 I became aware before the duty came into effect (31 October 2015) that a girl under 18 had FGM carried out, am I required to report this? The mandatory reporting duty applies from 31 October 2015 onwards, and therefore does not apply to cases discovered before this. However, as a crime may have been committed, if you have concerns about a case prior to this date, you should consult your designated safeguarding lead to consider whether a report to the police may be appropriate. After making the report I made a report - will I be informed of the outcome and of any safeguarding action being taken? The police will provide you with feedback on the outcome of the case and about any follow-up action being taken. See section 3 for more information. What if the investigation identifies that there are no physical signs of the abuse, but the child gives an account of having undergone FGM? If a girl under 18 tells you, as part of a conversation you have initiated or otherwise, that she has had FGM, then you should treat this as a disclosure and make a report under the duty and take appropriate action in line with your local safeguarding processes. If you make a report as a result of such a disclosure and there is later found to be no physical evidence of FGM, you will not be penalised for making the report. The girlÕs family are scared and worried about the follow-up. What can I do to help reassure them and explain what they can expect? For further information, including advice and support about how to talk to girls and parents/guardians about FGM, see the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. You may