what works to prevent and tackle child sexual abuse and exploitation to inform policy and practice. 44. Delivering a focused programme of reforms to tackle child sexual abuse. In February 2017, the Government published its Tackling Child Sexual Exploitation: Progress Report and announced a £40m package of measures to protect children and young people from sexual abuse, exploitation and trafficking and to bring offenders to justice. 45. We have prioritised child sexual abuse as a national policing threat and are investing in specialist policing capability to ensure children are better protected. We provided significant extra investment to transform the police approach to child sexual exploitation (CSE), through our Police Transformation Fund, and the National Crime Agency has also received additional funding which will help it to tackle online child sexual exploitation even more effectively. The NCAÕs CEOP Command leads the law enforcement response to online child sexual exploitation and abuse and works with law enforcement agencies in the UK and overseas, to identify victims and pursue offenders engaged in grooming children on the internet. Specifically, £20 million has been provided to help combat child sexual exploitation and significantly increase our capability to target the online grooming of children. 46. The new Centre of Expertise on Child Sexual Abuse will also assess UK and international evidence on prevalence, responses and what works in tackling child sexual abuse and exploitation. To ensure the action we are taking is effective and adequate, we are: 47. Assessing whether the current legislative framework is able to deal appropriately with concerns about concealment of child abuse and neglect. As noted above, a small number of organisations that responded to the consultation suggested that a specific criminal offence in this area should be introduced. We will commit to scoping this issue fully and identify whether there are any gaps in the current statutory framework during the current Parliament, including working with representative organisations such as the NSPCC and the Office of the ChildrenÕs Commissioner. An appropriate offence would constitute the strongest response in terms of deterring and criminalising intentional cover-ups, such as those that advocates of mandatory reporting have pointed to in closed institutions. Such an offence may allow us to set a clearer bar in terms of targeting the most wilful and egregious behaviour. This may provide the strongest and most targeted response to address cases where child abuse is not reported due to a desire to protect personal position or institutional position. 10 48. It should also be noted that the Independent Inquiry on Child Sexual Abuse (IICSA) is looking at a range of settings in which there may have been institutional failings and high-profile instances of child sexual abuse being covered up. The Inquiry is hearing evidence currently and will present its recommendations in due course, which we will use to inform our future considerations. 49. Continuing to monitor and evaluate the evidence. Notwithstanding all of the arguments and existing evidence set out in this response, the Government remains committed to taking whatever action