the change could lead to the clubÕs approval by the Home Office or Scottish Government being withdrawn. If both the secretary and 154 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law the other designated responsible officer are both unable to fulfil their role, members of the club can continue to shoot using only those firearms held on their personal firearm certificates. In such cases, any firearms owned and held on the club firearm certificate cannot be used until a new approval letter has been issued. The new approval letter should be issued as soon as possible, if possible with no gap in the change over dates, in order that competition deadlines can be met. Subsequent checks on approved clubs 17.41 Rifle and muzzle-loading pistol clubs approved by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Government are required by section 15(7) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 to allow any constable or civilian officer duly authorised in writing to enter any premises occupied or used by the club and to inspect those premises and anything on them to ascertain whether the provisions of section 15 and any limitations or conditions in the approval are being complied with. The inspection should establish that the standard of the organisation and membership of the club remains satisfactory. 17.42 The clubÕs attendance register should also be checked to confirm that all members with personal firearm certificates are regularly attending and that the clubÕs return of members who have not shot with them for twelve months is accurate. The frequency of use of ranges will vary depending on the clubÕs individual circumstances. These will include the proximity of the nearest suitable range and the ease with which bookings can be made. Target shooters may be expected to use their firearms regularly, at least three times a year or provide a good reason that this has not been the case. This is not the case for firearms held for other reasons such as collecting or deerstalking. Historic arms may be held for occasional use, in order to avoid excess wear on old artefacts. 17.43 Where problems arise with the running of a club, which are not resolved by local discussion, and which might result in the withdrawal of the clubÕs approval, the facts should be reported without delay to the Home Office or the Scottish Government. In most circumstances, representations on the matters raised may be invited from the club secretary by the Home Office or the Scottish Government. Extension of club approval 17.44 Applications for the approval of a club under section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 to be extended to cover additional categories of firearm should be submitted on the online application system under the same procedure as set out in paragraph 17.7. A fee is payable for the extension of an approval. Club renewals 17.45 Section 15(5) of the 1988 Act provides that an approval under that section shall, unless withdrawn, continue in force for six years from the date on which it was granted.