or otherwise engaged for the purposes of, that body, and is of a prescribed description. An “additional police body” means— a body of constables which is maintained by an authority other than a local policing body and is prescribed in regulations made by the Secretary of State under this sub-paragraph, F786... [ F787(aa) a body required by section 26BA to enter into an agreement with the [F632Director General], or] [F788(b) the National Crime Agency.] The Secretary of State must obtain the consent of the Northern Ireland Assembly before making provision in regulations under this paragraph which would be within the legislative competence of the Northern Ireland Assembly. But consent under sub-paragraph (8) is not required in relation to a provision if— a Bill for an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly containing the provision would require the consent of the Secretary of State under section 8 of the Northern Ireland Act 1998, and the provision does not affect, other than incidentally, a transferred matter (within the meaning of that Act). Nothing in this paragraph prevents or restricts the holding of interviews to which regulations under this paragraph do not apply during the course of any investigation under this Schedule.] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 211 Restrictions on proceedings pending the conclusion of an investigation (1) No criminal or disciplinary proceedings shall be brought in relation to any matter which is the subject of an investigation in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule [F789 until— [F790(a) the conduct to which the investigation relates has been certified in accordance with regulations under paragraph 20A, or]] [F791(b)] a report on that investigation has been submitted to the [F632Director General] or to the appropriate authority under paragraph 22 [F792or 24A][F793or, where under paragraph 19 the Director General has personally carried out the investigation, a report has been completed by the Director General]. F794(2) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (3) The restrictions imposed by this paragraph in relation to the bringing of criminal proceedings shall not apply to the bringing of criminal proceedings by the Director of Public Prosecutions in any case in which it appears to him that there are exceptional circumstances which make it undesirable to delay the bringing of such proceedings. 212 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc.