line manager will discuss your wishes with you. 4.6 Time off Individuals who have had a miscarriage may need time off work to recover from the physical and emotional consequences. Those who have had a stillbirth are likely to require time off to recover from the physical effects of giving birth. In either case, the amount of time off that is needed will vary from individual to individual. Your right to time off and the type of leave that you can take depends on whether you have had a miscarriage or a stillbirth (see Definitions). 4.6.1 Miscarriage If you are unwell and unable to attend work following a miscarriage, we will handle this under our Attendance Management Procedure. You will need to self-certify absences of up to seven days or provide a GP's fit note for longer periods of absence in accordance with the policy. Your certificate or fit note should confirm that the absence is pregnancy-related. Your right to sick pay is also covered by the procedure. You may want to consider taking a period of annual leave if you do not qualify for paid sick leave. You should request this in the usual way. We will consider any request sympathetically. We are also willing to consider requests for periods of unpaid leave. You should discuss this with your line manager. Under our Compassionate Leave Policy, individuals are also entitled to 5 days' paid leave. Further information about how to request compassionate leave is contained in the policy. 4.6.2 Stillbirth Individuals who have had a stillbirth can take statutory maternity leave and (if eligible) receive statutory maternity pay. Maternity leave starts on the day after a stillbirth. If you would like to take maternity leave, you should tell us about the stillbirth as soon as possible and provide a copy of your MATB1 certificate if you have not already done so. Individuals can also take up to two weeks' statutory parental bereavement leave after their statutory maternity leave, and (if eligible) receive statutory parental bereavement pay. Further information can be found in section 7 under Parental Bereavement Leave. In addition to statutory parental bereavement leave, you may also be eligible for 5 days' paid leave under our Compassionate Leave Policy. 4.7 Practical and emotional support We offer a variety of practical and emotional support that may be relevant to those who have had a miscarriage or stillbirth for example via Health Assured, OHU and the Maternity Support Group and our intranet also signposts employees and managers to external sources of help and support, including: • The Miscarriage Association, which provides support and information to those affected by miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy or molar pregnancy and offers a pregnancy loss helpline; • Sands, which provides support to anyone who has been affected by stillbirth or neonatal death; • Tommy's, a charity that carries out research and supports those who have lost babies; • the Mariposa Trust, a charity that provides support to those affected by baby loss and bereavement; • •