exhaustive) Satisfied that the grievance has been resolved and the matter can be closed Not satisfied and wish to Appeal the outcome Commencing the mediation process Investigating Officer actions at the conclusion of the Formal stage Outcome: The Investigating Officer should confirm verbally the outcome of the resolution meeting within seven working days of the meeting taking place. Enter the mediation process: The HR representative will support and engage with the individual to organise for suitable mediation to take place. Timescales: The Investigating Officer should monitor the next seven working days and ensure the individual has reached their decision in relation to any further action. The matter cannot be left unresolved. Notification: The Grievance form on Unit 4 ERP should be completed and all relevant paperwork uploaded. This will be reviewed by HR prior to being signed off as complete. If the matter is resolved: The individual will receive information by email through the Unit 4 HR system. If the matter is unresolved: Individuals are invited to respond to the notification from the Unit4 HR system to appeal the outcome. The HR team will be notified of this and will progress as appropriate. Withdrawal of the grievance: The individual should notify HR to complete the closure of the Grievance form. Appeal ? Where an individual does not feel that their grievance has been resolved within the Formal stage, the individual may request an Appeal. They should respond to the Unit 4 notification to reject the outcome from the Formal stage. An appeal meeting does not require any subsequent investigation or rehearing of the case, unless deemed necessary. Appeals should normally be heard by an appropriate manager from the relevant ELT / SLT (Force / OPCC). The availability of the SLT/ELT manager may impact upon timescales and should be considered, and communicated, at the earliest opportunity. The assigned SLT/ELT manager will consider the reasons for the appeal within the information received and assess the appropriateness of previous conclusions. Outcome: The outcome of the appeal meeting should be confirmed in writing to the individual within seven working days of the meeting taking place. The appeal stage of the grievance procedure will now have been exhausted and this outcome is final. All paperwork must be attached to the Unit 4 ERP Grievance form. It should be highlighted, when all stages of the internal procedure have been exhausted, in some cases of grievance, it may still not be possible to mutually resolve differences. There is no further right to an internal appeal. ? General Information DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION Suitable for public release. HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT This policy has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act 1998 and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this