without sureties, conditioned as provided in paragraph 3, or by fixing the amount of the recognizances with a view to their being taken subsequently and, in the meantime, committing the person to custody as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)(a). Where a person is brought before the court after remand, the court may further remand the person. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 5 – Injunctions: powers to remand Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 169 (1) Where a person is remanded on bail, the court may direct that the person's recognizance be conditioned for the person's appearance— before that court at the end of the period of remand, or at every time and place to which during the course of the proceedings the hearing may from time to time be adjourned. Where a recognizance is conditioned for a person's appearance as mentioned in sub- paragraph (1)(b), the fixing of any time for the person next to appear is to be treated as a remand. Nothing in this paragraph affects the power of the court at any subsequent hearing to remand the person afresh. (1) The court may not remand a person for a period exceeding 8 clear days unless— the person is remanded on bail, and both that person and the person who applied for the injunction consent to a longer period. (2) Where the court has power to remand a person in custody it may, if the remand is for a period not exceeding 3 clear days, commit the person to the custody of a constable. Further remand (1) If the court is satisfied that a person who has been remanded is unable by reason of illness or accident to appear or be brought before the court at the expiration of the period of remand, the court may, in the absence of the person, further remand the person. The power mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) may, in the case of a person who was remanded on bail, be exercised by enlarging the person's recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. Where a person remanded on bail is bound to appear before the court at any time and the court has no power to remand the person under sub-paragraph (1), the court may (in the person's absence) enlarge the person's recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. The enlargement of the person's recognizance is to be treated as a further remand. Paragraph 4(1) (limit of remand) does not apply to the exercise of the powers conferred by this