be determinted by the layout of the contents e.g. work stations, aisle layout (Figure 24). It is good practice to ensure routes to the exits are kept as direct and short as possible. In a small room there may be only one exit but in a larger room or area there may be many exits. In some cases where the contents are moved around or the space is liable to frequent change, e.g. in a storage area or where racking is moveable you should ensure that the exits, or the routes to them, do not become blocked or the length of the route is not significantly extended. Figure 24: Measuring travel distance Inner rooms Where the only way out of a room is through another room (Figure 25), an unnoticed fire in the outer room could trap people in the inner room. This means of exit should be avoided where possible. If, however, this cannot be achieved then adequate warning of a fire should be provided by any one of the following means: • a vision panel between the two rooms providing adequate vision to give an indication of the conditions in the outer room and the means of escape; • a large enough gap between the dividing wall and the ceiling, e.g. 500mm, so that smoke will be seen; or • an automatic smoke detector in the outer room that will sound a warning in the inner room. In addition, the following points should also be considered: • Restrict the number of people using an inner room to 60. • Access rooms should be under the control of the same person as the inner room. • The travel distance from any point in the inner room to the exit from the access room should be restricted to escape in one direction only (see Table 2 on page 68), unless there are alternative exits from the access room. • No one should have to pass through more than one access room while making their escape. • The outer room should not be an area of high fire risk. • Figure 25: Inner rooms 70 Alternative exits Where alternative exits from a space or room are necessary, they should wherever possible be located at least 45¡ apart (see Figure 26) unless the routes to them are seperated by fire-resisting construction (see Figure 27). If in doubt consult a competent person. Figure 26: Alternative exits Figure 27: Alternative exits seperated by fire-resisting construction Measuring travel distances for initial dead-end travel Where the initial direction of travel in an open area (see Figure 28) or within an inner room (see Figure 29) is in one direction only the travel distance (AÐB) should be limited to that for a Ôsingle escape routeÕ in Table 2 on page 68. Any alternative exits should be positioned to ensure a fire will not compromise both exits. The maximum total travel distance recommended in Table 2 should apply to the nearest exit (Figure 28 and 29, distance AÐC).