[F167National Crime Agency]] have effectÑ (a) irrespective of whether the investigation [F168or review (as the case may be)] relates to the conduct of a person who is or has been a member of that force or [F169a [F170a National Crime Agency officer]]; F171... (b) [F172in the case of an investigation,] irrespective of who has the person appointed to carry out the investigation under his direction and control; [F173and (a) 32 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) in the case of a review applied for under paragraph 25(1B) of Schedule 3 in respect of an investigation, irrespective of who had the person appointed to carry out the investigation under his direction and control;] but a chief officer of a third force may be required to give assistance and co-operation under subsection (5) only with the approval of the chief officer of the force to which the person who requires it belongs F174. . . . (7) In subsection (6) Òthird forceÓ, in relation to an investigation, means a police force other thanÑ (a) the force to which the person carrying out the investigation belongs; or (b) the force to which the person whose conduct is under investigation belonged at the time of the conduct; [F175 and where the person whose conduct is under investigation was a [F176National Crime Agency officer] at the time of the conduct, Òthird forceÓ means any police force other than the force to which the person carrying out the investigation belongs.] [F177(8) Where the person who requires assistance and co-operation under subsection (5) is a [F178National Crime Agency officer], a chief officer of a third force may be required to give that assistance and co-operation only with the approval of the Director General of the Agency. F179(8A) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F180(8B) In subsections (8) and (8A) Òthird forceÓ, in relation to an investigation, means any police force other than the force to which the person whose conduct is under investigation belonged at the time of the conduct.] (9) WhereÑ (a) the person carrying out an investigation is not a [F181National Crime Agency officer]; and (b) the person whose conduct is under investigation was not a [F182National Crime Agency officer] at the time of the conduct, [F183the Agency may be required to give assistance and co-operation under subsection (5) only with the approval of the relevant directing