of collecting forensic samples and CCTV was criticised: I reported it to the police both [force name] and [force name]. TheyÕve done absolutely nothing É I donÕt think the police have a grip on it. I think its new to them, but this was a club with 38 high-de"nition cameras, itÕs a very small club, you could have picked it out dead easy, and now itÕs all deleted and gone. The case is now closed believe it or not. (Participant 2) The response o!cer took a full statement, and the person in charge of our case took urine samples. But that was far too late, it was "ve days later. They tried to send a photographer but they sent the photographer too late and the needle hole had closed up. (Participant 4) When listing the evidence she thought could have been collected, one participant exclaimed at the end: I feel like we could solve it quicker than they are! (Participant 3) As noted earlier, this is a small, self-selecting sample of victims who may have had disproportionately negative experiences in reporting to the police. However, we also note that there is a heavy emphasis across the media, academic research and parliamentary committees about forensic drug testing as evidence. Given the limitations outlined above (some of which cannot be quickly resolved), we propose that greater emphasis and research on broader forms of evidence collection would be useful such as those suggested earlier in the article and as called for by the Home O!ce (2023). A multi-agency problem: the need to coordinate health and policing responses better on a local and national scale One of the problems linked to evidence collection is that victims often require immediate medical attention. The victims we spoke to told us about health problems similar to those reported by other needle spiking victims speaking out on social media. All described feeling extremely ill Ð IÕve never felt as ill in my life as Participant 2 described it Ð and having memory loss, and in some cases collapsing. Some also experienced vomiting: I was sick that night when I got back, in bed, and I urinated myself as well in bed. (Participant 4) Disturbed vision was also described. Participant 1 described it as Ôeverything was just blackÕ even though she had her eyes open. Participant 5 described her vision being blurred, similar to the start of a migraine, and another described it as: I felt like I couldnÕt see, obviously I could see as I was walking around, but I felt like I couldnÕt. (Participant 3) Some participants felt that the hospital had not fully understood what spiking was or have a procedure to follow in terms of liaising with the police: At the hospital Ð they took my blood, they didnÕt do anything they just kept them, they didnÕt know what they were doing. The Dr couldnÕt understand what the idea of spiking was, I had to explain it to her for about 20 minutes. (Participant 3)