take priority over any requests for Specials Leave, Sports Leave or Volunteer / Community Leave being made at the same time. Individuals must obtain management approval for annual leave prior to making firm holiday / financial commitments as approval is not guaranteed. The maximum period of absence from work that will normally be approved is two working weeks plus any rostered rest days at the start and finish. In special cases where a longer period is sought (e.g. extended period of travel) or for time critical events (e.g. a wedding or honeymoon), applications should be made well in advance, to the Departmental Head. All requests for leave should be approved by the first line manager / Resource Management Unit (as appropriate to each departmental procedure), to ensure that wider resourcing issues have been considered. CARRY OVER / BRING FORWARD OF ANNUAL LEAVE The management of annual leave is an individualÕs responsibility and the expectation will be that individuals will book their annual leave entitlement in the leave year. GRS will allow the carry over into the following leave year the maximum of one weeks contracted hours for an individual if there is leave unused from the preceding leave year. Any unused leave above this figure will be lost unless special circumstances detailed below apply. Such reasons may include extended sickness, maternity leave or exceptional operational demand and previous leave requests having been declined due to the exigencies of duty. Anything over a contracted working week would need to be exceptional circumstances with SMT approval. During extended periods of long term sickness an employee is still entitled to take leave. For example, if they: are not physically able to work, but physically able to take a holiday, or have a mental health condition that might be helped by a holiday. First line managers should be aware of excessive amounts of leave being carried over at the end of the year, and may request the individual to book leave to reduce the risk of losing it. When an individual applies for annual leave and it is declined then this is recorded on their leave record within GRS along with the reasons why, for audit purposes. Bringing Forward During the last month of their individual Annual Leave year, staff may be allowed to bring forward leave from their next leave year, up to a maximum of the equivalent of their contracted working week in hours. There will then be a corresponding reduction in the amount of leave available to them for that following leave year. Emergency/Unforeseen Situations It is recognised that some staff have traditionally kept a pool of un-booked annual leave for Òjust in caseÓ moments. The Force accepts that there may be occasions when due to unforeseen situations a member of staff may require to be absent from work and in order to cater for this, managers have the abilities to authorise additional paid leave such as ÔDependants LeaveÕ or ÔCompassionate leave. SICKNESS DURING ANNUAL LEAVE / PUBLIC HOLIDAYS Where sickness