under subsections (6A) and (6B) of section 54 the 1984 Act (non-intimate searches) as a constable has in the case of a person in police detentionÑ (i) to carry out a search of the other person; and (ii) to seize or retain, or cause to be seized or retained, anything found on such a search; (b) subsections (6C) and (9) of that section (restrictions on power to seize personal effects and searches to be carried out by a member of the same sex) shall apply to the exercise by a person to whom this paragraph is applied of any power exercisable by virtue of this sub-paragraph as they apply to the exercise of the power in question by a constable. (5) Section 39(2) of that Act (responsibilities of custody officer transferred to escort) shall have effect where the custody officer for any police station transfers or permits the transfer of any person to the custody of a person who by virtue of this paragraph (2) 276 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes has lawful custody outside the police station of the person transferred as it would apply if the person to whom this paragraph applies were a police officer. F1010[F1011PART 4A] . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35B Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, he shall be under a duty, when in the course of his employment he is present at a police stationÑ Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 277 (a) to keep under control any person detained at the police station and for whom he is for the time being responsible; (b) to assist any officer or other designated person to keep any other person detained at the police station under control; and (c) to prevent the escape of any such person as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b), and for those