in both England and Wales and in Scotland have concluded that spiking motives remain unknown and there is a need for research: We are not always able to determine the reasons why a perpetrator carries out an assault in this way, and it may not always be for a sexual purpose. It can put people at signi"cant risk of harm. (Assistant Chief Constable Judi Heaton, Police Scotland, Oct 2021, giving evidence to the Education, Young People and Children Committee) The motivations of spiking o#enders remain unclear, particularly around the newly identi"ed incidences of needle spiking, and that the lack of understanding limits our ability to e#ectively tackle spiking through targeted interventions. (Government response to the House of Commons Home A#airs Committee 2022b, p. 8) Our FOI data has shown that in the case of needle spiking, assault and poisoning o#ences were recorded as being the primary and sole o#ence type in most incidents where a crime was recorded. Although there were some additional o#ences reported, these were in the minority. Future research and criminal investigations should be more open to motives other than rape and serious sexual o#ences and treat needle spiking as a form of assault or poisoning in its own right. Greater intelligence about perpetrator motives is essential to gain a fuller understanding of the problem, to identify perpetrators, and to develop crime disruption-based interventions. The planned introduction of spiking as a single criminal o#ence in England and Wales may help with this as it will make it more straightforward to research (police reported) spiking through the criminal justice system. Needle spiking was not restricted to young women Ð men were also targeted As described earlier, some of the "rst reports of needle spiking on social media were mainly from young women students, many of which were dismissed as being young women who could not Ôhandle their alcoholÕ as the night time economy began to reopen after COVID-19 lockdown restrictions. Drink spiking has also traditionally been seen as a Ôyoung womenÕs problemÕ, with devices such as ÔspikeyÕsÕ (plastic bottle stoppers) and hair scrunchie drink covers being marketed at this demographic. However, men have been spiked using so called Ôdate rapeÕ drugs in some of the most high-pro"le serial rape cases in the UK against men Ð such as Reynhard Sinaga who was convicted in 2020 for using GHB to drug 48 men before he raped them (with the investigation team "nding evidence linking over 190 potential victims to him) (Greater Manchester Police 2020). GHB was also used by serial killer Stephen Port when he spiked and murdered four men in 2014. As mentioned earlier, the largest spiking prevalence study in the UK asked only about drink spiking not needle or other forms of spiking and found that 6% of men and 11% of women said they suspected that they had had their drink spiked (YouGov 2021). Participants were also asked how con"dent they were that they would be believed if they said someone had spiked their drink. Participants