acknowledge that simply because an individual is exposed to any one of these risk factors, it does not necessarily mean they will experience or carry out domestic abuse. 52 World Health Organisation. Female genital mutilation: 2020. 53 NHS Digital. Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) Annual Report – April 2020 to March 2021 (experimental statistics report): 2021. To note that only 40% of individual women and girls have a known age when FGM was undertaken. 54 Get a female genital mutilation protection order - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk). 55 ONS. Crime in England and Wales: Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk). 56 See Home Office. 2022. Tackling Domestic Abuse Plan – CP 639 (publishing.service.gov.uk) for a breakdown of risk factors. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance An evaluation of a programme focusing on high-risk, high-harm perpetrators, Drive57, shows that 22% of service users at intake reported housing needs. Just under one fifth of service users had employment difficulties or misused alcohol. Around one in seven reported having mental health difficulties, with some service users having needs across multiple categories.58 In many cases it cannot be fully determined what has caused an individual to choose to engage in abusive behaviours. Therefore, there remains a limited understanding of perpetrators, and their motivation should not be considered to be limited to the reasons listed although these factors, amongst others, can be relevant in regard to identifying the interventions that may be required. Perpetrators may manipulate victims and/or those around them to hide or normalise abusive behaviours. Domestic abuse perpetrators can be particularly adept at manipulating professionals, agencies and systems and may use a range of tactics to perpetuate contact with, and exert control over, the victim. Perpetrators may seek to minimise allegations, normalise the behaviour and discredit reports of abuse. Mixed methods research published by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC) and Refuge suggests that perpetrators of domestic abuse may also target and undermine parents’ relationships with their children, using power and control dynamics, for example using vexatious applications to the family court to prolong proceedings.59 Perpetrators can also use contact with children as a form of abuse. Perpetrators may also seek to take advantage of, or manipulate, victims because of their protected characteristics or personal circumstances to prevent them from speaking out or accessing support. For more information, see ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’. Perpetrator behaviours can potentially include: Disguised compliance, missing or cancelling appointments, non-attendance, playing different professionals off against one another; Making false or vexatious allegations against victims and convincing professionals that their controlling tactics are for the victim’s own safety and/or for the safety of their children; Using the courts to continue abuse, for example not turning up to court dates, sending unnecessary and repeated legal letters and making threats around contact; Making counter-allegations against the victim; 57 Drive Project developed, by Respect, SafeLives and Social Finance, out of a need to address perpetrators repeatedly offending with either the same or new