Ò or orders Ó. 16 After section 23 insertÑ Ò23A Temporary class drugs: further power to search, seize and detain (1) Subsection (3) applies in any case whereÑ (a) a constable has reasonable grounds to suspect that a person (ÒPÓ) is in possession of a temporary class drug, and (b) it does not appear to the constable that a power under section 23(2) applies to the case. (2) But if any provision has been made by virtue of section 7A(2)(c) (excepted possession) that applies to the temporary class drug in question, subsection (3) applies only if the constable has no reason to believe that P's (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 345 possession of the drug is to be treated as excepted possession for the purposes of this Act. (3) The constable mayÑ (a) search P, and detain P for the purposes of searching P; (b) search any vehicle or vessel in which the constable suspects that the drug may be found, and for that purpose require the person in control of the vehicle or vessel to stop it; (c) seize and detain anything found in the course of the search which appears to the constable to be a temporary class drug or to be evidence of an offence under this Act. In this subsection, ÒvesselÓ has the same meaning as in section 23(2). (4) Subsection (5) applies if a constable reasonably believes that anything detained under subsection (3)(c) is a temporary class drug but is not evidence of any offence under this Act. (5) The constable may dispose of the drug in such manner as the constable thinks appropriate. (6) A person who intentionally obstructs a constable in the exercise of the constable's powers under subsection (3) commits an offence.Ó. 17 (1) Section 25 (prosecution and punishment of offences) is amended as follows. (2) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) Subsection (2B) applies if an offence specified in the first column of Schedule 4 is committed in relation to a temporary class drug. (2B) The punishments which may be imposed on a person convicted of the offence summarily or (as the case may be) on indictment in relation to the temporary class drug are the same as those which could be imposed had the person been convicted of the offence in that way in relation to a Class B drug (see the fifth column of Schedule 4).Ó. (3) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3A) The punishments which may be imposed on a person convicted of an offence under section 23A(6) are the same as those which, under Schedule 4, may be imposed on a person convicted of an offence under section 23(4).Ó. 18 In section 30 (licenses and authorities) after Òof