they should be disposed of in accordance with the instructions of the estate. Unless expressly authorised they should not be destroyed by the police. 24.6 Anyone surrendering an illegally held firearm should be questioned discreetly with a view to establishing its history but, unless circumstances exist to give serious cause for concern as to its provenance (for example, if it appears to have been stolen), the person handing it in should not be pressed. The emphasis should be on creating an environment in which people are encouraged to hand in illegally held firearms. 24.7 Where it appears, for example, that a person who has inherited a firearm or shot gun wishes to retain it lawfully as a certificate holder or to arrange for its sale/auction, it would be appropriate to issue them with a permit under section 7 of the 1968 Act in order to legitimise their position (see Chapter 14). This is also the case where the person holding the firearm is the executor to the will of the deceased or where an application for a shot gun or firearm certificate is being made. In some cases once NABIS investigations have been completed the firearm/ammunition may be transferred to an RFD designated by the person surrendering the item(s). 24.8 In any instance, however, when it is believed that a serious offence involving a surrendered gun has been committed, the surrender, find or recovery should be entered onto the NaBIS database and the requisite police procedures should be followed. Any decision to prosecute will be a matter for the discretion of the chief officer of police and the Crown Prosecution Service or Procurators Fiscal. Firearms surrendered by RFDs or auction houses 24.9 Police forces are not obliged to accept firearms surrendered by registered firearms dealers who hold those firearms legally, in circumstances where the RFD has alternative available options for selling or disposing of the firearms. Firearms legislation does not expressly oblige the police to be responsible for disposing of firearms which are surrendered by RFDs or auction houses, nor does it oblige the police to cover the associated costs. In these circumstances, police force areas have discretion. Antiques 24.10 If any firearm is handed in to which section 58(2) of the 1968 Act appears to apply (that is, it appears to be an antique), it should not be refused by the police, but the person wishing to dispose of it should be informed of its status as an antique under the firearms legislation and be allowed to keep it if they wish. Section 58(2) applies to antique firearms only when they are possessed etc as a curiosity or ornament. It will be open to that person to consider retaining the antique firearm or obtaining an estimate of its value and disposing of it possibly through the trade or to a museum or reputable collection. If any antique firearm is retained, the chief officer of police should offer it to a museum, for sale via auction or to a recognised