able to test samples in a way which is admissible in a court of law and that police should take forensic samples: Victims are often ping-ponged between the health service and the police, who told us they have insu!cient forensic testing capacity and that late reporting reduces the viable testing window. (House of Commons Home A#airs Committee 2022a, p. 3) We also saw examples of this Ôping pongingÕ between health and criminal justice in our interviews, which we discuss later in this article in terms of the need for a more joined up multi-agency approach to a multi-agency problem. There exists strong evidence that delays to drug testing impact on con"rmatory toxicology reports, as a systematic review of the toxicology of drug-facilitated sexual assault (DFSA), demonstrated: As was mentioned in nearly all studies in this review, it is likely that current prevalence rates are under-estimated due to limited toxicological results of samples provided after a lengthy delay following the suspected DFSA. A delay of even 12 h can impede the detection of fast metabolising substances, such as alcohol and GHB. (Anderson et al. 2017, p. 53) Given the existing known problems in gaining timely toxicology reports for spiking generally, the victimsÕ experiences in our study, and the low number of drugs con"rmed in our FOI sample, we concur with the recommendations from the House of Commons Home A#airs Committee (2022b) that a rapid forensic testing service should be developed to ensure timely provision of forensic testing which is admissible as evidence in court. We also further emphasise that it is important that the limitations of testing are made clear to both victims and to professionals who are responding (Westmarland, 2022). Taylor et al. (2004, p. xiv) argued in relation to drink spiking that: In the absence of evidence, it should be assumed that incidents do occur while we move to build a comprehensive database and improve the coordination between relevant agencies relating to forensic procedures. We propose that this approach should also be followed for needle and other forms of spiking. Need to improve evidence collection for the identiÞcation of suspects Given the known limitations of evidential drug testing for spiking, it follows that broader evidence collection is important. We do not have any FOI data on additional evidence collected, however all "ve of our small sample of interviewees reported negative experiences of trying to report what had happened to them. Four out of "ve attempted to make a police report. The "fth did not attempt to report to the police having previously had a negative experience with the police. One of the criticisms made about police responses was the lack of timely evidence collection. In particular, the late timing of collecting forensic samples and CCTV was criticised: I reported it to the police both [force name] and [force name]. TheyÕve done absolutely nothing É I donÕt think the police have a grip on it. I think its new to them, but this was a club with 38 high-de"nition cameras,