information on fire drills and test evacuations are given in BS 5588-12.52 The roll call/checking the premises have been evacuated Where possible, you should ensure that a roll call is carried out as soon as possible at the designated assembly point(s), and/or receive reports from wardens designated to ÔsweepÕ the premises. You should note any people who are unaccounted for. In a real evacuation this information will need to be passed to the fire and rescue service on arrival. Check that people have assembled at the evacuation point. Once the roll call is complete or all reports have been received, allow people to return to the building. If the fire-warning system is monitored inform the alarm receiving centre that the drill has now been completed and record the outcomes of the drill. Monitoring and debrief Throughout the drill the responsible person and nominated observers should pay particular attention to: • communication difficulties with regard to the roll call and establishing that everyone is accounted for; • the use of the nearest available escape routes as opposed to common circulation routes; • difficulties with the opening of final exit doors; • difficulties experienced by people with disabilities; • the roles of specified people, e.g. fire wardens; • inappropriate actions, e.g. stopping to collect personal items, attempting to use lifts etc.; and • windows and doors not being closed as people leave. On-the-spot debriefs are useful to discuss the fire drill, encouraging feedback from everybody. Later, reports from fire wardens and observations from people should be collated and reviewed. Any conclusions and remedial actions should be recorded and implemented. 112 Section 8 Quality assurance of fire protection equipment and installation Fire protection products and related services should be fit for their purpose and properly installed and maintained in accordance with the manufacturerÕs instructions or the relevant British Standard. Third-party certification schemes for fire protection products and related services are an effective means of providing the fullest possible assurances, offering a level of quality, reliability and safety that non-certificated products may lack. This does not mean goods and services that are not third-party approved are less reliable, but there is no obvious way in which this can be demonstrated. Third-party quality assurance can offer comfort both as a means of satisfying you that goods and services you have purchased are fit for purpose, and as a means of demonstrating that you have complied with the law. However, to ensure the level of assurance offered by third party schemes, you should always check whether the company you employ sub-contracts work to others. If they do, you will want to check that the sub- contractors are subject to the same level of checks of quality and competence as the company you are employing. Your local fire and rescue service, fire trade associations or your own trade association may be able to provide further details about third- party quality assurance schemes and the various organisations that administer them. Appendix A A.1 Example fire safety maintenance checklist