changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The court may make an order (a Òdisqualification orderÓ) disqualifying the offender, for such period as the court thinks fit, fromÑ (a) owning dogs, (b) keeping dogs, or (c) both. (3) The disqualification order may specify a period during which the offender may not make an application under section 68 to terminate the order. (4) The court may, where it appears to the court that the offender owns or keeps a dog, suspend the operation of the disqualification order for such period as it thinks necessary for enabling alternative arrangements to be made in respect of the dog. (5) Where a court makes a disqualification order, it mustÑ (a) give its reasons for making the order in open court, and (b) cause them to be entered in the register of its proceedings. (6) A person who breaches a disqualification order commits an offence. (7) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (6) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (8) Where a disqualification order is available for an offence, the court may make such an order whether or not it deals with the offender in any other way for the offence. (9) The following offences are within this subsectionÑ (a) an offence under section 1 of the Night Poaching Act 1828 (taking or destroying game or rabbits by night or entering land for that purpose); (b) an offence under section 30 of the Game Act 1831 (trespass in daytime in search of game etc); (c) an offence under section 63 (trespass with intent to search for or to pursue hares with dogs etc); (d) an offence under section 64 (being equipped for searching for or pursuing hares with dogs etc). (10) In section 171 of the Sentencing Code (offences relating to animals), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(3) See section 66 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (disqualification order on conviction for certain offences involving dogs) for orders relating to disqualification in the case of offences involving dogs under that Act, the Night Poaching Act 1828 and the Game Act 1831.Ó 67 Seizure and disposal of dogs in connection with disqualification order (1) Where, on a court making a disqualification order, it appears to the court that the person to whom the order applies owns or keeps a dog contrary to the order, the court may order that the dog be taken into possession. (1) 72 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before