experiencing or is at risk of abuse, neglect or other kinds of harm, and has needs for care and support). To comply with both duties, professionals in Wales who identify cases falling within the FGM mandatory reporting duty need to make a report to both the police and the local authority. 7 Section 162(4) of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 defines relevant partners as follows: Ò(a) the local policing body and the chief officer of police for a police area any part of which falls within the area of the local authority; (b) any other local authority with which the authority agrees that it would be appropriate to co-operate under this section; (c) the Secretary of State to the extent that the Secretary of State is discharging functions under sections 2 and 3 of the Offender Management Act 2007 in relation to Wales; (d) any provider of probation services that is required by arrangements under section 3(2) of the Offender Management Act 2007 to act as a relevant partner of the authority; (e) a Local Health Board for an area any part of which falls within the area of the authority; (f) an NHS trust providing services in the area of the authority; (g) the Welsh Ministers to the extent that they are discharging functions under Part 2 of the Learning and Skills Act 2000; (h) such a person, or a person of such description, as regulations may specify.Ó (b) 3. Next steps following a report Upon receipt of a report, the police will record the information and initiate the multi-agency response, in line with local safeguarding arrangements. Exact procedures will vary across local areas. If the police consider that emergency action is needed to protect the child, they may take action in advance of the multi-agency response. While the multi-agency response will be initiated by the police, as they are the agency receiving the report, they will consult childrenÕs social care prior to taking action. Factors considered may include: • measures necessary to protect the girl/others identified as being at risk of harm (childrenÕs social care lead); • possible criminal investigation (police lead); and • the health and wellbeing requirements of the girl/others, including how the care will be delivered (health lead). The protection of the child must be paramount at all times. The multi-agency response should consider any wider health or emotional support that the child may need. In considering the case and next steps, local safeguarding processes should continue to be followed, in line with wider relevant guidance, including: Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate, the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM, information sharing, and, for the police, the authorised professional practice on FGM. The police will provide you with feedback on the outcome of the case, including an update on any safeguarding action taken. 3.1 FGM Protection Orders Depending on the circumstances of the case, the police or local authority may wish to