to the Secretary of State to represent review partners, (b) the Welsh Ministers, so far as the proposed regulations relate to a devolved Welsh authority, and (c) such other persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. CHAPTER 3 EXTRACTION OF INFORMATION FROM ELECTRONIC DEVICES 37 Extraction of information from electronic devices: investigations of crime etc (1) An authorised person may extract information stored on an electronic device from that device ifÑ (a) a user of the device has voluntarily provided the device to an authorised person, and (b) that user has agreed to the extraction of information from the device by an authorised person. (2) The power in subsection (1) may be exercised only for the purposes ofÑ (a) preventing, detecting, investigating or prosecuting crime, (b) helping to locate a missing person, or (c) protecting a child or an at-risk adult from neglect or physical, mental or emotional harm. (3) The reference in subsection (2) to crime is a reference toÑ (a) conduct which constitutes one or more criminal offences in any part of the United Kingdom, or (b) conduct which, if it took place in any part of the United Kingdom, would constitute one or more criminal offences. (4) For the purposes of subsection (2) an adult is an at-risk adult if the authorised person reasonably believes that the adultÑ (a) is experiencing, or at risk of, neglect or physical, mental or emotional harm, and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 39 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) is unable to protect themselves against the neglect or harm or the risk of it. (5) An authorised person may exercise the power in subsection (1) only ifÑ (a) in a case where the authorised person proposes to exercise the power for a purpose within subsection (2)(a), the authorised person reasonably believes that information stored on the electronic device is relevant to a reasonable line of enquiry which is being, or is to be, pursued by an authorised person, (b) in a case where the authorised person proposes to exercise the power for a purpose within subsection (2)(b) or (c), the authorised person reasonably believes that information stored on the electronic device is relevant to that purpose, and (c) in any case, the authorised person is satisfied that exercise of the power is necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose within subsection (2) for which the person proposes to exercise the power. (6) Subsection (7)