conduct of seconded constables in the carrying out, or purported carrying out, of their functions as members of the [F606Office's] staff in the like manner as an employer is liable in respect of any unlawful conduct of his employees in the course of their employment. Accordingly, the [F605Office] shall be treated in the case of any such unlawful conduct which is a tort, as a joint tortfeasor. In this paragraph “seconded constables” means persons serving as members of the [F606Office's] staff without being employed by it. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 – The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 163 Power F607... to set up regional offices [F6089 (1) The Office may set up regional offices in places in England and Wales. But the power under sub-paragraph (1) is exercisable only by the Director General acting on behalf of the Office (subject to the power in paragraph 6A(1)). The power under sub-paragraph (1) may be exercised— only with the consent of the Secretary of State, and only if it appears to the Director General necessary to do so for the purpose of ensuring that the functions of the Director General, or those of the Office, are carried out efficiently and effectively.] Proceedings (1) The arrangements for the proceedings of the [F609Office] (including the quorum for meetings and the establishment of committees) shall be such as the [F609Office] may determine. [F610(1A) But the arrangements must include provision for— the quorum for meetings to be met only if a majority of members present are non-executive members of the Office, and an audit committee of the Office to be established to perform such monitoring, reviewing and other functions as are appropriate. (1B) The arrangements must secure that the audit committee consists only of non- executive members of the Office.] The arrangements may include provision for the committees established under the arrangements to include members of the [F611Office's] staff and other persons who are not members of the [F609Office]. The arrangements may include provision for persons selected by the [F609Office] to attend meetings of the [F609Office] or of any committee established by it. The [F609Office] may— pay such remuneration and allowances as it may determine to members of committees established by it who are neither members of the [F609Office] nor members of its staff; and make such payments for the reimbursement of expenses incurred by persons attending meetings in accordance with arrangements made by virtue of sub- paragraph (3) as it may determine. The arrangements may provide for the carrying out, under the general direction of the