can detect sudden or gradual changes in behaviour that could affect security. This can be achieved by using tools that detect anomalous inputs that will skew outputs, without knowing what malicious input looks like. There are specific methods that could be implemented to mitigate input that is out of distribution or invalid, such as outlier detection, anomaly detection, novelty detection, and open set recognition. 12.4 System Operators and Developers should analyse their logs to ensure that AI models continue to produce desired outputs over time. Monitoring and Evaluation 3.6 The Code has been designed in line with our pro-innovation approach. Our intention is to allow flexibility via a principles-based approach when implementing the provisions and adaptation overtime as the area develops to reduce the burden on stakeholders in the AI supply chain. Further details on its scope and the stakeholders that must adhere to it can be found within the Code. 3.7 The proposed Code of Practice would be voluntary; however, we will continue to work closely with interested stakeholders to determine if regulatory action is needed for AI in the future. To help support this, the GovernmentÕs intention is to undertake monitoring and evaluation uptake of the Code and its effectiveness at encouraging the outcomes that we hope to see in the AI ecosystem. 4: How to respond to the Call for Views and our next steps 4.1 DSIT will be holding an 12-week Call for Views on the document from 15 May to 9 August 2024. Stakeholders are invited to provide specific feedback on the interventions and make recommendations regarding other policy options via an online survey form. Please see Annex D for the full Call for Views Survey Questionnaire. We encourage stakeholders, particularly in the AI supply chain, to provide data on the financial and wider impacts associated with the implementation of the GovernmentÕs proposed interventions. All data will be treated confidentially, and participants will have the opportunity to identify themselves when they submit their responses or to be anonymous. 4.2 During the Call for Views, DSIT will be organising workshops with industry bodies and holding meetings with international counterparts as part of our efforts to promote this work. We are also planning to attend UK and international conferences, including on specific panels so that we can present our approach to a global audience. If you would like to bring any related events/conferences to our attention or if you have any questions on the online survey please contact AIcybersecurity@dsit.gov.uk (by 9 August 2024). You can also submit written comments to the AI Cyber Security Call for Views, Secure Code and Standards, Cyber Security & Digital Identity Directorate, Department for Science, Innovation & Technology, Level 4, 100 Parliament Street, Westminster, London, SW1A 2BQ. DSIT plans to arrange workshops with industry to help gather feedback. 4.3 Following the Call for Views, we will review the feedback provided. We plan to publish a response which provides an overview of the key themes from the Call for Views and DSITÕs future