(a) a member of the staff of the police and crime commissioner for that police area; (b) a member of the civilian staff of the police force for that police area; (c) a Member of Parliament; (d) a member of the National Assembly for Wales; (e) a member of the Scottish Parliament; (f) a member of the European Parliament. [F204(2) Sub-paragraph (3) applies (as well as sub-paragraph (1)) in relation to a police and crime panel for a police area which, under or by virtue of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, exercises functions in relation to a fire and rescue authority. (3) A person may not be a co-opted member of the panel if the person isÑ (a) a member of staff of the fire and rescue authority, or (b) if an order under section 4H of that Act is in force in relation to that authority, a member of staff of the chief constable of the police force for the police area who has beenÑ (i) transferred to the chief constable under a scheme made under subsection 4I(1) of that Act, or (ii) appointed by the chief constable under section 4I(4) of that Act.] 188 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 23 (1) If the police and crime panel for a police area has two co-opted members, a member of a local authority which is covered by that police area may not be a co-opted member of that panel. (2) If the police and crime panel for a police area has three or more co-opted members, a member of a local authority which is covered by that police area may be a co- opted member of that panel only if at least two of the other co-opted members are not members of any such local authority. Panel arrangements 24 (1) Panel arrangements are arrangements for the establishment and maintenance of a police and crime panel. (2) Panel arrangements must make provision about the co-option of, and holding of office by, the co-opted members of the police and crime panel. (3) Panel arrangements must include provision aboutÑ (a) the term of office of appointed members and co-opted members of the panel; (b) resignation, and removal, of appointed members and co-opted members of the panel; (c) conditions for re-appointment of appointed members and co-opted members of the panel. (4) Panel arrangements may not make rules of procedure for the police and crime panel (as to which see paragraph 25). (5) Panel arrangements may make different provision for different cases. (6) The following persons must comply with the panel arrangements relating to a police and crime panelÑ (a) each relevant local authority; (b) each member of the police and crime panel.