ways to ensure that social housing tenants are protected from harm caused by poor electrical safety. 7 ÔEnglish Housing Survey, Headline Report 2018-19Õ https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/860076/2018-19_EHS_Headline_Report.pdf The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 19 Chapter 2: To know how your landlord is performing If tenants are to be able to hold their landlords to account, they need information on how their landlord is performing, what decisions it is making and who is responsible. 20 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper As housing associations began to expand from the mid-1970s, they were generally closely connected to the communities they were building homes for, but this has become strained with the more substantial growth in the scale of their operations from the mid-2000Õs. Some housing associations have been criticised for excessive administration costs and executive pay, with reported average Chief Executive pay of £181,000 in 2019/20 Ð more than the Prime Minister Ð and some, in excess of £400,000 per year8. This White Paper seeks to redress that balance and recreate strong connections between landlords and tenants to ensure transparency and accountability and ensure all landlords consider their purpose and their tenants, at all times. We have heard clearly from tenants how important this is to them. We will: • Expect the Regulator of Social Housing to bring in a set of tenant satisfaction measures for all landlords on things that matter to tenants. • Introduce a new access to information scheme for social housing tenants of housing associations and other private registered providers of social housing, so that information relating to landlords is easily accessible by tenants. • Ensure landlords provide a clear breakdown of how their income is being spent, including levels of executive remuneration, to be published alongside their tenant satisfaction measures. • Require landlords to identify a senior person in their organisation who is responsible for ensuring they comply with the consumer standards set by the Regulator of Social Housing. • Expect landlords to report to every tenant on such matters at least once a year, if not continuously, using technology. Tenant Satisfaction Measures 15. Although landlords are already required to give tenants timely and relevant performance information, including the publication of an annual report, the format and content of this information can vary significantly. Private registered providers and local authority landlords should be giving tenants access to a set of clear, comparable tenant satisfaction measures on the things they care about to ensure they can understand their landlordÔs performance. This information is also important in informing the Regulator of Social HousingÕs (Òthe regulatorÕsÓ) approach to regulating landlords. 16. The Regulator of Social Housing will develop a process for collecting and publishing a core set of tenant satisfaction measures for all social landlords. These should follow the themes set out in the social housing Green Paper, widely supported by tenants, around properties being in good repair, building safety, engagement and neighbourhood management, including measures on anti- social behaviour. They should include