and (ii) in particular, warns the offender that failure to comply with any of the conditions attached to the caution may result in prosecution for the offence; (e) the offender signs a document which containsÑ (i) details of the offence, (ii) the offenderÕs admission to having committed the offence, (iii) the offenderÕs consent to being given the caution, and (iv) the conditions attached to the caution. (3) But if the offence is an indictable-only offence, the authorised person may not give a diversionary caution to the offender exceptÑ (a) in exceptional circumstances relating to the person or the offence, and (b) with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions. (4) A diversionary caution may not be given in respect of an offence committed before the coming into force of this section. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 115 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) The power to give a diversionary caution under subsection (1) is also subject to regulations under section 117 (restrictions on multiple use of cautions). 100 Deciding on the conditions (1) The conditions attached to a diversionary caution are to be decided upon byÑ (a) an authorised person, or (b) in a case where a prosecution authority has taken the decision that the caution should be given, the prosecution authority. (2) The conditions which may be attached to a diversionary caution are those authorised byÑ (a) section 101 (rehabilitation and reparation conditions), (b) section 102 (financial penalty conditions), and (c) section 103 (conditions relating to certain foreign offenders). (3) When deciding what conditions to attach to a diversionary caution the authorised person or prosecution authority mustÑ (a) make reasonable efforts, or ensure that reasonable efforts are or have been made, to obtain the views of any victim or victims of the offence, and (b) take those views into account. (4) The views referred to in subsection (3) include in particular views as to whether the offender should carry out any of the actions listed in the community remedy document. (5) Where it is the view of the victim or all the victims that the offender should carry out a particular action listed in the community remedy document, the authorised person or prosecution authority must attach that as a condition unless it seems to the authorised person or prosecution authorityÑ (a) the action is not one that can be attached as a condition to a diversionary caution, or (b) it would be inappropriate to do so. 101 Rehabilitation and reparation conditions