away (and still be employed by us on the date of the bereavement); and • normal weekly earnings in the eight weeks up to the week before your bereavement of at least the lower earnings limit for national insurance contribution purposes. If you are unsure if you are entitled to statutory parental bereavement pay, please contact either People Services or Finance, who will be able to advise you. If you qualify for statutory parental bereavement pay, you will be paid during your leave at the rate set by the Government, or at 90% of your average weekly earnings where this figure is lower. If you are not eligible, your leave will be unpaid. You need to give us notice of the weeks for which you wish to claim statutory parental bereavement pay, via a form that People Services will ask you to sign. You must normally sign and return the form to People Services within 28 days of the first day for which you are claiming. However, if that is not possible, please sign and return the form as soon as you can. 5.7 Rights during parental bereavement leave During your leave, all the terms and conditions of your contract [except normal pay] will continue. [[Salary/wages] will be replaced by statutory parental bereavement pay if you are eligible for it.] This means that [while sums payable by way of [wages/salary] will cease, all other/all] benefits will remain in place. For example, holiday entitlement continues to accrue. Pension contributions will continue to be paid. 5.8 Returning to work after parental bereavement leave When you return to work after some time on parental bereavement leave, you generally have the right to return to the same job. However, a slightly different rule applies if you return from time on bereavement leave that follows on immediately from some maternity, adoption, support leave or shared parental leave (taken in relation to the child who has passed away), and your total time on leave is more than 26 weeks. In these circumstances, you have the right to return to the same job, unless this is not reasonably practical - in which case you have the right to return to a suitable and appropriate job on the same terms and conditions. This rule also applies if your leave includes more than four weeks of ordinary parental leave (taken in relation to any child), regardless of the total length of the leave. (We have a separate policy outlining your right to unpaid ordinary parental leave, see section 6.) If you are taking parental bereavement leave, but are unsure where you stand on your return, please contact PSC@wiltshire.police.uk for clarification. SECTION 6 ORDINARY PARENTAL LEAVE (OPL) 6.1 Statement of Intent Ð Aim and Rationale Parental Leave enables individuals to take unpaid time off work to look after a childÕs welfare, to help them balance family and work commitments and spend more time with your children. The policy applies to police officers, police staff, including staff of the Offices of