set out in subsection (4), before the word “superintendent”, wherever occurring, there shall be inserted “ chief ”. Those provisions are— section 50(3) (meaning of “senior officer” for the purposes of proceedings in which a member of a police force may be dismissed etc.); F249. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . section 84(1) and (3) (representation at disciplinary and other proceedings). In Schedule 6 to the 1996 Act (appeals to police appeal tribunals)— in paragraph 10(a), before “superintendent” there shall be inserted “ chief ”; and in paragraph 10(c)(i)— after “of the rank of” there shall be inserted “ chief superintendent or ”; and for “that rank” there shall be substituted “ one of those ranks ”. 96 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The amendments of Schedule 6 to that Act by virtue of this section shall not affect any appeal brought by a member of a police force under section 85 of that Act before the coming into force of this section. Police pensions etc. Pensions for members of NCIS and NCS In section 7(2) of the Police Pensions Act 1976 (c. 35) (payment of pensions and contributions into Consolidated Fund or out of moneys provided by Parliament), before paragraph (d) there shall be inserted— “(ca) the Director General of the National Criminal Intelligence Service; (cb) the Director General of the National Crime Squad; (cc) a police member of the National Criminal Intelligence Service appointed under subsection (1)(b) of section 9 of the Police Act 1997 (c. 50) by virtue of subsection (2)(a) of that section; (cd) a police member of the National Crime Squad appointed under subsection (1)(b) of section 55 of the Police Act 1997 by virtue of subsection (2)(a) of that section;”. In section 11(1) of that Act (meaning of membership of police force or service in a police force), before paragraph (c) there shall be inserted— “(ba) service as the Director General of the National Criminal Intelligence Service; (bb) service as the Director General of the National Crime Squad; (bc) service as a police member of the National Criminal Intelligence Service appointed under subsection (1)(b) of section 9 of the Police Act 1997 by virtue of subsection (2)(a) of that section; (bd) service as a police member of the National Crime Squad appointed under subsection (1)(b) of section 55 of the Police Act 1997 by virtue