material was received from the US. Applicants will also be required to detail how long the ITAR material will be in their possession, which will help inform the requirement for an F680 assurance inspection which the UK MOD has also introduced to enable the exemption from ITAR. 7. This F680 change in coverage is not expected to affect any existing approvals, exemptions of conditions established with the US Government in relation to ITAR. It also is not expected to affect any releases under any other US Government controls (e.g. FMS, EAR, PSA, etc.). 8. The current F680 online system (administered through the SPIRE Export Licensing system) cannot process applications where there is no foreign recipient. Accordingly, there is no requirement for F680 approval for releases of ITAR material to other UK recipients. 9. It is also envisaged that there will not normally be a requirement for F680 approval for releases of ITAR material, to US recipients, however, we understand there are some instances where US Government approval is required prior to the release of ITAR material from the UK to the US. Accordingly, in these instances, a F680 could be expected to also be applicable. Action by Industry 10. These changes will take effect from 16th August 2024, with an implementation period lasting until the 1st September 2024. This 1. implementation period allows industry to apply for and receive F680 approval for foreign releases of ITAR material that are required during or immediately after this period. 11. These changes will affect new F680 applications only. Existing F680 approvals will not need to be amended/re-submitted. 12. Industry will be expected to raise new F680 applications for foreign releases of their ITAR material, in addition to any approvals received from the US. Validity/Expiry Date This ISN is valid with immediate effect and remains so until further notice. MOD Point of Contact Details The Export Control Joint Unit MOD Team (ECJU MOD) are the implementing authority for the F680 process. All questions should be directed to them in the first instance: Export Control Joint Unit MOD Team Department for Business and Trade Old Admiralty Building, Admiralty Place, Whitehall, London, SW1A 2DY E-mail: ECJU-MODTeam@mod.gov.uk The MOD Directorate of Security and Resilience have been responsible for the development of the F680 policy requirement and its amendment to include ITAR material: Ministry of Defence, Chief Operating Officer, Directorate of Security and Resilience (COO-DSR- IIPCSy), Level 4, Zone B, Main Building, Whitehall, London. SW1A 2HB E-mail: COO-DSR-IIPCSy@mod.gov.uk Chapter 1 Introduction Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 1 (Introduction) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version 12.1. Part 1 of the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 (Òthe ActÓ) establishes a consistent level of civil protection activity across the UK. Consistency is sought too in the way the function is carried out between the local Category 1 and 2 responders as partners covered by the Act, and in different parts of the country. 12.2. The Act provides a basic framework defining what tasks should be performed