with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) If a review hearing is held at the current review, the court may at the hearing amend the community order so as to provide for each subsequent review to be held without a review hearing. (4) If at a review held without a review hearing the courtÑ (a) considers the progress report, and (b) forms the opinion that the offenderÕs progress under the order is no longer satisfactory, it may require the offender to attend a hearing of the court at a specified time and place. (5) At a review hearing the court may amend the community order so as to vary the intervals specified under section 217A(2)(a). (6) The functions of a court under this section that are exercisable in relation to a review without a hearing are to be exercisedÑ (a) where the court is the Crown Court, by a judge of the court, and (b) where the court is a magistratesÕ court, by a justice of the peace. (7) In this sectionÑ Òreview hearingÓ, and Òprogress reportÓ, have the same meanings as in section 217A.Ó Review of suspended sentence orders 6 In section 293 (review of suspended sentence orders), at the end insertÑ Ò(7) Nothing in this section applies in relation to suspended sentence orders which qualify for special procedures for the purposes of section 293A.Ó 7 After section 293 insertÑ Ò293A Review of suspended sentence order qualifying for special procedures (1) A suspended sentence order thatÑ (1) 338 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Community and suspended sentence orders: special procedures relating to review and breach Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) imposes one or more community requirements, and (b) qualifies for special procedures for the purposes of this section, may make provision for the order to be reviewed periodically (Òprovision for reviewÓ). (2) Where a suspended sentence order contains provision for review under this section, it mustÑ (a) specify the intervals at which the order is to be reviewed, (b) provide for each review to be made, subject to section 294, at a hearing held for the purpose by the responsible court (a Òreview hearingÓ), (c) require the offender to attend each review hearing, and (d) provide for a report by an officer of a provider of probation services on the offenderÕs progress in complying with the community requirements of the order (a Òprogress reportÓ) to be made to the responsible court before each review. (3) In this section Òthe responsible courtÓ, in relation