comprehension & effective response from the public. Some depend on the availability of power supplies or phone lines. Some may require careful consideration of the risks to human life and health, in case, at the time of an emergency, staff or members of the public are exposed to hazardous substances while they are warning or being warned. Arrangements for complementary and co-ordinated public warnings, advice and media facilities should be carefully managed between the various bodies. This will enhance public safety and information will be delivered more effectively. 7.1. 7.80. 7.81. 7.82. 7.83. 31 regulation 29 Figure 7.3 Process for developing effective warning procedures The process of reaching agreement on the warning process is shown schematically in Figure 7.3. Generic and Specific Warnings Some systems are defined as ÔgenericÕ arrangements,31 in that they can be called into play in a range of scenarios. Others have only limited use, or are capable of delivering only a closely targeted message. Warning during a malicious incident The police will lead in any malicious incident, including terrorist attacks, and have primary responsibility for providing effective and timely information to the public. Communication strategies will be developed for specific scenarios. There will be a need to balance rapid dissemination of warnings whilst ensuring accuracy. It is recognised there may be little specific information during the initial stage of an incident and confirmation of detailed facts will take longer. 7.84. When developing the warning in response to a malicious incident, the potential for any planned secondary attack should be considered in determining an evacuation route for the public. The means of delivering the message to the public also needs to be considered to ensure public safety and to avoid further potential damage. Additionally, responders should be aware of the different arrangements for media relations for such an event, as it will most likely be nationally led, with local delivery. Where credible and specific threats to national security are identified in advance, information is handled at a national level and public warnings issued by the police and/or Home Secretary. Any threat connected with international terrorism will be a national Ð even international Ð issue and information about it will be co-ordinated centrally regardless of what part of the country is under threat. Existing publication and warning regimes 7.85. Some organisations excluded from the Act because they have existing statutorily defined emergency procedures, also have an important role in generating public awareness about emergencies and issuing warnings when necessary. The management of emergencies on nuclear and major industrial sites, including communicating with the public, is already regulated. Site operators have well-established procedures for communicating with the public in the vicinity of their sites. The CCA legal framework does not override existing ones. It will be important to ensure that plans made by Category 1 responders do not duplicate existing arrangements. Category 1 responders may choose to cover in their communications planning the potential for an emergency to spread beyond the scope of individual site plans produced under the