might not be applicable. It is for individual agencies and local areas to take a position on which principles apply to them. Combating antisocial behaviour involves many di?erent partners at local level and we hope that they will apply the principles. Implementing the principles The principles seek to describe a consistent approach to understanding and addressing antisocial behaviour in local communities. The principles are not intended to fetter local decision making but rather to act as a guide in seeking to deliver the best possible outcomes for victims of antisocial behaviour. They are endorsed by the Anti-social behaviour Strategic Board and are also reflective of the antisocial behaviour statutory guidance. We encourage partners to assess local practice against the standard outlined in the principles. Back to top Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Crime, justice and law Crime prevention Collection Antisocial behaviour: guidance for professionals Brings together information for professionals working with antisocial behaviour including the statutory guidance. From: Home O?ce Published 27 March 2023 Statutory guidance for frontline professionals The Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 provides the police, local authorities and other local agencies with powers that they can use to respond quickly and e?ectively to antisocial behaviour. The Home O?ce has published statutory guidance to support local areas to make e?ective use of these powers. It sets out the importance of focusing on the needs of the victim and the local community. Anti-social behaviour powers 27 March 2023 Statutory guidance Anti-social Behaviour Action Plan The plan sets out measures that will support local areas to reduce the antisocial behaviour in their communities. Anti-Social Behaviour Action Plan 21 March 2024 Policy paper Anti-social behaviour principles The Anti-social Behaviour Strategic Board has created principles for taking a consistent approach to understanding and addressing antisocial behaviour in local communities. The principles can be used by any agency tackling anti-social behaviour. This could include local authorities, community safety partnerships, police forces, health agencies, housing associations, civil society organisations, and police and crime commissioners. Anti-social behaviour principles 27 March 2023 Guidance Anti-social behaviour case review The anti-social behaviour case review, formerly known as a community trigger, gives victims of persistent antisocial behaviour the right to request a multi-agency review of their case. Agencies, including local authorities, the police, local health teams and registered providers of social housing have a duty to undertake a case review when requested by someone whose case meets a locally defined threshold. Anti-social behaviour case review 27 March 2023 Guidance Related guidance and best practice More guidance and best practice is available from