the impact of a breach hearing and sentence on the aim of the injunction to prevent gang- related violence or gang-related drug dealing. Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to 17 year olds Breach proceedings relating to adults are heard in the County Court or High Court. Where a person aged 18 or over is brought before a judge following arrest for a breach of an injunction granted by a Youth Court, it is the responsibility of the injunction applicant to provide the judge with the information necessary to determine whether to deal with the matter or adjourn proceedings. If a person aged 18 or over is arrested for a breach of an injunction which was granted by a Youth Court, then he must be brought before a judge of the County Court. Breach of an injunction where the respondent is still under 18 years of age can be dealt with in different ways. The Youth Court can either make a supervision order or a detention order. Section 46A of, and Schedule 5A to, the Policing and Crime Act 2009 set out the specific requirements. When a young person is returned to court for breach of an injunction, the court must consider a report made to assist the court in that respect by the relevant YOT. The court can only make a detention order if it is satisfied that due to the severity or extent of the breach that no other power available to the court is appropriate, and where it makes a detention order it must state in open court why it is so satisfied. 42 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 12.4. Power of arrest The court can attach the power of arrest to any prohibition or requirement of an injunction, except for a requirement that the respondent participates in particular activities. If an applicant believes that the respondent has breached a requirement to participate in a particular activity they may apply to the court for a warrant of arrest. Where power of arrest has been attached, a police officer may arrest without warrant a respondent who is reasonably suspected to be in breach of that prohibition or requirement. Upon the arrest of a respondent, the applicant (if different from the arresting officer) must be informed and the respondent brought before the relevant judge within 24 hours.35 If the matter is not resolved, a respondent can be remanded in custody or on bail. 12.5. Warrant of arrest If applicants believe that the respondent has breached a term of the injunction to which a power of arrest has not been attached they may apply to the court for a warrant of arrest.36 Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to 17 year olds In the County or High Court, the applicant should complete a N244 form and pay the appropriate fee. Applicants should also file an affidavit explaining why a warrant of arrest is necessary and/or give oral evidence