provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Part 3 Detention orders 181 Detention orders (1) A detention order is an order that the defaulter be detained for a period specified in the order in such youth detention accommodation as the Secretary of State may determine. The period specified under sub-paragraph (1) may not exceed the period of three months beginning with the day after that on which the order is made. In sub-paragraph (1) “ youth detention accommodation ” means— a secure training centre; [ a secure college;] F88(aa) a young offender institution; [F89(c) a secure children's home, as defined by section 102(11) of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012.] The function of the Secretary of State under sub-paragraph (1) is exercisable concurrently with the Youth Justice Board. A person detained under a detention order is in legal custody. Revocation of detention order (1) Where a detention order is made, the injunction applicant or the defaulter may apply to [F90a youth] court to revoke it. If it appears to the court to which an application under sub-paragraph (1) is made to be in the interests of justice to do so, having regard to circumstances which have arisen since the detention order was made, the court may grant the application and revoke the order accordingly. The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) include the conduct of the defaulter. If an application made under sub-paragraph (1) in relation to a detention order is dismissed, no further such application may be made in relation to the order by any person without the consent of [F91a youth] court. Before making an application under sub-paragraph (1) the injunction applicant must consult— 182 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes in the case of a detention order made under paragraph 1(1), the youth offending team referred to in paragraph 1(4)(a); or in the case of a detention order made under paragraph 12(4)(b), the youth offending team referred to in paragraph 12(3)(a).] SCHEDULE 6 Section 80 Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Part 1 Amendments Part 3 of the Aviation Security