resilience, and one important distinction is between BCM and crisis management. The Publicly Available Specification on Crisis Management (PAS200) identifies crisis management as wider ranging and inherently strategic in nature. BCM in turn is a more operationally- focused activity to ensure that service disruptions are managed, potentially cascading impacts are mitigated and services are maintained. For further details and for guidance on developing a crisis management capability see http://epcollege.com/epc/news/ pas200-crisis-management---new-guidance-for-crisis/ (including link to the BSI website). 6.7. The BCM duty, however, is determined by the definition of emergency in the Act. The Act therefore imposes a duty on Category 1 responders to put in place plans to ensure that they can continue to exercise their functions in the event of a much narrower range of disruptive challenges.3 6.8. The duty applies only to those events or situations defined as an emergency in section 1 of the Act - events or situations that threaten serious damage to the human welfare, environment or security of a place in the United Kingdom. This should be read in conjunction with section 2(2) of the Act, which provides that an event or situation is only an emergency when it overwhelms existing response arrangements, and cannot be dealt with within existing resources or procedures (see Chapter 1 for an in-depth description of the definition of ÒemergencyÓ underpinning Part 1 of the Act). 6.1. 3 s.2(1)(c) and s.2(2) PAGE 5 6.9. While the duty focuses on the most challenging situations, it is likely that plans put in place to fulfil their duty under the Act will help Category 1 responders to prepare for a much wider range of day-to-day (i.e. non-emergency) interruptions. By putting in place plans to keep themselves going in the event of an emergency, Category 1 responders will build resilience to a wider range of less serious events. Practicability 6.10. Ideally, Category 1 responders would be able to continue all of their functions at ordinary service levels in the event of an emergency. In practice, this may not prove possible, and therefore the duty is qualified. 6.11. The Act requires Category 1 responders to put in place arrangements to ensure that they continue to exercise their functions in the event of an emergency so far as is reasonably practicable.4 6.12. The qualification Òso far as is reasonably practicableÓ has three elements to it: o Criticality: Category 1 responders should focus on ensuring that they can deliver critical functions. Which of its functions are critical is a matter that can be determined only by the organisation itself, and may depend on the nature of the emergency in question. Category 1 responders should not lose sight of the common supporting infrastructure underpinning these functions. The following guiding principles should be used when deciding whether or not a service or activity is critical. It is not intended to be a definitive list, but rather a series of useful indicators: 4 s.2(1)(c) • Emergency management/civil protection: Functions that underpin the Category 1 responderÕs capability to respond to the