Surrender might suggest illegal possession although this may not always be the case. Persons anxious to dispose of firearms and ammunition should be allowed to hand them in at a police station. Disposal might suggest unwanted/unusable firearms held on certificate although it is lawful to dispose of these through a registered firearms dealer (RFD) and owners should be encouraged to take this course to save police resources and realise the value of their items, particularly if they are of an historic or heritage nature. Firearms should either be disposed of through the police, or to a RFD. Following the establishment of the National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NaBIS), police should ensure that recovered firearms and other ballistic items are assessed against the NaBIS submission criteria and submitted to one of the NaBIS hubs in London, Manchester, Birmingham, or Glasgow. General advice on receipt of firearms or ammunition 24.3 Where any firearm is handed to the police, the first priority is to ensure that it is safe. At no time should the gun be pointed in a direction where it might cause death, injury or damage if it were to discharge. All firearms should be made safe by officers or staff qualified and experienced in the handling of firearms. Whatever the individual circumstances, a receipt should be given and the occurrence recorded as Òvoluntary surrender of firearms and/ or ammunitionÓ. Subject to paragraph 24.6 below, a disclaimer should be signed if at all possible to facilitate lawful disposal. 24.4 Undue pressure should not be used to force a potentially financially and historically valuable item to be destroyed and care should be taken to ensure that the wishes of the person handing over the items are fully understood (see paragraphs below). Where guns are taken into the care of the police but remain the property of a certificate or permit holder, it is important that they are so stored that no damage can be caused to them and they are not destroyed without the consent of the owner. In such case, accurate records must be kept with regard to their safe- keeping. 24.5 Different considerations must necessarily apply to those cases when a person wishes to surrender a weapon in respect of which they do not have any lawful authority to possess. It is often the case that weapons may be held by people in ignorance of their illegality; they may be kept in homes where they have been overlooked or forgotten; or may have come into possession of their present owners 187 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law through the death of relatives. It should be borne in mind that the estate of a deceased person retains title to any surrendered firearms and they should be disposed of in accordance with the instructions of the estate. Unless expressly authorised they should not be destroyed by the police. 24.6 Anyone surrendering an illegally held firearm should be questioned discreetly with a view to establishing its history but, unless circumstances exist to give serious cause