Children Act 2004, and because of insurance indemnity issues. Agencies working with voluntary sector organisations will need to consider the health and safety of volunteers. They may wish to use a Service Level Agreement, Memorandum of Understanding or some other form of protocol to establish arrangements to identify the level of insurance cover provided by the voluntary organisations, the training provided to voluntary sector personnel, or the use of Personal Protective Equipment. Further information on establishing these protocols can be found in the Voluntary Sector Engagement Guidance Note at www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/ sites/default/files/resources/engaging_voluntarysector.pdf It is of vital importance that, if an emergency occurs, the voluntary sector should be able to contribute what has been mutually agreed and written into local plans. Voluntary agencies have therefore to be able to demonstrate their capabilities and that their support is reliable, consistent and sustainable to the required standard. A record of available local voluntary resources should be maintained, where appropriate, as part of an LRF-level multi-agency plan. The statutory and voluntary sectors should be clear about their respective roles in an emergency. They each have their own structures and constraints. Voluntary organisations must appreciate that the Category 1 responders bear the responsibility for the overall emergency response. Equally, the statutory services must develop an understanding of the voluntary sector as a rich resource for personnel, professional skills and equipment. They should also recognise that the voluntary sector may have the capability to work with local individuals who are not members of a voluntary organisation and wish to contribute to the response or recovery phases as convergent volunteers, building capacity, individual and community resilience. Individuals are likely to come forward irrespective of whether they are needed. Responders should work with voluntary agencies to formalise a process and procedure for the use of convergent volunteers. 14.22. Plans should include effective procedures for alerting or calling out voluntary organisations, or putting volunteers and organisations on standby (and ensuring stand down) to ensure the optimum response. Early alert is desirable because of the lead time needed for contacting and assembling teams in organisations other than the emergency services. Contingency arrangements should reflect this. It is usually the responsibility of the voluntary sector to organise the initial call-out and briefing of volunteers such as setting out points of contact and how voluntary agency staff might liaise with volunteers and Category 1 or 2 responders. These roles should be reflected in the plans. 14.23. A Memorandum of Understanding should be in place describing any bilateral or multilateral agreement between responders, including financial arrangements. For example, consideration should be given to arrangements for payment of petrol costs to 4x4 drivers in emergency situations such as heavy snow fall. There should be agreement and effective plans on the use of volunteers, the decision-making process leading to their call-out and the method of call-out. Plans should determine who will organise, manage and brief volunteers. Debriefing should be included as part of plan maintenance procedures. Planners also need to establish that volunteers receive refreshment and