at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 3 Members shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of their appointment. 4 Members shall adhere to any statement of principles issued by the Secretary of State as to their conduct as members. Resignation of members 5 (1) The chair of the review body may resign by giving written notice to the Prime Minister. (2) Resignation may be eitherÑ (a) as chair, or (b) as both chair and member. 6 (1) The deputy chair of the review body may resign by giving written notice to the Secretary of State. (2) Resignation may be eitherÑ (a) as deputy chair, or (b) as both deputy chair and member. 7 A member other than the chair or deputy chair may resign by giving written notice to the Secretary of State. Dismissal of members 8 (1) The Prime Minister may by written notice dismiss the chair on the ground thatÑ (a) the chair has been adjudged bankrupt, has been made the subject of a debt relief order (under Part 7A of the Insolvency Act 1986) or has made an arrangement with creditors; (b) in the opinion of the Prime Minister the chair is unable, unfit or unwilling to performÑ (i) the functions of chair, or (ii) the functions of a member. (2) Dismissal may be eitherÑ (a) as chair, or (b) as both chair and member (but only if sub-paragraph (1)(a) or (b)(ii) applies). 9 (1) The Secretary of State may by written notice dismiss the deputy chair on the ground thatÑ (a) the deputy chair has been adjudged bankrupt, has been made the subject of a debt relief order (under Part 7A of the Insolvency Act 1986) or has made an arrangement with creditors; (b) in the opinion of the Secretary of State the deputy chair is unable, unfit or unwilling to performÑ (i) the functions of deputy chair, or (ii) the functions of a member. (2) Dismissal may be eitherÑ (a) as deputy chair, or (b) as both deputy chair and member (but only if sub-paragraph (1)(a) or (b)(ii) applies). (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Schedule to be inserted as Schedule 4B to the Police Act 1996 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 221 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 10 The Secretary of State may by written notice dismiss a member other than the chair or deputy chair on the ground thatÑ (a) the member has been