LRF. It does not deal with expectations regarding attendance at LRFs.] A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? 1. Risk Assessment a) Direct discussions with partners to support compilation of individual risk assessment for each Category 1 organisation. Intermittent Ð impact varies No Information required directly from partners to support each Category 1 responderÕs individual risk assessment. Intermittent Ð impact varies No Ð but Category 1s use CRR to develop their own risk assessments b) Discussion with partners within LRF to compile Community Risk Register. Major and ongoing Yes Information required for Community Risk Register. Major and ongoing Yes c) Discussion with partners within the LRF re publication of the CRR Ð which can be done as part of warning and informing. Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes Consistent approach to providing risk and warning information required across partners. Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? 1. Risk Assessment d) Discussion with partners about • Central government assessment of risk under capabilities programme • Reports back to central government about multi-LRF and national risk registers Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes Information required to help assist with interpreting the local impact of central government risk assessment. Intermittent Ð impact varies Yes e) Discussion with partners to support development of: • specific emergency plans • exercise scenarios. Intermittent - major No Information required to help define the nature and possible quantification of consequences addressed • by Category 1 plans • in exercise scenarios. Intermittent Ð impact varies No f) Risk meetings or discussions with infrastructure operators about Business Continuity plans. Intermittent Ð impact varies Probably not Information from infrastructure operators and main suppliers re business continuity risks. Intermittent - major Probably not A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders Is LRF involved? 2. Emergency Planning a) Direct discussion for Category 1 responders with partners to prepare • specific emergency plans; • multi-agency plans; and • LRF multi-agency plans. Intermittent - major • Probably not • Sometimes • Yes Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures, capabilities and resources. Intermittent - major • Probably not • No • Yes b) Discussion for Category 1 responders with partners about • Plans required by central government • Information required under national capabilities survey. Intermittent - major Yes Details of partner contacts, roles, responsibilities, procedures,