damaged can be ignored and ostracised by other members of the community. Their children may also be rejected at school by fellow members of their cultural, ethnic or religious group. Families who are associated with dishonour are considered damaged and may receive smaller dowries for their children. In extreme cases, their shops and businesses can also be boycotted or even physically attacked by community members who believe that their collective honour has also been damaged. Community leaders and politicians from honour based communities whose honour is damaged can lose support, prestige and influence as a result. Members of families whose honour is damaged can become depressed, suicidal or abusive. These feelings occur in the wider family as well as with the victim who is therefore blamed for the feelings, distress and ill health that they are causing others. FORCED MARRIAGE 'Forced MarriageÕ is where one or both of the partners (more often the woman, but not exclusively) is forced or coerced into marrying. This is further expanded upon in Multi-Agency Practice Guidelines: Handling cases of Forced Marriage (HM Government 2008): "A forced marriage is a marriage in which one or both spouses do not (or in the case of some adults with learning or physical disabilities, cannot) consent to the marriage and duress is involved. Duress can include physical, psychological, financial, sexual and emotional pressure". Forced marriage is an abuse of human rights and cannot be justified on any religious or cultural basis. It is regarded as an extreme form of Domestic and/or Child Abuse. European Convention on Human Rights - ARTICLE 12 [Right to marry]: Men and women of marriageable age have the right to marry and to found a family, according to the national laws governing the exercise of this right. UNICEF reports that an estimated 10 million girls each year are married before the age of 18, many of them as young as eight years old to men who may be three or four times their age. Child marriage cuts across countries, cultures, religions and ethnicities: 46 per cent of girls under 18 are married in South Asia; 38 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa; 29 per cent in the Americas; 18 per cent in the Middle East and North Africa; as well as in some communities in Europe and North America (Source: UNICEF). In calendar year 2013 HM GovernmentÕs3 Forced Marriage Unit (FMU) gave advice or support in 1302 cases involving people from 74 different countries, which is further broken down as: • 82% of cases involved female victims and 18% involved male victims. • Where the age was known, 15% of cases involved victims below 16 years, 25% victims aged 3https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/291855/FMU_2013_statistics. pdf 16-17, 33% victims aged 18-21, 15% victims aged 22-25, 7% involved victims aged 26-30, 3% victims aged 31+. • 97 cases involved victims with disabilities. • 12 involved victims who identified as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender. It is essential to identify and draw the distinction with arranged marriages, which are fully supported in