alcohol and drugs misuse can increase the likelihood and severity of domestic abuse.61 However, there is not a causal relationship between substance 60 Galop. Myths and Stereotypes About Partner Abuse Among LGBT People: 2019. 61 See Guedes, A., Bott, S., Garcia-Moreno, C., Colombini, M., 2016. Bridging the gaps: a global review of intersections of violence against women and violence against children. Global Health Action, 9(1); Capaldi, D. Knoble, N. Shortt, J. Hyon, K., 2012. A systematic review of risk factors for intimate partner violence. Partner Abuse. Volume 2, Issue 3, pp 231-280. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance misuse and domestic abuse. Substances can act to disinhibit, rather than act as a cause of violence and abuse. Many people believe that alcohol and/or drugs increase aggression and physical violence and therefore perpetrators are likely to use this as an excuse for their abusive behaviour. Given the frequent coexistence of domestic abuse, drugs and alcohol, it is important that responding agencies understand the subtle ways in which a perpetrator may use the victim’s substance use as an explanation or a moral justification for their abuse.62 Some of the ways in which a perpetrator may use reliance on or abuse of substances include: Perpetrators may use the disinhibiting effects of substances as an excuse for their violence and abuse, e.g. ‘I’m not usually like that, but I was off my head’; Alcohol in particular can act as a pre-emptive justification for violence towards a victim. A perpetrator may drink when already frustrated or angry at their victim and then use the alcohol to wind themselves up towards violence – should they then act violently they will have a ready-made excuse for their behaviour; A victim’s substance use can be presented as an excuse for violence by the perpetrator or to undermine a victim’s credibility; Perpetrators may also – control or withhold substances as a means of abuse; force victims to use substances against their will, or by administering them without their knowledge; sabotage victims undergoing treatment for substance use; and force or coerce a victim into exchanging sex for drugs, alcohol, or money, or committing a crime, such as theft, to pay for the perpetrator’s drugs or alcohol. Addressing a perpetrator’s drug or alcohol use alone is unlikely to reduce or solve the problem of their abusive behaviour. It is important that alongside any alcohol or drugs treatment programmes for perpetrators, addressing the causes of the substance abuse, interventions also address the complex dynamics of power and control which underpin domestic abuse, for example, through domestic abuse perpetrator programmes. For more information, see the section on ‘Addressing the behaviour of the perpetrator’ in ‘Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. 62 Against Violence and Abuse (AVA). Stella Project Toolkit: Domestic Abuse and Substance Use: 2007. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 4 – Impact of Domestic Abuse Impact on Victims Physical Domestic abuse can cause serious and devastating long and short term physical and mental, emotional, and psychological health impacts