following types of hidden data and personal information: > Comments, revision marks from tracked changes, versions, and ink annotations If you've collaborated with other people to create your document, your document might contain items such as revision marks from tracked changes, comments, ink annotations, or versions. This information can enable other people to see the names of people who worked on your document, comments from reviewers, and changes that were made to your document, things that you might not want to share outside of your team or the force. > Document properties and personal information - Document properties, or metadata, include details about your document such as author, subject, and title. Document properties also include information that is automatically maintained by ÔOfficeÕ programs, such as the name of the person who most recently saved a document and the date when a document was created. If you used specific features, your document might also contain additional kinds of personally identifiable information (PII), such as e-mail headers, send-for-review information, routing slips, and template names. > Headers, footers, and watermarks - Word documents can contain information in headers and footers. Additionally, you might have added a watermark to your Word document. > Hidden text - Word documents can contain text that is formatted as hidden text. If you do not know whether your document contains hidden text, you can use the Document Inspector to search for it (see section 4 above). > Document server properties - If your document was saved to a location on a document management server, such as a Document Workspace site or a library based on Windows SharePoint Services, the document might contain additional document properties or information related to this server location. > Custom XML data - Documents can contain custom XML data that is not visible in the document itself. The Document Inspector can find and remove this XML data. Guidance on using the Document Inspector can be found in Appendix B. Appendix A Redacting a Microsoft Word Document: Step 1: Make an electronic copy of the word document to be redacted. Step 2: When redacting a word document you should replace the words / text to be redacted with [REDACTED] throughout the document. Then click save. Step 3: Save the document as a PDF and close it. To do this, simply select File>Save as and select PDF from the ÔSave as TypeÕ drop down menu Ð then select >options>PDF options and tick ISO 19005-1 compliant. Your screen will now appear as below. Redacting a Pdf Document Step 1: Open document in Adobe Pro and click on ÔToolsÕ Step 2: Go through the document and mark for redaction, then apply redactions Step 3: You will receive a prompt if you want to remove hidden information. Select ÔRemoveÕ Step 4: To complete the redaction process either close the document or save as - if you want Appendix B Find and remove hidden data and personal information with the Document Inspector You can use the Document Inspector to find