Harms Student Achievement.” American Educational Research Journal, February 1, 2013. https://cepa.stanford.edu/content/ho w-teacher-turnover-harms-student- achievement. Blazar, D. “Teachers of color, culturally responsive teaching, and student outcomes: Experimental Evidence from the Random Assignment of Teachers to Classes”, December 2021 https://edworkingpapers.com/sites/d efault/files/ai21-501.pdf. A. Bekkerman, D. Boyd, R. Chetty, and D. Goldhaber. “Restricting Seniority as a Factor in Public School District Layoffs: Analyzing the Impact of State Legislation on Graduation Rates.” Economics of Education Review, December 7, 2019. https://www.sciencedirect.com/scie nce/article/abs/pii/S0272775718305 028. Grissom, Jason A., and Susanna Loeb. “Assessing Principals’ Assessments: Subjective Evaluations of Teacher.” Education Finance and Policy, June 27, 2017. https://cepa.stanford.edu/content/ass essing-principals-assessments- subjective-evaluations-teacher- effectiveness-low-and-high-stakes- environments. Hanushek. “Value-Added Models of Teachers”. 2013. http://hanushek.stanford.edu/sites/d efault/files/publications/Hanushek 2013 Focus 29(2).pdf . “ASA statement on using value-added models for Educational Assessment.” 2012. https://www.amstat.org/docs/default -source/amstat-documents/pol- asavam-statement.pdf. Revamping Federal Mentorship Programs to Address ‘Hidden Curricula’ in Higher Education By Danielle Berkowitz, db755@cornell.edu Hidden curricula – the unspoken social, cultural, and academic expectations – have increasingly disadvantaged first-generation and low-income students. The Department of Education should revamp federal mentorship programs, such as TRIO, to make hidden curricula explicit, providing all students with a clear understanding of higher education expectations. Background Students across the United States experience vastly different learning opportunities, as many minority and low-income students face unequal access to resources compared to their affluent peers. This disparity not only affects students’ K-12 experience but also limits avenues for higher education and college readiness. As students transition to higher education, the effects of this inequality persist. Students from wealthier backgrounds often come equipped with cultural capital, which helps them navigate the unspoken norms of higher education, like interacting with professors, understanding syllabi, and attending office hours.1 These informal but crucial skills, known as “hidden curricula,” are assumed to be universal; however, many first-generation and low- income students have never been exposed to them.2 As a result, hidden curriculum perpetuates educational inequities, putting these students at a disadvantage in higher education. The federal government currently offers a series of eight mentorship programs, such as Upward Bound, Talent Search, and Student Support Services (TRIO) Programs, to help students overcome economic, social, academic, and cultural barriers in education.3 Three of these programs — Student Support Services, the McNair Post-Baccalaureate Achievement Program, and Veterans’ Upward Bound — specifically focus on barriers in higher education; nevertheless, these programs do not address components of hidden curriculum. Instead, they concentrate on other elements such as tutoring, academic coaching, and supplemental coursework. Furthermore, the programs lack clear, measurable objectives, making it difficult to assess their effectiveness.4 Program outcomes are defined by long-term student success without considering the specific determinants of that success. This approach perpetuates inequality, as it fails to address one of the root causes — hidden curricula — and instead relies on academic support as a supplementary fix.5 Policy Idea The Department of Education (ED) should revamp federal TRIO programs in higher education to address challenges associated with the hidden curriculum. This revamped approach would introduce targeted initiatives focused on key aspects of hidden curricula, such as financial