means— the local justice area for the time being specified in the order, or if it appears to the justice of the peace that the offender resides in another local justice area, that local justice area. Failure to answer to a summons (1) This paragraph applies where the offender does not appear in answer to a summons issued under paragraph 2. The magistrates' court may issue a warrant for the arrest of the offender. Any such warrant must require the offender to be brought before— a youth court acting in the relevant local justice area, if the offender is under the age of 18, or a magistrates' court (other than a youth court) acting in the relevant local justice area, if the offender is aged 18 or over. In sub-paragraph (3) “the relevant local justice area” means— the local justice area for the time being specified in the order, or if it appears to the magistrates' court that the offender resides in another local justice area, that local justice area. Powers of magistrates' court (1) This paragraph applies where— the offender appears or is brought before a magistrates' court in accordance with this Part of this Schedule, and it is proved to the satisfaction of the court that the offender has failed without reasonable excuse to comply with the order. The court— must revoke the order (if it remains in force), and may deal with the offender in respect of the failure by dealing with the offender, for the offence in respect of which the order was made, in any way in which the court could deal with the offender if the offender had just been convicted by it of the offence. In dealing with an offender under sub-paragraph (2)(b), the court must take into account the extent to which the offender has complied with the order. A person sentenced under sub-paragraph (2)(b) may appeal to the Crown Court against the sentence. 146 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 1 – Schedule to the Street Offences Act 1959 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Part 3 Amendment of order Change of supervisor (1) Where the supervisor is unable to continue acting in that capacity, the supervisor, a constable or the offender may apply to the relevant magistrates' court to amend the order by specifying a different person to act as supervisor. Where the court is satisfied that the supervisor is unable to continue acting, the court must— amend the order by specifying a different person to act as supervisor, or if no such person is available, revoke the