reassess any identified existing risks. Risk assessment forms should be retained by the officer in charge and filed with all relevant documentation. Back to Civil contingencies overview Tags Civil emergencies Title: SERIOUS CRIME BILL: INTRODUCTION OF NEW OFFENCE OF THE UNAUTHORISED POSSESSION OF KNIVES AND OFFENSIVE WEAPONS WITHIN THE PRISON ESTATE IA No: MoJ019/2014 Lead department or agency: Ministry of Justice Other departments or agencies: Home Office Summary: Intervention and Options Impact Assessment (IA) Date: 20/10/2014 Stage: Final Source of intervention: Domestic Type of measure: Primary legislation Contact for enquiries: Emma Prince emma.prince@noms.gsi.gov.uk 0300 0476202 RPC Opinion: RPC Opinion Status Cost of Preferred (or more likely) Option Total Net Present Value Business Net Present Value Net cost to business per year (EANCB on 2009 prices) In scope of One-In, Two-Out? Measure qualifies as £m £0m £0m No In/Out/zero net cost What is the problem under consideration? Why is government intervention necessary? Whilst possession of an offensive weapon or bladed article is a criminal offence in a public place and in a school, it is not currently a criminal offence in prison. This has led to a disparity between the penalties available to tackle this sort of crime in the community and those available within prison. Currently, finds of weapons in prison are dealt with via the internal adjudication process. However, the most serious cases of weapon possession would be better dealt with via the Criminal Justice System as it allows for longer custodial sentences to be imposed and ensures that the offence is recorded on the offenderÕs criminal record. Government intervention is therefore necessary to address the disparity, and to secure the ability to pursue criminal prosecution in the most serious cases of possession in prison. What are the policy objectives and the intended effects? * To ensure that there are adequate measures available within prison to deal with such crimes with punishments which are proportionate to both the seriousness of the offence and comparable to that available in the community. * To provide that those who commit offences can be held to account by having an appropriate criminal record which can be considered in any future sentencing and, through the criminal conviction, to ensure that the police have a record of a violent offence for that offender in case of future involvement in crime. * Overall, to contribute to making prisons a safer place for both staff and prisoners. What policy options have been considered, including any alternatives to regulation? Please justify preferred option (further details in Evidence Base) Option 0 - Do nothing. Continue to rely on the existing prison adjudication process to punish all prisoners found to possess a knife, bladed article or offensive weapon whilst in prison custody. Option 1 Ð Create an offence of the unauthorised possession within prison (including Young Offender Institutes (YOI)) of a knife, or bladed or pointed weapon or other offensive weapon (as defined in section 1(9) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984) - a triable either way offence