Section 35(5) of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. 12 Including those protected under the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. 22 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing the date the injunction is granted), the court must order the applicant and the respondent to attend a review hearing within the last 4 weeks of the one year period. 8.2. Examples of prohibitions These examples are based on the suggested prohibitions in the 2009 Act. The suggestions in section 35(2) of the 2009 Act are not exhaustive and therefore applicants may apply for any reasonable prohibition. 8.2.1. Non-association A respondent may have been involved in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing with certain individuals in the past and be shown to be at risk of future involvement in gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing with them. In these circumstances, applicants may wish to consider prohibiting a respondent from associating in public with named gang members. However, difficulties with enforcing this prohibition may arise if the respondent is closely related to the other members of his/her gang or is required to be in their presence. These difficulties may arise if, for example, they attend the same educational institution, workplace or place of religious worship, or are in a relationship or have a child together. Where non-association conditions may be compromised due to education or another reasonable circumstance, the application should clearly state on which days and at what times the association condition is in force. It would be more difficult to justify before a court why a non-association provision should extend to private spaces, and applicants would need to demonstrate why such a condition is both necessary and proportionate. Where such a prohibition is considered appropriate, it may be difficult to monitor and enforce. In such cases, evidence from neighbours, housing authorities, or police officers will be integral in monitoring compliance with the terms of the injunction. Special attention should be given to those respondents who are in custody. Engagement with the secure estate will be required to ensure information about the terms and conditions of the gang injunction are provided to assist case management whilst in custody and to inform release plans. This should include consideration of further non-association conditions on release from custody under an extant or new injunction or as part of supervision requirements. 8.2.2. Exclusion zones An exclusion zone prohibits the respondent from visiting or travelling through a particular area or areas. Applicants should be able to demonstrate that such a prohibition is both proportionate and enforceable (i.e. not excluding a respondent from the entire area in which they live, work or study). Excluding a respondent from the entirety of their gangÕs territory could push the respondent into the territory of a rival gang, putting them at risk of harm. It is good practice to include a map as part of the application that clearly shows the proposed exclusion zone. This map should be based on the locations of any gang-related