has appointed a representative for the purposes of section 24AG(2)(c); 120 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 8 – Miscellaneous Chapter 1 – Safeguarding vulnerable groups and criminal records Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes a person nominated by the manager of the aerodrome under section 24AG(3) accepts the nomination. In the application of this Part to Scotland— references to the chief officer of police for the relevant police area are to be read as references to the chief constable of the police force for that area, and references to the police authority for the relevant police area are, where a joint police board is constituted for that area in accordance with an amalgamation scheme made under the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77), to be read as references to that joint police board. In the application of this Part to Northern Ireland— references to the chief officer of police for the relevant police area are to be read as references to the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and references to the police authority for the relevant police area are to be read as references to the Northern Ireland Policing Board.” Policing at airports Schedule 6 (which amends Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 (c. 36) and makes transitional and saving provision) has effect. Part 8 Miscellaneous Chapter 1 Safeguarding vulnerable groups and criminal records Renaming of Independent Barring Board Renaming of Independent Barring Board The Independent Barring Board is renamed the Independent Safeguarding Authority. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 8 – Miscellaneous Chapter 1 – Safeguarding vulnerable groups and criminal records Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 121 For the words in the left-hand column of the table, wherever they appear in the enactments mentioned in subsection (3), substitute the corresponding words in the right-hand column of the table. Existing words Substitution “Independent Barring Board” “Independent Safeguarding Authority” “Independent Barring Board's” “Independent Safeguarding Authority's” “IBB” “ISA” “IBB's” “ISA's” The enactments are— Schedule 1 to the Superannuation Act 1972 (c. 11), sections 7 and 11 of the Police Pensions Act 1976 (c. 35), section 35C of the Medical Act