Sigma (POLIS). FALL 2024 CENTER DIRECTORS Elliot Serna ‘27, Center Director for Domestic Policy Elliott is a student at Cornell University’s Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy studying Public Policy with a minor in Urban and Regional Studies. Elliott serves as Center Director of CPG’s Domestic Policy Center, supporting the Center’s work at the fore of all topics touching US domestic policy. Outside of CPG, Elliott is a student researcher working on housing policy research with the Brooks School’s Senior Associate Dean of Public Engagement, Dr. Jamila Michener, and economics replication work with Cornell’s Labor Dynamics Institute, with a particular research interest in community development and administrative reform. Rachel Baron ’27, Assistant Center Director for Domestic Policy Rachel is a junior studying Government, with a minor in International Relations. She has been with CPG’s Domestic Center since Fall 2023, and now serves as Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Domestic Policy. She’s interested in a wide range of policy topics, all centered around how domestic policy can affect human rights on a global scale. Beyond CPG, Rachel is an undergraduate scholar for the Institute of Policy and Global Affairs, an editor for the Cornell International Affairs Review, a brother of Phi Alpha Delta, and a sister in Delta Delta Delta. Alice Lee ‘26, Center Director for Economic Policy Alice is a junior, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management with an intended minor in Applied Economics. She joined CPG as an economic policy analyst in Fall 2023, and now serves as the Economic Center Director. Alice’s policy interests include housing rights, racial disparities in economic mobility, and social welfare programs in general. Nathaniel Cain ‘27, Assistant Center Director for Economic Policy Nathaniel is a sophomore, majoring in Policy Analysis and Management. He joined CPG in Fall 2023, and he is most interested in consumer protection policy, macroeconomic policy, and housing policy. Outside of CPG, he is the Head Teaching Assistant for the introductory public policy course at Cornell, a research assistant within the ILR School, a member of a student consulting organization, and a DJ for WVBR. Sejal Sekhar ‘27, Center Director for Education Policy Sejal is a sophomore, majoring in Public Policy in the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy with plans of minoring in Business and Law & Society. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 and is interested in researching educational inequalities and creating policies that address them. Outside of CPG, Sejal is a brother of Cornell's Kappa Alpha Pi Pre-Law Fraternity, a board member of Community Partnership Funding Board, and a dancer on Cornell's competitive Bhangra Team. Danielle Berkowitz ‘27, Assistant Center Director for Education Policy Danielle Berkowitz is a sophomore studying public policy at the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy, with intended minors in Law and Society and Business. She joined CPG in the Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Education Center and now serves as Assistant Education Center Director. Danielle's policy interests focus on addressing education inequality, specifically advancing equitable