subsection (2) for Òthose functionsÓ substitute Ò the functions conferred by or under section 6 Ó. (8) In subsection (5), omitÑ (a) the word ÒandÓ at the end of the definition of Òfire and rescue authorityÓ, and (b) the definition of Òpolice authorityÓ. 3 After section 5 insertÑ Ò5A Combination agreements: further provision (1) A combination agreement for a combined area may be made only if every responsible authority in relation to that area is a party to the agreement. (2) The relevant local policing body for a combined area may enter into a combination agreement for that area only if it considers that it would be in the interests of one or more of the following to do soÑ (a) reducing crime and disorder; (b) reducing re-offending; (c) combating the misuse of drugs, alcohol and other substances. (3) Subsections (4) to (6) apply if a combined area in relation to a combination agreement includes (wholly or party) the area of more than one police area. (1) 216 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Crime and disorder strategies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (4) The combination agreement must include arrangements for securing effective and efficient co-operationÑ (a) between each of the relevant local policing bodies in relation to the combined area, and (b) between the responsible authorities for the area and those relevant local policing bodies. (5) The Secretary of State must be a party to the agreement (if not already a party by virtue of being a relevant local policing body in relation to the combined area). (6) The Secretary of State may enter into the agreement only if the Secretary of StateÑ (a) considers that it would be in the interests of one or more of the matters mentioned in subsection (2), and (b) is satisfied that the arrangements mentioned in subsection (4) are adequate for the purposes of securing effective and efficient co- operation in the carrying out of functions under section 6. (7) A combination agreementÑ (a) must be in writing, and (b) may be varied by a further combination agreement. (8) A combination agreement may be terminated by agreement in writing between the parties to it; and subsection (2), and (as the case may be) (6)(a), applies to an agreement under this subsection. (9) In this section Òcombination agreementÓ, Òcombined areaÓ and Òrelevant local policing bodyÓ have the same meanings as in section 5.Ó. 4 (1) Section 6 (formulation and implementation of strategies) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1), after Òsection 5Ó insert Ò , with subsection (1A), Ó. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) In exercising functions under subsection (1), apart from devolved Welsh functions (as defined by section 5(8)), each of the responsible authorities for a local government area must have