person shall not be guilty of an offence if the shooting of deer at night is conducted in pursuance of a Notice issued by DEFRA under section 98 of the Agriculture Act 1947. No person shall also be guilty of an offence if deer are killed at night if such a killing is to prevent the suffering of an injured or diseased deer under section 6(2) of the 1991 Act. Scotland 13.28 Section 18 of the Deer (Scotland) Act 1996 (as amended by section 26(5) of the 2011 Act) makes it an offence to take or wilfully kill or injure deer at night. ÔNightÕ is again defined as being the period between the expiry of one hour after sunset and the beginning of the last hour before sunrise. An occupier or person nominated by the occupier must satisfy NatureScot that they are fit and competent to receive authorisation (see section 37(1)), they may then be granted authorisation from NatureScot to shoot deer at night if: 121 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law i. either the taking or killing is necessary to prevent damage to crops, pasture, human or animal foodstuffs, or to woodland; or ii. the taking or killing is in the interests of public safety, and iii. no other means of control which might be reasonably adopted in the circumstances would be adequate. 13.29 NatureScot publishes a code of practice for night shooting (see section 37(5) of the Deer (Scotland) Act 1996), which sets out the conditions which a certificate holder is obliged to follow. These are: i. The authorisation document must be completed and returned to NatureScot not later than seven days after the date of expiry with details of any deer killed under authorisation. ii. NatureScot reserves the right to accompany controllers at any time to determine that the terms and conditions of the authorisation are being applied. iii. NatureScot may withdraw the authorisation at any time. iv. That the person authorised will comply with the Code of practice for Shooting Deer at Night (updated 4 July 2003). v. That the person authorised will inform the local police and neighbours of the times night shooting will take place. vi. That prior to commencement of shooting, the person authorised will warn any person, who to that personÕs knowledge, is likely to be on the land at the above mentioned location of the issue of this authorisation and the intention to take or kill deer. vii. The authorised person must comply with The Deer (Firearms etc.) (Scotland) Order 1985 and appropriate sections of the Deer (Scotland) Act 1996 (as amended). viii. A minimum of two persons are required to operate under this authorisation. ix. In woodland, a suitable dog must be present to track wounded deer and prevent unnecessary suffering. 13.30 There is no longer a requirement to use larger calibre rifles for night shooting; controllers must ensure firearms meet minimum requirements as set out in paragraph 13.15. 13.31 Use of head and neck shots are not recommended for night