often domestic abuse is spoken about in relation to those who are ‘high risk’ cases, but for many victims, the abuse they suffer is secret, it is subtle, and it is sustained. This guidance has been subject to extensive engagement with experts from the sector, independent Commissioners, academics, and those on the frontline. We especially acknowledge and thank the organisations within the domestic abuse sector who collaborated with officials in drafting this guidance, providing feedback and looking at each section in detail in the development stages. We also thank everyone who responded during the consultation stage sharing their comments, insights and experiences to assist in finalising this document. For as long as domestic abuse exists, support for victims must exist, and for those working to protect victims, this guidance will help ensure that we are all playing our part in tackling this abhorrent crime. The Right Hon Priti Patel MP, Secretary of State for the Home Department 1 Office for National Statistics (ONS). Domestic abuse victim characteristics, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Executive Summary Purpose and legal status This statutory guidance is issued under section 84 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (‘the 2021 Act’). It is intended to increase awareness and inform the response to domestic abuse. It also conveys standards and promotes best practice. Section 84(4) of the 2021 Act requires persons exercising public functions, to whom the guidance relates, to have regard to the guidance in the exercise of those functions. Some organisations may also have specific statutory duties to safeguard victims of domestic abuse. This guidance should therefore be read in conjunction with other relevant guidance and codes of practice, several of which are signposted within the document. This guidance focuses on support for victims. Not everyone who has experienced, or is experiencing, domestic abuse chooses to describe themselves as a ‘victim’ and other terms may be preferred such as ‘survivor’. We recognise both terms, however, the guidance predominantly uses the term ‘victim’ to be consistent with the terminology of the 2021 Act. Audience This statutory guidance is aimed at organisations working with victims, perpetrators and commissioning services, including the police, local authorities, and the NHS. It is also of relevance to organisations dealing with consequences of domestic abuse such as employers and financial institutions. A non-exhaustive list of who this guidance is intended for is set out below: English and Welsh local authorities Police forces and Police and Crime Commissioners (PCCs) The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service (Cafcass) and Cafcass Cymru Services for forms of violence against women and girls including any specialist domestic abuse services (including services serving men and boys) Local housing and homelessness teams, registered social landlords Early years, childcare, schools, colleges, and higher education settings Adult social care and children’s social care providers NHS England and NHS Improvement (from 2022, NHS England) Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Clinical