surface of the backing material. 6.10.2. Shot marking The centremost point on the panel shall be marked as the shot centre based on the intersections of the centrelines of the armour (from the widest sections) in horizontal and vertical directions, as shown in Figure 20. In some instances, these locations may not comply with the shot placement rules outlined in Section 6.1.4; this is acceptable. Figure 20: Example shot marking on extended coverage panels On panels where there is a tapering in geometry equating to a change in width greater than 50% of the panels widest point, the manufacturer must either stipulate an area of full protection or subject the panel to testing on the tapered region as well as the main body. In these instances, the performance of the panel will be considered as a whole. This is illustrated in Figure 21. Figure 21: Example of shot marking on tapered extended coverage panels 6.10.3. Test methods Extended coverage panels shall be tested using the ammunition detailed in Table 8 for each protection level. Two shots shall be conducted per ammunition type; one on small and one on large panels. All shots shall be performed in an orientation such that the line of flight of the bullet is perpendicular to the flat front face of the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 backing material. 6.10.4. Assessments All assessments shall be carried out in accordance with the performance assessment criteria outlined in Section 6.1.1. After each shot has been performed, perforation shall be assessed from the body side of the armour. BFS is not assessed in extended coverage panels. 6.10.5. Records The following information shall be recorded after each shot has been conducted and included in the test report: • Held or perforated. • Shot velocity measured at 2 ± 0.1 m from front face of panel at the point of aim, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • If held, BFS profile: * hemispherical; * pencilling Ð if this occurs, measurements and photographs shall be taken and presented with the test report to CAST. • Details of any fragmentation/spall (if applicable). • After all shots have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Mean velocity from all shots in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. 6.11. Reporting Reporting of all ballistic tests shall follow the template provided by CAST.28 This completed report shall be sent to CAST alongside any associated relevant information (e.g. photographs) on completion of tests. All test reports will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions Ôfor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all partiesÕ and kept on record for a minimum of five years. 28 To be issued to test facilities in a separate file. 7. Stab testing 7.1. General stab testing requirements 7.1.1. Performance assessment criteria All stab resistant armour, regardless of protection level, shall not exceed the penetration limits defined in