job that is worthwhile and offers opportunities for development and progression. Employees should be fully supported throughout organisational change and situations of uncertainty. • Ensuring that groups of officers and staff who might be exposed to stress but might be less likely to be included in the various approaches for promoting mental wellbeing have the equity of opportunity to participate. These groups include part-time workers, shift workers. 6.1 Assessing Opportunities With regards to assessing opportunities for promoting employees' mental wellbeing and managing risks. Wiltshire Police have adopted a structured approach to assessing opportunities for promoting officers, staff and volunteers mental wellbeing and managing risks. This approach involves: • Ensuring systems are in place for assessing and monitoring the mental wellbeing of officers, staff and volunteers so that areas for improvement can be identified and risks caused by work and working conditions addressed. This includes using employee surveys and information about absence rates, injuries, investigation, grievances, Occupational health reports, staff turnover and exit interview information. Monitored through People intelligence Board • • Making officers and staff aware of their legal entitlements regarding quality of work and working conditions. Officers and staff should be made aware of their responsibilities for looking after their own mental wellbeing. For example, officers and staff need to identify concerns and needs relating to support or improvements in the working environment. Open communication to support this process. • Using frameworks such as Health and Safety Executive management standards for work- related stress to promote and protect employee mental wellbeing. • Adopting the Blue light framework • Responding to the needs of officers and staff who may be at particular risk of stress caused by work and working conditions, or who may be experiencing mental health problems for other reasons. Well-implemented policies for managing officers and staff absence are important for ensuring that those who are experiencing stress can be identified early and offered support. Support could include counselling or stress management training, fast track referral to specialist intervention provided through occupational health. 6.2 Agile and Flexible working Wiltshire Police have adopted a modern and flexible approach to agile working which supports wellness; this is supplemented by our empowered style of leadership. Where reasonably practical and appropriate, Officers and staff are provided with opportunities for flexible working according to their needs and aspirations in both their personal and working lives. Different options for flexible working include part-time working, remote working, job sharing and flexitime. Such opportunities can enhance employees' sense of control and promote engagement and job satisfaction. Wiltshire Police policies and guidance have helped develop a culture that supports flexible working and addresses employees' concerns. Managers respond to and seek to accommodate appropriate requests from officers and staff for flexible working and ensure consistency and fairness in processing applications. Managers' ability to manage teams with flexible working patterns is supported through management training and managers having access to local Human resource advisors to provide support and guidance. 6.3 ManagersÕ responsibilities Wiltshire Police have created an environment that