regulations to ensure that serving personnel and those who are recently discharged do not lose their qualification rights because of the necessity to move from base to base. Both of these changes apply also to bereaved spouses or civil partners who have to leave Ministry of Defence provided accommodation, and to serving and former members of the Reserve Armed Forces who have been seriously injured or disabled in service. 140. In June this year, delivering on a commitment in the GovernmentÕs response to the Veterans Strategy consultation, we published statutory guidance for local authorities to improve access to social housing for members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. The guidance will ensure that service personnel and veterans suffering from mental health are prioritised for social housing; that those who separate from their partners in the Armed Forces are exempted from any local connection test; and that local authorities can identify applications from members of the Armed Forces community to ensure they are considered appropriately. 36 https://www.cih.org/policy/make-a-stand The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 63 Chapter 7: To be supported to take your first step to ownership 64 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper We are determined to increase the supply of new and beautiful social homes Ð and to ensure that as many social tenants as possible have the opportunity to buy a home of their own. To increase the supply of social homes, we have: • Built over 486,600 new affordable homes since 2010, including 142,400 for social rent. • Announced our new £11.5 billion Affordable Homes Programme Ð the largest single investment in social housing for a decade Ð that will deliver up to 180,000 new homes. • Announced a new £3 billion Affordable Homes Guarantee Scheme which aims to provide long- term, low cost and fixed rate debt finance to registered providers. • Removed the cap on local authority borrowing to fund housebuilding. • Consulted on whether greater flexibilities can be offered around how local authorities can use receipts from Right to Buy sales. • Supported community-led housebuilding through the community housing fund. • Announced we will consult on further guidance to provide clarity on rural exception sites policy, to ensure they are used to their full potential. To ensure that more social tenants have the opportunity to buy a home, we have: • Introduced a new shared ownership model that will be fairer, more consumer-friendly and more accessible. • Announced that around half of the homes delivered by the new Affordable Homes Programme will be for affordable home ownership. • Announced a new Right to Shared Ownership, meaning that most new grant-funded housing association homes for rent will give residents the opportunity to purchase a 10% (or more) stake in their home and to purchase further shares in future. • Launched a pilot of Voluntary Right to Buy in the Midlands, giving thousands of housing association residents the opportunity to own their home. We are