or any part of the premises; (b) may include provision about access to a part of the building or structure of which the premises form part. (9) The court must notify the relevant licensing authority if it makes a closure order in relation to premises in respect of which a premises licence is in force. 81 Temporary orders (1) This section applies where an application has been made to a magistrates' court under section 80 for a closure order. (2) If the court does not make a closure order it may nevertheless order that the closure notice continues in force for a specified further period of not more than 48 hours, if satisfiedÑ (a) that the use of particular premises has resulted, or (if the notice is not continued) is likely soon to result, in nuisance to members of the public, or (b) that there has been, or (if the notice is not continued) is likely soon to be, disorder near those premises associated with the use of those premises, (a) 58 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes and that the continuation of the notice is necessary to prevent the nuisance or disorder from continuing, recurring or occurring. (3) The court may adjourn the hearing of the application for a period of not more than 14 days to enableÑ (a) the occupier of the premises, (b) the person with control of or responsibility for the premises, or (c) any other person with an interest in the premises, to show why a closure order should not be made. (4) If the court adjourns the hearing under subsection (3) it may order that the closure notice continues in force until the end of the period of the adjournment. 82 Extension of closure orders (1) At any time before the expiry of a closure order, an application may be made to a justice of the peace, by complaint, for an extension (or further extension) of the period for which the order is in force. (2) Those entitled to make an application under this section areÑ (a) where the closure order was made on the application of a constable, a police officer of at least the rank of inspector; (b) where the closure order was made on the application of a local authority, that authority. (3) A police officer or local authority may make an application under this section only if satisfied on reasonable grounds that