date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) may make consequential, supplementary, incidental, transitional, transitory or saving provision. (3) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this Chapter may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. (4) Subsection (3) does not apply to a statutory instrument containing only regulations under section 26(2) or (4). (5) A statutory instrument within subsection (4) is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. 36 Interpretation (1) In this ChapterÑ F3... Òdevolved Welsh authorityÓ has the meaning given in section 157A of the Government of Wales Act 2006; [F4Òintegrated care boardÓ means a body established under section 14Z25 of the National Health Service Act 2006;] Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to EnglandÑ (i) a county council, (ii) a district council, (iii) a London borough council, (iv) the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as a local authority, or (v) the Council of the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to WalesÑ (i) a county council, or (ii) a county borough council; Òlocal health boardÓ means a local health board established under section 11 of the National Health Service (Wales) Act 2006; ÒNHS bodyÓ has the same meaning as in the National Health Service Act 2006 (see section 275 of that Act); Òreview partnerÓ meansÑ (a) a chief officer of police for a police area in England or Wales, (b) a local authority, (c) [F5an integrated care board, or] (d) a local health board; Òrelevant review partnerÓ has the meaning given by section 25. (2) The Secretary of State may by regulationsÑ (a) amend the definition of Òreview partnerÓ, and (a) 38 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) make such consequential amendments of this Chapter as appear to the Secretary of State to be appropriate. (3) Before making regulations under subsection (2), the Secretary of State must consultÑ (a) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent review partners, (b) the Welsh Ministers, so far as the proposed regulations relate to a devolved Welsh authority, and (c) such other persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. CHAPTER 3 EXTRACTION OF INFORMATION FROM ELECTRONIC DEVICES 37 Extraction of information from