of penalties issued. 11D.4 Enforcing authorities should run their enforcement operations efficiently, effectively and economically. Enforcing authorities must set fixed penalties, within the ranges specified in the Environmental Offences (Fixed Penalties) (England) Regulations 2017. They should select an appropriate level to reflect local circumstances, including local ability to pay. 11E.0 Training and professionalism 11E.1 If the service is to command public confidence and respect, it is essential to give enforcement staff at all levels the skills and training to do their jobs effectively, whether they are employed directly by the enforcing authority, or by a contractor. For parish council enforcement officers, it is a legal requirement that they attend a suitable training course.3 Training should be seen as a legitimate and important aspect of running costs. 11E.2 The office processes involved are important and staff carrying them out need similar levels of skill, training and professionalism as the more visible on-street 3 Environmental Offences (Fixed Penalties) (England) Regulations 2017, regulation 12 enforcement officers. Enforcement authorities should provide enough staff for the volume of work. They should also make sure that those staff (whether employed directly by the authority or by a contractor) have the skills, training, accountability, authority and resources to give the public a high-quality, professional, efficient, timely and user-friendly service. 11E.3 Authorities that outsource any area of environmental offences enforcement to private companies should ensure that the contractor and its employees meet the same standards as would be expected of the authority itself. 11E.4 Authorised persons carrying out enforcement activity on behalf of an enforcing authority (Òenforcement officersÓ) should be identifiable from their dress code or badge, and carry a Police and Criminal Evidence Act (PACE) Notebook, or an equivalent electronic device, for recording evidence to support a fixed penalty or prosecution. Enforcement officers should also carry identification and evidence of their formal authorisation to issue penalty notices e.g. a warrant card. 11F.0 Dual function civil enforcement officers 11F.1 Enforcement officers may be authorised to carry out other functions in addition to environmental enforcement (for example, parking enforcement duties), or vice versa.4 Enforcement authorities that choose to take this approach must ensure that neither function is compromised as a result of the integration of duties. Income from penalties issued under each regime should be kept separate. 11F.2 Staff or contractors authorised to issue fixed penalties in lieu of prosecution for littering or other offences will need separate written authorisation to issue civil penalties for littering from vehicles. 11G.0 Collecting evidence and standards of proof 11G.1 In the case of criminal offences such as littering, a successful prosecution will require evidence sufficient to prove the offenderÕs guilt beyond reasonable doubt. While a fixed penalty may be issued where the authorised officer has Òreason to believeÓ that the offence has been committed, it will still be necessary to submit evidence proving the offence beyond reasonable doubt in order to prosecute the offender if the fixed penalty 4 ÔDual Function Civil Enforcement OfficersÕ, Department for Transport (2016), available at https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/609788/statutory-guidance- local-authorities-enforcement-parking-contraventions.pdf