of public transport. 3. The person who is in lawful possession of the explosives must ensure that the vehicle, when parked and unattended, is locked and any immobiliser or alarm should be set. If possible the vehicle should be parked within the sight of the responsible person and not left unattended for any longer than is necessary for the immediate comfort or refreshment of that individual(s). 4. Where a vehicle is to be left unattended, the explosives must be removed. Failing this, the explosives must be held in a locked container secured to the vehicle so that the container, together with the vehicle, provides a secure place of keeping. 5. Only classified explosives may be carried and they should always remain in their original packaging. This packaging displays the appropriate hazard warning and security labels. The packages of explosives, or where required their contents may also be placed in one of the following accepted containers: a) a container, not the original, but displaying the appropriate carriage and security information; b) powder flasks or containers designed or adapted to throw a measured or measurable charge, having a fully closed plate or removable stopper; c) closed or stoppered tubes or phials designed to contain sufficient powder or propellant for one shot; d) gunpowder twists carried in a closed container; e) in the case of small arms ammunition and cartridges, in a robust bag designed for the purpose. a) 6. The package, with original hazard labels, or the above, suitably identified must be kept out of view and properly restrained to prevent any movement likely to result from any normal motion of the vehicles or impact in the event of collision. The object is to avoid having the explosives in a position that it is close to those parts of the vehicle likely to be subject of impact. 7. Explosives should be separated from and protected from any other hazardous materials or sources of vehicle fire. Only items classified as UN Hazard Code 1.4S (e.g., small arms cartridges) may be carried with other dangerous goods (e.g., fuel cans, gas bottles, paints, solvents etc.). Black powder is not classified as 1.4S, so separation of black powder, propellants and rocket motors from hazardous materials is required so as to prevent the accidental initiation of one by the other. 8. Containers and the areas in the vehicle in which the explosives are to be carried should be kept clean and free from contamination, particularly by grit. 9. For security of the explosives, they should be kept in the boot or any other lockable storage area within the vehicle. In the case of an estate car or similar, where the Explosives are being carried in the load carrying area, the responsible person should ensure that the lid or cover is in place. In the absence of such a lid or cover, the items should be covered or concealed in such a way as to prevent their identification. 10. In the interests of safety, the person possessing the