an important key is to not only raise awareness of implicit biases but to complement trainings with strategies to reduce and manage biases (Atewologun, Cornish, and Tresh 2018). Of concern, some research has suggested that there may be unintended con- sequences of implicit bias training, including increases in the expression of bias. For example, research has identified a “rebound effect,” which occurs when individuals attempt to suppress stereotypical thoughts. The act of suppression may cause the stereotypical thoughts to later reappear with even greater insist- ence had they not been suppressed (Macrae et al. 1994). Other research has suggested that trainings to increase awareness of stereotypes may also normalize stereotyping, thereby undermining the desired effect of the training (Duguid and Thomas-Hunt 2015). It is unknown how these potential negative consequences may impact implicit bias training for law enforcement. Collectively, this research presents a mixed picture regarding the impact of implicit bias training on changes in behavior. And despite the accumulating evi- dence from other disciplines, there remains a critical need to examine implicit bias training for police, as reviews have found no experimental evaluations of implicit bias training for police officers that have been completed (Mitchell and James 2018). In short, agencies across the country are training officers in implicit bias without evidence that this training is effective. For most police executives, however, the cost-benefit analysis for providing implicit bias training may hinge on whether they perceive that their agency will receive a boost in community trust and improve police-community relations, rather than any expected changes MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 157 in police officers’ attitudes and behaviors due to the training. For example, despite being unaware of its likely impact or effectiveness, within three months of the uCPD officer-involved shooting, all uCPD officers were trained in implicit bias, and a special session was conducted with community members in an attempt to both educate and rebuild trust (Jones 2015). The impact of this training was never formally assessed within the uCPD. However, recognizing the lack of evidence regarding the impact of implicit bias training, the lead author of this article secured funding and is overseeing a larger research team conducting a randomized control trial evaluation of implicit bias training with the New york City Police Department. Findings are scheduled for release in spring 2020. given the popularity of implicit bias training within police agencies across the united States, replication studies could and should be generated. Early intervention systems Another frequently mentioned opportunity for changing officer behavior is the implementation of early intervention systems (EIS), also referred to as early warning systems. EIS are data-driven administrative systems used to detect officer misconduct. The goal of EIS is to identify officers whose performance includes a pattern of undesirable behavior and to implement corrective interven- tions quickly. By monitoring indicators of problematic behavior (e.g., citizen complaints, use of force, high-speed pursuits), police administrators may be able to identify officers at risk of future misconduct and intervene before that miscon- duct occurs (Worden et al.