the response to that behaviour. (6) After the relevant bodies have decided whether or not the threshold for a review is met, they must inform the applicant of their decision. (7) The relevant bodies who carry out an ASB case review may make recommendations to a person who exercises public functions (including recommendations to a relevant body) in respect of any matters arising from the review; and the person must have regard to the recommendations in exercising public functions. (8) The relevant bodies who carry out an ASB case review must inform the applicant ofÑ (a) the outcome of the review, and (b) any recommendations made in accordance with subsection (7). (9) As soon as practicable after the end of a reporting period, the relevant bodies in a local government area must publish information about the following matters which relates to that periodÑ (1) 84 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 6 Ð Local involvement and accountability CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the number of applications for ASB case reviews made to those bodies; (b) the number of times those bodies decided that the threshold for a review was not met; (c) the number of ASB case reviews those bodies have carried out; (d) the number of ASB case reviews carried out by those bodies that have resulted in recommendations being made. (10) The question whether a complaint made about anti-social behaviour is a Òqualifying complaintÓ for the purposes of subsection (4) is to be determined in accordance with subsections (11) and (12). (11) A complaint about anti-social behaviour is a qualifying complaint ifÑ (a) the complaint is made within the period of one month (or, if a different period is specified in the review procedures, that period) beginning with the date on which the behaviour is alleged to have occurred; and (b) the application for the ASB case review is made within the period of six months (or, if a different period is specified in the review procedures, that period) beginning with the date on which the complaint is made. (12) But where a person makes two or more complaints about anti-social behaviour which meet the requirements in subsection (11), the question of which complaint is, or which complaints are, qualifying complaints is to be decided by the relevant bodies in accordance with the review procedures. The procedures may, in particular, include provision for this purpose which is framed by reference to whether different complaints relate to different aspects