does not apply in relation to that matter. (1) (8) The appropriate authority must comply with a direction under subsection (1) (b). (9) Where under subsection (4) the Commission directs that a matter should be treated as a conduct matter or a DSI matter, the matter is (subject to any regulations under subsection (10)) to be treated as a conduct matter or a DSI matter for the purposes of this Part (including subsections (1) and (2)) and any provision made under it. (10) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide for this Part or any provision made under it to apply with such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit to a matter in relation to which the Commission has made a direction under subsection (1) or (4).Ó (3) In section 12 (definitions of Òconduct matterÓ and ÒDSI matterÓ)Ñ (a) in subsection (2), after Òthis section,Ó insert Ò section 28A and any regulations made under it, Ó, and (b) in subsection (2A), after ÒmeansÓ insert Ò (subject to section 28A and any regulations made under it) Ó. (4) In section 29(1), in the definition of Òrecordable conduct matterÓ, after paragraph (a) (and the ÒorÓ which follows) insertÑ Ò(aa) a conduct matter that is required to be recorded by the appropriate authority under section 28A(8) or has been so recorded;Ó. 3 Extent, commencement and short title (1) Section 1 (except for subsection (3)) and this section extend to England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. (2) Sections 1(3) and 2 extend to England and Wales only. (3) This Act comes into force on the day on which it is passed. (4) This Act may be cited as the Police (Complaints and Conduct) Act 2012. (1) Biometrics and Surveillance Camera Commissioner Guidance Complying with surveillance camera code of practice: self assessment and third party certification Published 22 February 2016 Crown copyright 2016 is publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where herwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government- ence/version/3 or write to the Information Policy Team, The National Archives, Kew, London TW9 DU, or email: psi@nationalarchives.gov.uk. here we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from e copyright holders concerned. is publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/complying-with- rveillance-camera-code-of-practice-self-assessment-and-third-party-certification/complying-with- rveillance-camera-code-of-practice-self-assessment-and-third-party-certification 1. Why organisations should comply with the code The Surveillance Camera Commissioner is determined to drive up standards in the industry and provide reassurance to communities that public space CCTV is well managed. His goal is that all overt surveillance camera systems are used transparently and that the cameras protecting the public comply with relevant regulation, particularly the surveillance camera code of practice (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/surveillance-camera-code-of-practice). Maintaining public confidence and ensuring that the surveillance cameras are there to protect the public is incentive enough for complying with the code. 2. Tools to show how your organisation complies with the code The commissioner has developed a number of tools that make it easier for organisations to show how they comply with the