anti-social behaviour by enabling tenants to know who is responsible for action and who can support and assist them if they are faced with anti- social behaviour. • Consider the results of the allocations evidence collection exercise findings to ensure that housing is allocated in the fairest way possible and achieves the best outcomes for local places and communities. To be supported to take your first step to ownership We are continuing to increase the supply of good quality social homes, and working to give as many residents as possible the right to purchase their own home. Chapter 7 explains how we are: • Investing £11.5 billion to build up to 180,000 affordable homes Ð the highest single funding commitment to affordable housing in a decade. Around half of these new homes will be for affordable home ownership. • Implementing a new, fairer and more accessible model for Shared Ownership. • Implementing a new Right to Shared Ownership for tenants of housing associations and other private registered providers who live in new grant funded homes for rent. • Emphasising through our new National Design Guide the importance of building beautiful and well-designed social homes. • Introducing a new Affordable Homes Guarantee Scheme. • Encouraging local authorities to take advantage of our removal of the borrowing cap to build more council homes. The measures in this White Paper apply to social housing landlords and residents in England. Separate arrangements apply in the devolved administrations of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. 4 Some of the regulatorÕs Standards do not apply to shared owners as set out at: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/regulatory-standards The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 13 Chapter 1: To be safe in your home 14 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Ensuring good health through good quality, safe and decent homes has been at the cornerstone of developing social housing over the past century, led by the vision shown by the pioneering work of Octavia Hill, George Peabody and others. The tragedy at Grenfell Tower shook public trust in building safety and revealed significant failings. Our renewed drive in this White Paper puts residents back at the heart of building safety and goes further in delivering changes to ensure that every social housing resident is safe in their home. We have already: • Made up to £400 million available to social sector landlords to fund the removal and replacement of unsafe cladding of aluminium composite materials on residential social housing buildings over 18 metres, and announced a further £1 billion of grant funding to cover the costs of remediating unsafe non-aluminium composite materials on residential buildings over 18 metres. • Published a Building Safety Bill, which sets out an enhanced regulatory regime for all buildings, including a more stringent fire and structural safety regime for higher-risk buildings, with residents having a strong voice in the system. • Published a Fire Safety Consultation on Government proposals to implement the recommendations in the Grenfell Tower