force maintained by [F483that body]. (3) The arrangements may confer on independent custody visitors such powers as the [F484local policing body] considers necessary to enable them to carry out their functions under the arrangements and may, in particular, confer on them powersÑ (a) to require access to be given to each police station; (b) to examine records relating to the detention of persons there; [F485(ba) in relation to suspected terrorist detainees, to listen to the audio recordings and view the video recordings (with or without sound) of interviews with those detainees which have taken place during their detention there and which were conducted by a constable;] (c) to meet detainees there for the purposes of a discussion about their treatment and conditions while detained; and (d) to inspect the facilities there including in particular, cell accommodation, washing and toilet facilities and the facilities for the provision of food. [F486(3A) The arrangements may include provision for access to the whole or part of an audio or video recording of an interview of the kind mentioned in subsection (3)(ba) to be denied to independent custody visitors ifÑ (a) it appears to an officer of or above the rank of inspector that there are grounds for denying access at the time it is requested; (b) the grounds are grounds specified for the purposes of paragraph (a) in the arrangements; and (c) the procedural requirements imposed by the arrangements in relation to a denial of access to such recordings are complied with. (3B) Grounds are not to be specified in any arrangements for the purposes of subsection (3A)(a) unless they are grounds for the time being set out for the purposes of this subsection in the code of practice issued by the Secretary of State under subsection (6).] (4) The arrangements may include provision for access to a detainee to be denied to independent custody visitors ifÑ (a) it appears to an officer of or above the rank of inspector that there are grounds for denying access at the time it is requested; (b) the grounds are grounds specified for the purposes of paragraph (a) in the arrangements; and (c) the procedural requirements imposed by the arrangements in relation to a denial of access are complied with. (a) 110 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) Grounds shall not be specified in any arrangements for the purposes of subsection (4) (a) unless they are grounds for the time being set out for the purposes