reject the recommendation. Remuneration etc of staff 13 (1) A police and crime commissioner may pay remuneration, allowances and gratuities to the members of the commissioner's staff. (2) A police and crime commissioner may payÑ (a) pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the commissioner's staff, and (b) amounts for or towards provision of pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the commissioner's staff. (3) In this paragraph ÒallowancesÓ, in relation to a member of a commissioner's staff, means allowances in respect of expenses incurred by the member of staff in the course of employment as such a member of staff. 158 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Police and crime commissioners Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Incidental powers 14 (1) A police and crime commissioner may do anything which is calculated to facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the exercise of the functions of commissioner. (2) That includesÑ (a) entering into contracts and other agreements (whether legally binding or not); (b) acquiring and disposing of property (including land); (c) borrowing money. (3) This paragraph is subject to the other provisions of this Act and to any other enactment about the powers of police and crime commissioners. Protection from personal liability 15 (1) A person who is a police and crime commissioner has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the exercise of the commissioner's functions unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in good faith. (2) A person who is a member of staff of a police and crime commissioner has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the carrying out of duties as a member of staff unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in good faith. Financial year 16 (1) The first financial year of a police and crime commissioner is the period thatÑ (a) begins with the day on which the first election of the commissioner is held, and (b) ends with the following 31 March. (2) After that, a commissioner's financial year is the period of 12 months ending with 31 March. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Chief constables Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 159 SCHEDULE 2 Section 2 CHIEF CONSTABLES Introduction 1 This Schedule applies to the chief constables established under section 2. Status, name etc 2 A chief constable is a corporation sole. 3 The name of the chief constable for a police