. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Duty to provide certain information to appropriate authority F77819E ] [F781Interview of persons serving with the police etc during certain investigations 19F (1) This paragraph applies to an investigation of a complaint, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter which— is carried out by the appropriate authority under the [F782direction] of the [F632Director General], or is carried out by [F783a person designated under paragraph 19 (investigations by Director General)]. The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the procedure to be followed in connection with an interview which— is held with a serving officer during the course of the investigation by the person investigating the complaint or matter [F784other than, in the case of an investigation to which paragraph 19A applies, a serving officer who is the person concerned in relation to the investigation (within the meaning of paragraph 19A).] F785(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 210 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Regulations under sub-paragraph (2) may in particular make provision— requiring a serving officer to attend an interview, for determining how the time at which an interview is to be held is to be agreed or decided, about the information that must be provided to a serving officer being interviewed, for enabling a serving officer to be accompanied at the interview by a person of a prescribed description. “Serving officer” means a person who— is serving with the police, or is serving with an additional police body. A person is serving with an additional police body if the person is a member of, or is employed or otherwise engaged for the purposes of, that body (subject to sub- paragraph (6)). The Secretary of State may by regulations provide, in relation to an additional police body, that a person is serving with that body only if the person— is a member of, or is employed or otherwise engaged for the purposes of, that body, and is of a prescribed description. An “additional police body” means— a body of constables which is maintained by an authority other than a local policing body and is prescribed in regulations made by the Secretary of State under this sub-paragraph,