date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) The Director General and the Office must each give effect to the strategy in carrying out their functions. (5) The Director General and the Office must jointly publish a strategy (or revised strategy) prepared under this section (stating the time from which it takes effect). (6) In this section Òrelevant periodÓ, in relation to a strategy, means the period of time that is covered by the strategy. 10D Code of practice (1) The Director General and the Office must jointly prepare a code of practice dealing with the relationship between the Director General and the Office. (2) In doing so, they must (in particular) seek to reflect the principle that the Director General is to act independently when making decisions in connection with the carrying out of the Director General's functions. (3) The code must include provision as to the followingÑ (a) how the strategy required by section 10C is to be prepared, reviewed and revised; (b) the matters to be covered by the strategy and the periods to be covered by it from time to time; (c) how the carrying out of functions by the Director General is to be monitored and reviewed by other members of the Office; (d) the giving of advice to the Director General by other members of the Office in connection with the carrying out of functions by the Director General; (e) the keeping of written records of instances where the Director General has not followed advice given by other members of the Office and the reasons for not doing so; (f) how non-executive members of the Office are to give practical effect to the requirement imposed by subsection (2). (4) The Code may include whatever other provision the Director General and the Office think appropriate. (5) The Director General and the Office must jointly review the code regularly and revise it as appropriate. (6) The Director General and the Office must each comply with the code. (7) The Director General and the Office must jointly publish a code (or revised code) prepared under this section (stating the time from which it takes effect).] (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 19 Part 2 Ð Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 11 Reports to the Secretary of State (1) As