For subsections (8) to (10) substituteÑ Ò(8) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (4) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) in the case of a public procession in England and Wales, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale or both; (b) in the case of a public procession in Scotland, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months or a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale or both. (9) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (5) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) in the case of a public procession in England and Wales, to a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale; (b) in the case of a public procession in Scotland, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (10) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (6) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) in the case of a public procession in England and Wales, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine not exceeding level 4 on the standard scale or both; (b) in the case of a public procession in Scotland, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months or a fine not exceeding level 4 on the (a) 82 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (7) Section 14 (imposing conditions on public assemblies) is amended in accordance with subsections (8) to (11). (8) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for ÒA personÓ substitute ÒSubject to subsection (5A), a personÓ, and (b) omit ÒknowinglyÓ. (9) In subsection (5)Ñ (a) for ÒA personÓ substitute ÒSubject to subsection (5A), a personÓ, and (b) omit ÒknowinglyÓ. (10) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) A person is guilty of an offence under subsection (4) or (5) only ifÑ (a) in the case of a public assembly in England and Wales, at the time the person fails to comply with the condition the person knows or ought to know that the condition has been imposed; (b) in the case of a public assembly in Scotland, the person knowingly fails to comply with the condition.Ó (11) For subsections (8) to (10) substituteÑ Ò(8) A person guilty of an offence under subsection (4) is liable on summary convictionÑ (a) in the case of a public assembly in England and Wales, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 51 weeks or a fine not exceeding