person who has made that application, by complaint to the court to which that application has been made. (3) The court may, if it considers it just to do so, make an interim sexual harm prevention order, prohibiting the defendant from doing anything described in the order. (4) Such an orderÑ (a) has effect only for a fixed period, specified in the order; (b) ceases to have effect, if it has not already done so, on the determination of the main application. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 195 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) The applicant or the defendant may by complaint apply to the court that made the interim sexual harm prevention order for the order to be varied, renewed or discharged. 103G SHPOs and interim SHPOs: notification requirements (1) WhereÑ (a) a sexual harm prevention order is made in respect of a defendant who was a relevant offender immediately before the making of the order, and (b) the defendant would (apart from this subsection) cease to be subject to the notification requirements of this Part while the order (as renewed from time to time) has effect, the defendant remains subject to the notification requirements. (2) Where a sexual harm prevention order is made in respect of a defendant who was not a relevant offender immediately before the making of the orderÑ (a) the order causes the defendant to become subject to the notification requirements of this Part from the making of the order until the order (as renewed from time to time) ceases to have effect, and (b) this Part applies to the defendant, subject to the modification set out in subsection (3). (3) The Òrelevant dateÓ is the date of service of the order. (4) Subsections (1) to (3) apply to an interim sexual harm prevention order as if references to a sexual harm prevention order were references to an interim sexual harm prevention order, and with the omission of Ò(as renewed from time to time)Ó in both places. (5) WhereÑ (a) a sexual harm prevention order is in effect in relation to a relevant sex offender (within the meaning of section 88A), and (b) by virtue of section 88F or 88G the relevant sex offender ceases to be subject to the notification requirements of this Part, the sexual harm prevention order ceases to have effect. (6) On an application for a sexual harm prevention order made by a chief officer of police, the