new edition of DEFSTAN 05-138 is being made available ÔFOR INFORMATION ONLYÕ at this point in time, with the previous DEFSTAN 05-138 (Issue 3) [2021] remaining in effect until such time as this ISN is revoked. Action by Industry 3. Suppliers to UK MOD are advised to note the content of DEFSTAN 05-138 (Issue 4) [2024], which has been made ÔFOR INFORMATION ONLYÕ at this time, and will come into force when notified at a date to be confirmed later this year, until such time DEFSTAN05- 138 (Issue 3) [2021] remains in effect. Additional Information 4. If the content of this ISN conflicts with a contract-specific Security Aspects Letter (SAL), or for any further information/clarification, please refer to your MOD Delivery Team. Validity / Expiry Date 5. This ISN is valid with immediate effect and will expire when superseded or 1. withdrawn. MOD Point of Contact Details 6. The point of contact in respect of this ISN is: Cyber & Supply Chain Security team, Directorate of Cyber Defence & Risk (CyDR) Ministry of Defence email: UKStratComDD-CyDR-DCPP@mod.gov.uk (Multiuser). Collection AI cyber security A collection of policy documents and research papers support the government's work to address cyber security risks to artificial intelligence (AI). From: Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (/government/organisations/department-for-science-innovation-and-technology) Published 31 January 2025 Last updated 10 March 2025 Ñ Artificial intelligence (AI) is having a transformative impact on organisations and public services, but it is vital efforts are taken to protect AI systems from growing cyber security threats. The government is therefore taking steps to address the cyber security risks to AI. Following the National Cyber Security CentreÕs (NCSC) Guidelines for secure AI system development (https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/collection/guidelines-secure-ai- system-development), a Call for Views (https://www.gov.uk/government/calls-for-evidence/cyber- security-of-ai-a-call-for-views) and the publication of various research, the government is now publishing a world leading voluntary Code of Practice (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/ai-cyber-security- code-of-practice) which will be used as the basis for a new global standard. From securing AI systems against hacking and sabotage, to ensuring they are developed and deployed in a secure way, the Code and future standard will help developers and system operators to build secure, innovative AI products that drive growth and support the Plan for Change. This will help give confidence to organisations in adopting the technology which will enhance public services and productivity and increase growth across the economy. An overarching theme that arose from responses to the Call for Views was that organisations would benefit from additional guidance that explained how to implement the Code of Practice. The Government has therefore published an implementation guide to support organisations. DSIT, in close collaboration with NCSC, will be working within the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) to develop a global standard and accompanying guide. We will also be engaging with organisations across different sectors of the economy to support their adoption of the security requirements and to encourage participation in the standards development process. This work forms part of DSITÕs wider technology security programme and its secure by design approach across all digital technologies. Further