policy, Authorised Professional Practice and NPCC guidelines. Further from this the procedure will be reviewed following a case being investigated in Wiltshire, to highlight any areas for improvement and to ensure these are covered for further investigations. PPD Managers will regularly monitor compliance with this procedure. The Public Protection Department holds overall responsibility for the review and monitoring of this procedure and will conduct all necessary reviews. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The ACC Head of Vulnerability and the Head of the PPD and Safeguarding are responsible for this policy. All queries relating to this policy should be directed to them. COMMONLY USED ABBREVIATIONS CPS Crown Prosecution Service FGM Female Genital Mutilation FGM/C Female Genital Mutilation / Cutting FM Forced Marriage FMPO Forced Marriage Protection Order HBA Honour Based Abuse HBV Honour Based Violence NGO Non-Government Organisation NPIA National Police Improvement Agency PNC Police National Computer PND Police National Database UNICEF United Nations ChildrenÕs Fund WHO World Health Organisation APPENDIX A HONOUR BASED ABUSE (also known as Honour Based Violence). There is currently no statutory definition of Honour Based Abuse or Violence. It is important that Wiltshire Police refers to Honour Based Abuse (HBA) in the future as this recognises that HBA will not always involve violence. HBA has the potential to be both a Domestic Abuse and a Child Abuse concern, as well as a crime and a non-crime. In terms of the DASH risk assessment (within PPN/1), HBA is a major risk factor for victims and must be regarded as a significant predictor of the likelihood of future harm or homicide. Consideration should therefore be given to grading all incidents with a HBV factor as high risk. Ordinarily, WiltshireÕs Safeguarding Team will investigate HBA crimes or incidents. But, this will need to be agreed through the normal PPD referral process on a case by case basis. There remains much debate amongst practitioners and academics about honour based violence. The use of the term ÔhonourÕ in relation to violence perpetrated against women, men and children is an oxymoron and has been challenged by many, which is understandable. There is not, and indeed cannot be any honour or justification for the abuse of human rights of and crimes committed against women, men and children. There is only shame and dishonour in the perpetration of such crimes and abuses of human rights. Throughout this strategy the term honour based violence has been adopted to frame the various forms of violence that take place as a result of notions of honour and in line with the terminology used by academics and others in relation to such violence. ÔHonour based violenceÕ is not a form of violence but the motivation, the reason given or assumed for violence. Societies have used cultural and/or religious justifications for male violence against women and girls and other people, based on traditional notions of patriarchy, women as property and acceptable behaviour, whereby an individual, family and communityÕs honour is weighted on women and girls. Such notions are