effectÑ (a) if the designated person ceases to be an employee of the contractor; or (b) if the contract between the [F423local policing body] and the contractor is terminated or expires. 40 Community safety accreditation schemes (1) The chief officer of police of any police force may, if he considers that it is appropriate to do so for the purposes specified in subsection (3), establish and maintain a scheme (Òa community safety accreditation schemeÓ). (2) A community safety accreditation scheme is a scheme for the exercise in the chief officerÕs police area by persons accredited by him under section 41 of the powers conferred by their accreditations under that section. (3) Those purposes areÑ (a) contributing to community safety and security; and (a) 96 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in co-operation with the police force for the area, combatting crime and disorder, public nuisance and other forms of anti-social behaviour. (4) Before establishing a community safety accreditation scheme for his police area, a chief officer of any police force (other than the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis) must consult withÑ (a) the [F424local policing body] maintaining that force, and (b) every local authority any part of whose area lies within the police area. (5) Before establishing a community safety accreditation scheme for the metropolitan police district, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must consult withÑ [F425(a) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime;] (b) the Mayor of London; and (c) every local authority any part of whose area lies within the metropolitan police district. (6) In subsections (4)(b) and (5)(c) Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; and (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council. (7) Every [F426police and crime plan under section 5 or 6 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011] which is issued after the commencement of this section, F427... must set outÑ (a) whether a community safety accreditation scheme is maintained for the police area in question; (b) if not, whether there is any proposal to establish such a scheme for that area during the period to which the plan relates; (c) particulars of any such proposal or of any proposal to modify during that period any community safety accreditation scheme that is already maintained for that area; (d)