purpose of assisting constables to exercise the powers conferred by section 342E in respect of the offender. (3) Regulations under this section may be made only after the Secretary of State has laid a report before Parliament under section 166(3) of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (report to be laid after piloting of serious violence reduction orders). (4) Regulations under this section are subject to the affirmative resolution procedure. (1) 184 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 1A Ð Serious violence reduction orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 342D Duration of serious violence reduction orders (1) A serious violence reduction order takes effect on the day it is made, subject to subsections (3) and (4). (2) A serious violence reduction order must specify the period for which it has effect, which must be a fixed period of not less than 6 months and not more than 2 years. (3) Subsection (4) applies in relation to a serious violence reduction order ifÑ (a) the offender has been remanded in or committed to custody by an order of a court, or (b) a custodial sentence has been imposed on the offender or the offender is serving or otherwise subject to a such a sentence. (4) The order may provide that it does not take effect until the offender is released from custody or ceases to be subject to a custodial sentence. (5) Where a court makes a serious violence reduction order and the offender is already subject to such an order, the earlier order ceases to have effect. 342E Serious violence reduction orders: powers of constables (1) This section applies where a serious violence reduction order is in effect. (2) A constable may search the offender for the purpose of ascertaining whether the offender has a bladed article or an offensive weapon with them. (3) A constable may detain the offender for the purpose of carrying out the search. (4) A constable may seize anything that the constable finds in the course of the search if the constable reasonably suspects it to be a bladed article or an offensive weapon. (5) The powers in this section may be exercised only while the offender is in a public place. (6) A constable may use reasonable force, if necessary, for the purpose of exercising a power conferred by this section. (7) The powers conferred on a constable by this section are additional to powers which the constable has at common law or by virtue of any other enactment