(protected disclosures) and any concerns relating to this should be raised under the police force reporting An existing appeal/review process is already in place or begun i.e. job evaluation process, disciplinary/conduct matters, redundancy, flexible working or study allowance Expiry of a fixed term contract of employment Concerns related to organisational benefits and pensions, statutory deductions from pay, for example income tax and national insurance Personal matters not relating to employment Complaints such as disappointment when an individual has not been successful in a promotion/interview process. Timeframes ? Where the formal procedure has been initiated it should always be the aim to resolve grievance proceedings in the most realistic timeframe and with the agreement of all parties. This will be determined by the complexity of the case, number of colleagues involved, and the agreements that are made. It should be clear the proceedings are not open ended, and the process should be delivered in a timely manner for all parties through to resolution. Where there maybe concerns that the agreed timescales cannot be met, amended timeframes can be agreed in conjunction with HR, and with the agreement from all parties. For example, sickness or absence of an involved individual cannot mean that the matter will be delayed indefinitely, and in some cases will be reviewed in conjunction with the HR team. All extensions to the agreed timescales must be documented and a rationale provided. What does resolution look like? ? Formal resolution can be delivered in many forms and will usually be individual to the grievance that has been raised. Some examples include: Clarification of a misunderstanding Exchange and acceptance of differing perspectives/feelings Agreement to provide feedback to someone on their behaviour Acceptance of an explanation or an apology Agreement to implement a development plan or actions Agreement to modify poor practice or behaviour Agreement to engage in mediation sessions to improve relations There are several other examples to support resolution, and some will not be appropriate for every case. However, it does provide insight to some of the types of the resolution processes. Process requirements: All parties that are involved to treat each other with dignity and respect when working towards a resolution. Those managing the grievance process should apply honesty, integrity, and transparency within a realistic and agreed timescale Raising a grievance To initiate the process, the individual should complete the online Grievance Form within Unit 4 HR system which will go directly to HR for review before being allocated. Line Management should encourage the reporting of all grievances via the Grievance Form, however, in rare circumstances a Grievance Form may be completed by an HR Representative upon receiving a verbal report of a grievance. The Grievance Form provides the basis and information for the grievance, so it is important that the individual completes the Issue Details tab thoroughly. The form should outline clear details of the nature of the grievance and any potential resolution the individual hopes to achieve so that the assigned manager can review. If it