which is made in order to comply with an obligation of the United Kingdom, or Her Majesty's Government, under an international or other agreement. (8) This subsection applies to a disclosureÑ (a) to a person specified in regulations made jointly by the Treasury and the Secretary of State, or (b) of a kind specified in such regulations. 17 Prohibition on further disclosure (1) A person to whom information is disclosed in reliance on section 16 or this section may not disclose that information without the consent of a relevant official (which may be general or specific). (2) A person does not breach subsection (1) by making a disclosureÑ (a) to which any of subsections (3) to (8) of section 16 applies, and (b) which, in the case of a disclosure of customs revenue information, does not contravene any restriction imposed by the Commissioners for Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs. (3) Subsection (2)(b) does not apply if the person making the disclosure knows that the information was acquired otherwise than as the result of the exercise of a customs revenue function. (4) This section is also subject to any other enactment permitting disclosure. (5) In subsection (4) the reference to an enactment does not include an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made underÑ (a) an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (b) a Measure or Act of the National Assembly for Wales, or (c) Northern Ireland legislation. 18 Offence of wrongful disclosure (1) A person commits an offence if the person breaches section 15(1) or (2) or 17(1). (2) It is a defence for a person charged with an offence under this section to prove that the person reasonably believedÑ (1) (a) that the disclosure was lawful, or (b) that the information had already and lawfully been made available to the public. (3) A prosecution for an offence under this sectionÑ (a) may be brought in England and Wales only with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions F19...; (b) may be brought in Northern Ireland only with the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland. (4) This section is without prejudice to the pursuit of any remedy or the taking of any action in relation to a breach of section 15(1) or (2) or 17(1) (whether or not this section applies to the breach). (5) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years, or to a fine, or to both; (b) on summary convictionÑ (i) in England and Wales, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding [F20the general limit in a magistratesÕ court], or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum, or to both; (ii) in Scotland, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months, or to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum, or to both; (iii) in Northern Ireland, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months, or to a fine not exceeding