under this Part for a person to be extradited in pursuance of a Part 1 warrant, and (b) the person has made an asylum claim (whether before or after the issue of the warrant), the person Ó. (2) In section 121 of that Act (asylum claim: extradition to category 2 territory)Ñ (a) subsections (1) and (2) are repealed; (b) in subsection (3), for ÒThe personÓ there is substituted ÒIfÑ (a) an order is made under this Part for a person to be extradited in pursuance of a request, and (b) the person has made an asylum claim (whether before or after the making of the request), the person Ó. (3) In section 93 of that Act (Secretary of State's consideration of case)Ñ (a) in subsection (4)(c), after Òhe orders the person's dischargeÓ there is inserted Ò under subsection (6A) or Ó; (b) after subsection (6) there is insertedÑ Ò(6A) The Secretary of State may order the person's discharge if the personÑ (a) has been recorded by the Secretary of State as a refugee within the meaning of the Refugee Convention, or (b) has been granted leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom on the ground that it would be a breach of Article 2 or 3 of the Human Rights Convention to remove the person to the territory to which extradition is requested.Ó 163 Consent to extradition not to be taken as waiver of speciality rights In the Extradition Act 2003 the following provisions are repealedÑ (a) section 45(3); (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 145 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) section 128(5). 164 Definition of Òextradition offenceÓ (1) For sections 64 and 65 of the Extradition Act 2003 there is substitutedÑ Ò64 Extradition offences: person not sentenced for offence (1) This section sets out whether a person's conduct constitutes an Òextradition offenceÓ for the purposes of this Part in a case where the personÑ (a) is accused in a category 1 territory of an offence constituted by the conduct, or (b) has been convicted in that territory of an offence constituted by the conduct but not sentenced for it. (2) The conduct constitutes an extradition offence in relation to the category 1 territory if the conditions in subsection (3), (4) or (5) are satisfied. (3) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs in the category 1 territory; (b) the conduct would constitute an offence under the law of the