Collections and collections on public display 6.39 Conditions on movement and display of section 7(1) firearms 6.50 Conditions for sites designed under section 7(3) (historic handguns) 6.54 Part 7: Firearms and ammunition in transit Carriage by road Ð section 1 and 2 firearms and ammunition 7.1 Section 5 firearms and/or ammunition Ð commercial carriage by road 7.20 Section 5 items for professional purposes 7.44 For display purposes 7.49 Carriage of Dangerous Goods & Use of Transportable Pressure Equipment Regulations 7.53 Annex A: General construction and standards General aspects 1. Cabinets 7.1 Safes 13. Display cabinets 18. Clamps 21. Cable locks 22. Gun enclosure 23. Gun room 29. Armoury building 42. Annex B: Guidance on good practice: Carriage (by private individuals) of black powder & small arms ammunition for use in small arms and model rocket motors Annex C: Illustration of construction points in a gun cabinet Annex D: List of standards referred to in this Handbook PART 1: INTRODUCTION & PRINCIPLES RELATING TO THE SECURE STORAGE OF FIREARMS 1.1 It is a condition of the issue of a firearm certificate that the firearms and shotguns to which the certificate relates must be stored securely at all times (except in certain circumstances) so as to prevent, so far as is reasonably practicable, access to the guns by unauthorised persons. This requirement is also to be found, in similar terms, in conditions attached to the registration of a firearms dealer and Home Office Approved Rifle and Muzzle-Loading Pistol Clubs. Anyone holding a Museum Licence is required to have secure, safe custody arrangements for firearms etc. in their possession. Security conditions are expressed in the Authority for Section 5 articles, where both the premises and transportation of those items are subject to security satisfactory to both the Secretary of State and the Chief Officer of Police. A general duty of care for security applies to auctioneers, carriers and warehousemen when they have possession or control over firearms during the normal course of their business. 1.2 The term Òunauthorised personsÓ means any person who does not have a certificate allowing them to possess the guns of the holder. 1.3 Shotgun (section 2) ammunition is not covered by this condition, but it is advisable that ammunition is stored safely. 1.4 This document addresses what may be considered to fulfil these criteria in the more usual circumstances. It is not a statement of the law but aims to provide general guidelines for the security of firearms. It is the responsibility of certificate holders in each case to ensure that they comply with the conditions of the possession of those firearms. This document provides a guide to the advice that might be given to those persons on the principles and mechanics of security. This advice must always be tempered with common sense and a view to the distinctive conditions that surround the application. 1.5 This guidance should be applied with full regard to the individual circumstances and the type and location of the premises subject to any