Impact Assessment can be found in the ICOÕs ÔConducting privacy impact assessments code of practiceÕ. Legal Basis for Information Sharing. There are three main categories of information sharing within the Police Service: - Required by or under statute (statutory obligation) - Permitted by or under statute (statutory power) - Common Law Statutory Obligation: Where a statutory obligation exists Wiltshire Police has made provision for the sharing of information through either the Disclosure and Barring Scheme (DBS) Manager or the Force Disclosure Unit Senior Decision Maker. Any request to share information via a statutory obligation must be referred to one of the above individuals, who will give the appropriate advice. Statutory Power: Applies to the sharing of police information with another party where there is a specific legal power to do so, but not an obligation to share. This includes sharing: Within the police service; and; Partner agencies that have a statutory power to share or receive information. Common Law: Applies to the sharing of police information under common law to support the policing purposes. Where the common law is used to justify information sharing, a risk assessment must be undertaken using the guide at Appendix A to this policy. Roles and Responsibilities. Where a need to share information on a regular basis has been identified the Head of the Department undertaking the information sharing will own the process and be responsible for the creation of an ISA. All ISA's are to be created in consultation with the Data Protection Officer (DPO) and a copy of each approved ISA is to be held by the DPO, who will provide a central repository of such agreements and a programme of review. All finalised ISAÕs will be Ôsigned offÕ by the Head of Information and Assurance. Where an ISA does not exist and it is considered unnecessary to create one or the decision to share is a one-off, the individual sharing the information is to record the sharing by completing the template at Appendix A to this policy. See Information Sharing Process for further information. Glossary of Terms. Term Meaning Law Enforcement Purposes prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, or execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and prevention of threats to public security. MoPI Management of Police Information OPCC Office of Police and Crime Commissioner ISA Information Sharing Agreement APP Authorised Professional Practice UKGDPR UK General Data Protection Regulations DPA 2018 Data Protection Act 2018 POLICY AIM. This policy seeks to achieve through the appropriate sharing of information: Improved public services through an increased capability of all stakeholders to make informed decisions about how best to protect the public; Improved operational policing by enabling links to be made between people, objects, locations and events; Increased professionalism and understanding of the process of sharing information; Increased openness and transparency amongst partners which in turn will build confidence and trust; The lawful sharing of information APPLICABILITY. This policy applies to all police officers, police staff and OPCC staff. LEGAL BASIS AND