to (4) are without prejudice to any right of a member of staff to terminate the contract of employment if a substantial change is made to the person's detriment in the person's working conditions; but no such right arises by reason only of the change in employer effected by this paragraph. (6) Where a personÑ (a) has, prior to the relevant commencement time, entered into a contract of employment with an existing police authority which is to come into effect at or after that time; and (b) would, if the contract had come into effect before that date, have been a person to whom this paragraph applies, that person is to be treated as a person to whom this paragraph applies. (7) A person who would (but for this sub-paragraph) be treated as being dismissed by the operation of this paragraph (whether by an enactment or otherwise) is to be treated as not being so dismissed. (8) Sub-paragraph (7) does not apply to a person who, by virtue of sub-paragraph (5), does not become an employee of a new policing body. (9) This paragraph is subject to paragraph 7. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 239 Police civilians 7 (1) The new policing body for a police areaÑ (a) is to have, for the purpose mentioned in sub-paragraph (2), relevant powers to arrange for the new chief officer of the police force for that area to discharge functions of that body; and (b) must exercise those powers for the purpose mentioned in sub-paragraph (2). (2) That purpose is securing that the police civilian members of staff of that new policing body are under the direction and control of that chief officer. (3) Any arrangements made in compliance with section 15(2) of the Police Act 1996 between the existing police authority for a police area and the existing chief officer of the police force for that area which are in force immediately before the relevant commencement time are to have effect at and after that time as if made under this paragraph between the new policing body for that area and the new chief officer of that police force. (4) Sub-paragraph (5) applies to a person whoÑ (a) immediately before the relevant commencement time, is a police civilian member of the staff of an existing police authority, and (b) at that time becomes a member of the staff of the new policing body for a police area by virtue of paragraph 6. (5) For as long as the person continues to be a member of the staff of that body, the person is to beÑ (a) employed as a police civilian member of that staff, and (b) under the direction and