if it were contained in an Act of that Parliament. (7) The Secretary of State must consult the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland before making regulations under subsection (4) if and so far as the regulations make provision that, if it were contained in an Act of the Northern Ireland AssemblyÑ (a) would be within the legislative competence of that Assembly, and (b) would not require the consent of the Secretary of State. (8) Subject to subsection (9), a statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (4)(a) (whether alone or with other provision) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament. (9) Subsection (8) does not apply to a statutory instrument containing regulations whichÑ (a) remove a reference to a person from Part 1 of Schedule 3 and add a reference to that person to Part 2 or 3 of that Schedule, or (b) remove a reference to a person from Part 2 of that Schedule and add a reference to that person to Part 3 of that Schedule. (10) A statutory instrument containingÑ (a) regulations under subsection (4)(a) to which subsection (9) applies, or (b) regulations under subsection (4)(b) or (c), and which is not a statutory instrument to which subsection (8) applies is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. CHAPTER 4 OTHER PROVISIONS Pre-charge bail 45 Pre-charge bail (1) Schedule 4 contains amendments relating to pre-charge bail. (2) In that ScheduleÑ (a) Part 1 makes provision relating to the grant of pre-charge bail, (b) Part 2 makes provision about the factors to be taken into account in determining whether to grant pre-charge bail, (c) Part 3 makes provision requiring the views of alleged victims to be sought in relation to the grant or variation of pre-charge bail subject to conditions, (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 49 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (d) Part 4 makes provision relating to limits on periods of pre-charge bail, (e) Part 5 makes provision about the determination of a period of police detention following a personÕs arrest for breach of pre-charge bail, and (f) Part 6 makes provision for guidance about pre-charge bail. (3) An amendment made by Schedule 4Ñ (a) applies in relation to a person arrested for an offence only if the person was arrested for the offence after the coming into force of that amendment,