on Centurion, the database maintained by People Services and PSD. No sanction will be issued until a hearing is completed. It should be noted that interviews carried out under the Police Staff Disciplinary Procedures are not conducted under caution. Where staff are invited for meetings or interviews particularly as part of a large scale complex investigation, these meetings or interviews may be tape recorded with mutual and prior agreement of both parties. Individuals are permitted to be accompanied by a Unison representative or colleague at these interviews which are carried out by the IO. This is inclusive of PSD interviews. 8 FORMAL DISCIPLINE MEETINGS/HEARINGS 8.1 Organisation of a Formal Meeting/Hearing 8.1.1 Purpose Following an investigation the purpose of the meeting/hearing is to formally determine whether or not the employee is in breach of the Police Staff Code of Conduct, the Code of Ethics, or Standards of Professional Behaviour by considering all available information, including admissions, fairly and impartially to decide what, if any, disciplinary action should be taken. If the conduct has been assessed as Misconduct, this will result in a Misconduct MEETING which will be chaired by an appropriate Manager at grade W10/Inspector rank or above, and will be supported by an HR Advisor. If the conduct has been assessed as Gross Misconduct, this will result in a Misconduct HEARING which will be chaired by an appropriate Manager at grade W13/Superintendent or above, and will be supported by a Senior HR Manager, grade W10 or above. 8.1.2 Timescales The timescales outlined in this section are designed to reflect the ACAS Code of Practice that states that a conduct meeting should be held without unreasonable delay whilst allowing an employee reasonable time to prepare their case. However, it is recognised that some cases may be more complex, involving many witnesses or large amounts of written material for example. In these circumstances, following discussions from either side, HR will seek mutual agreement to vary these timescales, whilst always seeking to complete the process in a timely manner. 8.1.3 Setting Up the Discipline Meeting/Hearing This is normally undertaken by HR in liaison with the Chair and the PSD Investigating Officer. An employee will be given a minimum of 10 working days notice, in writing, of the date, time and location of the Discipline Meeting/Hearing, unless an earlier date is mutually agreed. This written notification will also include: • Name of Chair conducting the meeting and notification of any other attendees including that of the HR representative • Details of the allegation(s) made • Whether or not the allegations have been assessed as Misconduct or Gross Misconduct • Their right to be accompanied by a Unison representative or a colleague • Their right to call witnesses and submit written statements or representations • Copies of any written material that will be referred to at the meeting (at minimum this will always include the investigation report) 8.1.4 Prior to the Discipline Meeting/Hearing Not later than 5 working days before the date of the hearing,