see ‘Chapter 7 – Multi- Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. Risk assessment Professionals who are trained to do so can use tools such as the Domestic Abuse, Stalking and Harassment (DASH) risk assessment to help identify the level of risk an individual is facing and to tailor their support accordingly.144 The DASH risk tool is not a definitive assessment of risk but provides for the identification and assessment of risk based on structured professional judgment. Professionals using this, or other risk assessment tools, should be alert to the risk to children as well as adults. It is essential to identify changes, such as escalation in severity and/or frequency of abuse. Risk assessments should holistically encompass specialist professional judgement, survivor perceptions of risk, along with additional indicators relevant to minority groups.145 144 Police forces are in the process of adopting the Domestic Abuse Risk Assessor (DARA). 145 For example, ROAR LGBT risk assessment tool; Stay Safe East Disabled victims risk assessment; and SafeLives Young People’s DASH risk checklist with guidance. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Responding to children and young people In responding to cases of abuse involving those under 18, child safeguarding procedures should be followed as set out in the statutory guidance document, Working Together to Safeguard Children (2018). Children and young people can experience different forms of abuse, see ‘Chapter 2 – Understanding Domestic Abuse’. Professionals should be mindful that young people may be reluctant to discuss relationships or their concerns around abuse with adults. Additionally, young people may be particularly ill-equipped to deal with certain practical challenges, such as moving home to escape the abuse or managing their own finances. Young people experiencing or perpetrating abuse in their own relationships need to be supported in a way that is tailored to their needs, although they may often have to rely on specialist services designed for adult victims146 that are not always appropriate. It is vital that young people who experience domestic abuse within their own relationships are referred through a multi-agency risk assessment. Children and young people should be offered support based on their individual needs, with a range of interventions, so that each child is able to access the specialised help they require. This could include access to psychoeducational support, therapeutic services (for example, counselling) or specialist children’s victim support workers or an Independent Domestic Violence Adviser (IDVA) who is able to work with children and young people. A strengths-based approach to recovery, building on ‘the resilient blocks in the child’s life’, has been shown to be effective in interventions for children.147 Professionals should be equipped to identify and respond to children and young people experiencing domestic abuse, drawing on the range of support available, from early intervention to crisis stage. Best practice responses involve an integrated response which combines child safeguarding and high-risk domestic abuse expertise, particularly in relation to risk assessment and safety planning. Further details on responding to young people experiencing abuse can be found in the SafeLives Practice Briefing, Respect Guidance