- e.g.: storage of contingency stock at additional location; third part arrangements; assessing the BC capability of your suppliers; dual sourcing and; contractual and service level agreements; and o stakeholders - e.g. protect the interests of key suppliers and good relationship management. 6.66. Senior managers should sign off documented strategies. Stage 4: Developing and implementing a BCM response 6.67. Business continuity planning is at the heart of the BCM process. The business continuity plans provide the framework in which the Category 1 responder mobilises its response to a BCM challenge in the event of an emergency. Plans normally consist of an Incident Management Plan, a Business Continuity Plan and a Business Recovery Plan. 6.68. In developing all plans, consideration should be given to: o keeping it short, simple and user-friendly - it will need to be read and understood in challenging and pressured circumstances; o ensuring the assumptions contained are realistic Ð e.g. numbers of staff directly affected by the incident, the effect of the Ôbacklog trapÕ (i.e. the impact of the accumulation of tasks left uncompleted on recovery); o references to other sources of information and supporting documentation Ð e.g. guidance, databases, lists of key contacts, resources and suppliers; o action plans and checklists Ð what should be provided o ownership of key tasks - these should be reflected in job descriptions; o pro-formas - giving templates and model documentation; o version control - the need to implement document management procedures, including a list of all plan holders, which has to be maintained, together with a distribution and change control process; and o communications - effective communication with stakeholders and, where appropriate, the media is crucial to an effective response 6.69. The structure, content and detail of the BCPs will depend on the nature of the Category 1 responder, the risk and the environment in which it operates. In particularly large or complex organisations, it may be necessary to have departmental plans which integrate into one high-level plan. Further advice on plan presentation can be found in Chapter 5. 6.70. The method by which an incident management, business continuity or business recovery plan is invoked should be clearly documented. As part of this, the individual(s) that have the authority to invoke them should be recorded along with: how to mobilise the team(s); rendezvous points; and command centre locations. 6.71. Each incident management plan, business continuity plan and business recovery plan should set out prioritised objectives in terms of: the critical activities to be recovered; the timescales in which they are to be recovered; and the recovery levels for each critical activity. 6.1. 6.72. The purpose of a business continuity plan is to enable an organisation to recover or maintain its activities in the event of disruption. Invocation supports the critical activities of an organisation; plans may be invoked in whole or part and at any stage. 6.73. An Incident Management Plan is a clearly defined and documented plan-of- action for use at the time of an incident. It should