COMMISSIONER Overtime Policy (Working Time Tracking) For Wiltshire Police & OPCC Staff Date of Publication: May 2021 Version: 2.0 Next Review Date: May 2024 CONTENTS Summary 3 Scope 3 Principles 3 Overtime ÔTriggersÕ 3 Limit ÔTriggersÕ 4 Responsibilities 4 Individuals 4 Line Managers 5 Senior Leadership Teams (SLT) 5 Payroll/Finance 5 Working Time Tracking 6 Overtime Usage Review 6 Overtime Data 6 Management of Overtime 6 Compliance 7 Glossary of Terms 7 Related Policies, Procedures and Other Documents 7 Law Relating to this Document 8 Data Protection 8 Freedom of Information Act 2000 8 Monitoring and Review 8 Who to Contact About This Procedure 8 DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION 9 Overtime and Working Time Tracking Policy and Procedure Summary Wiltshire Police (WP) will ensure that where working overtime is deemed to be essential, that necessary cover is provided in the most cost effective manner. Overtime may be given in cases such as to maintain a specific level of service or complete a specific task, whilst also meeting standards. However, the use of overtime should always be minimised with other options first considered, factors such as business need, health and safety, cost and wellbeing should also be taken into account by managers. This policy is compliant with the Working Time Regulations 1998 and it ensures that expenditure on overtime is properly authorised, controlled and reviewed. Scope This policy and procedure applies to all Police Officers and Police and OPCC Staff. Principles General • Police officers can be directed to work overtime. • Police staff cannot be directed to work overtime, they can only volunteer. • Authorisation is required before officers or staff work any overtime. Only in exceptional circumstances will overtime which has not been authorised in advance be justified and approved for payment. • When spontaneous overtime is needed time given must be limited to the amount necessary to complete the required task. • Planned and duty planning overtime will always have an agreed time allocation, after which further authority must be sought. NB This may require SLT approval. • Police officers will be compensated for overtime in accordance with Police Regulations and police staff in accordance with their Terms and Conditions. • Only in exceptional circumstances will unauthorised overtime, which occurs when officers or staff work longer than their rostered hours without prior line manager authorisation, be approved. • When police staff work additional hours in a lower grade post, this overtime will be paid at the highest spinal column point of the lower grade. This spinal column point must be at least 1 below the staff members pay point in their substantive role. • For police staff working additional hours in a higher grade post, this will be paid at the lowest spinal column point of this higher grade. Overtime ÔTriggersÕ Overtime ÔTriggersÕ There are different triggers which will require officers and staff to work overtime and therefore the provisions of this policy will apply. Planning and authority given for overtime will depend on the circumstance. • Spontaneous events can