violence in an area are to preventing people from becoming involved in serious violence in the area, and (b) references to reducing serious violence in an area are to reducing instances of serious violence in the area. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 19 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The reference in subsection (1)(a) to becoming involved in serious violence includes becoming a victim of serious violence. (3) In this Chapter ÒviolenceÓÑ (a) includes, in particularÑ (i) domestic abuse within the meaning of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (see section 1 of that Act), (ii) sexual offences, (iii) violence against property, and (iv) threats of violence; (b) does not include terrorism (within the meaning of the Terrorism Act 2000 (see section 1(1) to (4) of that Act)). (4) In subsection (3)(a)(ii), Òsexual offenceÓ means an offence under the law of England and Wales which is for the time being specified in Schedule 3 to the Sexual Offences Act 2003, other than the offence specified in paragraph 14 of that Schedule (fraudulent evasion of excise duty). (5) In determining for the purposes of subsection (4) whether an offence is specified in Schedule 3 to the Sexual Offences Act 2003, any limitation in that Schedule referring to the circumstances of a particular case (including the sentence imposed) is to be disregarded. (6) In considering whether violence in an area amounts to serious violence for the purposes of this Chapter, account must be taken in particular of the following factorsÑ (a) the maximum penalty which could be imposed for the offence (if any) involved in the violence, (b) the impact of the violence on any victim, (c) the prevalence of the violence in the area, and (d) the impact of the violence on the community in the area. Exercise of functions 14 Involvement of local policing bodies (1) A local policing body for a police area may assist a specified authority in the exercise ofÑ (a) the authorityÕs functions under or in accordance with section 8 in relation to a local government area which coincides with or falls within the police area, or (b) the authorityÕs functions under or in accordance with section 9 in relation to a relevant area which, or any part of which, coincides with or falls within the police area. (2) A local policing body for a police area mayÑ (1) 20 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð