be granted until three terms before the pupil turns 16. At that point, if the child wishes to take part in sex education lessons, the head teacher should ensure they receive it in one of those terms. Box 6.1: Case Study – Operation Encompass Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Higher education Higher Education (HE) providers have clear responsibilities, including under the Equality Act 2010, and should have robust policies and procedures in place to comply with the law, and to investigate and swiftly address reports of violence. The Government continues to work closely with Universities UK (UUK) on implementing its Changing the Culture framework, which seeks to tackle violence against women, harassment and hate crime. Underreporting of abuse and domestic violence is common and it is important that providers break down barriers to reporting and that students feel safe and able to report incidents of all abuse, harassment, and violence. All HE providers should discharge their responsibilities fully and have robust policies and procedures in place to address harassment, making sure that HE is a genuinely fulfilling and welcoming experience for everyone. Government would expect providers to ensure that students continue to have access to support services, and complaints processes, to ensure they are able to report any issues. The HARM network (University of Lancaster) has developed and published its own policy guidance for UK Universities, encouraging universities to have in place specific policies and procedures to address domestic abuse to protect students and staff. Any student who feels that their complaint has not been dealt with appropriately or satisfactorily can escalate their complaint to the Office of the Independent Adjudicator (OIA). Social Care Social care is not a reserved matter and is within the legislative competence of the Senedd, therefore information in this section only applies to England. In Wales, statutory guidance for local authorities and social care professionals is provided under the Social Services and Well Being (Wales) Act 2014. This Act provides the legal framework for improving the wellbeing of people who need care and support, and carers who need support, and for transforming social services in Wales. Social Workers in Wales must meet the Social Care Wales professional standards and Code of Practice for Social Care Workers. Social Care Wales regulates and sets standards for social work education training in Wales. Children’s Social Care Domestic abuse is the most common risk factor identified by social workers in assessments and is a key driver of need for children’s social care.151 Children’s social 151 In the year ending 31 March 2021, domestic abuse (concerns about a parent) remained the most common factor identified at the end of assessment, recorded in 168,960 episodes of children in need (34% of all episodes where assessment factor information was recorded).. ONS. Characteristics of children in need: 2020 to 2021: Data year ending March 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance workers are therefore an important partner both in the identification of domestic abuse and the service response – whether by engaging