serious complications could arise in those with impaired heart function caused by an underlying heart condition or through the action of certain licit or illicit drugs. Cardiac capture from chest-penetrating barbs may be more likely to arise in children and thin adults as the heart will generally be closer to the source of discharge. (b) The physiological burden arising from the Taser-induced muscle contractions and associated pain, combined with the stressful circumstances in which Tasers are likely to be used, may adversely affect certain groups. These susceptible groups include the elderly, those with heart conditions, people who have taken certain drugs, and those affected by asthma or other pulmonary conditions. (c) Risks to the pregnant woman and fetus from Taser discharge are incompletely understood. While there is no evidence that abdominal application of Taser discharge is able directly to induce uterine muscle contraction, Taser-induced muscle contraction commonly leads to falls. Fall injuries in general have been associated with an increased probability of delivery by caesarian section and low birth weight. (d) Others who may be at heightened risk of injury from Taser-induced falls include people whose protective reflexes may be impaired, such as those intoxicated with alcohol, illicit drugs or certain prescription medications. People affected by osteoporosis, young people during the adolescent growth period, individuals with a history of a bleeding or clotting disorder and those on anticoagulant or antiplatelet therapy, may also be more prone to an adverse outcome following a fall. (e) Superficial burns from the discharge current passing through the skin are a recognised minor complication of Taser use. Children and vulnerable adults are unlikely to be differentially affected compared with notionally healthy adults. (f) The intense muscle contractions induced by the Taser discharge may lead to musculoskeletal injury. Older people may be more prone to this type of injury. (g) Children and thin adults may be at greater risk of internal injury from tissue-penetrating Taser barbs as body wall thickness generally will be less in these groups. Children and adults of short stature may also be at greater risk of injury to sensitive structures in the head and neck regions due to the closer proximity of these structures to the most commonly used point of aim (the frontal chest). (h) There is equivocal evidence to indicate that Taser discharge may induce epileptic seizures following barb penetration of the scalp. There is also evidence to indicate that Taser discharge may trigger seizures in those affected by epilepsy, irrespective of barb location. Consistent with this, emotional stress and physical exertion, both of which are likely to feature in incidents involving administration of Taser discharge and many other forms of force, are among the seizure-precipitating factors reported by those affected by epilepsy. (i) There is the potential for Taser discharge to be administered to individuals whose behaviour has been influenced by an underlying medical condition or with whom communication is in some way impaired due to non-medical reasons. 2 * Aggressiveness and non-cooperation may be manifested during and shortly