before ballistic and/or stab testing. 9.2.2 Extreme temperature testing (optional) To simulate body armour being stored in extreme temperatures prior to being worn, this assessment preconditions certified individual protective panels at either +50¡C or -20¡C and allows them to return to standard temperature prior to ballistic and/or stab testing. Section 10 Production quality testing (PQT) In ballistic testing, CPA shall be performed on soft unformed armour. Soft, formed armour and plates shall be tested in the same manner as in certification testing but with fewer panels required. Similarly, stab testing shall be conducted in the same manner as certification but at reduced quantities compared to certification testing. 11 In-life monitoring (ILM) To ensure armour exhibits consistent performance for the duration of the product life expectancy (as specified by the manufacturer), in-service panels shall be acquired and tested. 4.3. Submission requirements 4.3.1. Size selection 4.3.1.1. Unformed armour Three armour sizes are required for certification testing: small, medium and large. Small shall be the smallest panel that the manufacturer intends to supply. Large shall be the largest panel that the manufacturer intends to supply. Medium shall be sized to fit the dimensioned torso mannequin, shown in Figure 4. Key dimensions are provided in Table 3. The range of sizes specified and tested shall be included as the accredited range on the certificate. If, at a later stage, the manufacturer is required to produce armour that is outside of the range defined in the technical file and the changes are not covered by the criteria in Section 3.6.2, they shall inform CAST and provide full details of the new panel size. It may be necessary to complete additional testing on these panels. All assessments on unformed armour shall be conducted without carriers. Figure 4: Dimensioned medium male torso Table 3: Male torso dimensions No. Colour Measurement Description Dimension (mm) 1 Blue Waist circumference Measured at top of waist. 940 2 Teal Stomach circumference Measured at the most pronounced region of the stomach. 955 3 Purple Chest circumference Measured at the most pronounced region of the chest. 1,040 4 Black Front torso length Measured front the jugular notch to the top of the waist. 390 5 Maroon Rear torso length Measured from the 7th vertebrae to the top of the waist. 450 6 Green Width between arms Span across chest, measured from deepest point of arm pits. 510 7 Orange Waist-to-waist (front to rear) Measured distance from the front waist over the highest part of the shoulder to the rear waist. 980 4.3.1.2. Formed armour Formed armour required for certification shall be supplied in two sizes based on the female mannequins in Figure 5 and Figure 6. Key dimensions are provided in Table 4. All assessments on formed armour shall be conducted in carriers following the requirements outlined in Section 3.3.4. Figure 5: Dimensioned small female torso Figure 6: Dimensioned large female torso Table 4: Female torso dimensions No. Colour Measurement Description Dimension (mm) Small female torso Large female torso 1 Purple Bust circumference