cope with emergency situations both within their own company and on a wider scale. A business continuity sub-committee was formed involving representatives from Woking and Surrey Chambers of Commerce, local businesses, Woking Borough Council, and Surrey County Council. The sub-committee provided a steer on developing a strategy and this led to a series of meetings, discussions and presentations on how this could best be delivered to local business. By early 2009, a draft proposal was in place to develop a website to act as a business continuity hub in order to help local businesses understand the basic principles of BCM together with signposting them to find additional information if required. Woking Borough Council and Surrey County Council agreed to part fund this, with the Surrey Local Resilience Forum agreeing to co-sponsor the initiative and provide additional funding to develop the project. The sub-committee put out to tender and a company was short- listed and commissioned to deliver the website. The company has an innovative way of delivering the website using panoramic views summarising phases of the business continuity process, case studies featuring local business incidents and an interactive quiz. Conclusion Although Surrey delivers business continuity advice through traditional methods such as leaflets, conferences and local forums, surreycontinuity helps promote other local initiatives such as Project ARGUS and GRIFFIN. Surreycontinuity has been kept simple and is able to be used by those with no previous experience of business continuity. This gives it the flexibility to target a generic audience within the community such as small to medium enterprises, independent care providers and schools, also reaching a global audience. Detailed weekly and monthly web traffic reports are providing useful in validating the success of the website. Although limited in determining the type and exact location of the organisation accessing the website, they do provide detail of number of hits, method of access and global location. The most popular part of the site is the case studies. The results have certainly raised the profile of the county; and the work of the Surrey Local Resilience Forum; and proved that engaging and working in partnership can deliver benefits to the local community. Kevin Smith Deputy Head of Emergency Management Chief ExecutiveÕs Office Surrey County Council Kingston upon Thames KT1 2DN Tel: 0208 541 9160 Case Study 2 Ð Milton Keynes Council Milton Keynes Council is a unitary Council with approx 220,000 citizens. The concept of a Milton Keynes Business Resilience Forum (MKBRF) was initially proposed by Milton Keynes Council at the local BCI Forum in June 2006. It was seen to be the best way to promote BC to local businesses and encourage the involvement of local businesses. Following the first MKBRF event, an independent lead team was established consisting of, and chaired by, voluntary representatives from local businesses. The MKBRF was established to promote the benefits of effective business continuity by: o providing information and advice; o sharing experiences between members; o holding business continuity and incident management exercises; o sharing threat and