they will be able to add value in a number of ways, including offering advice on the wider picture, and encouraging cross- boundary working and the sharing of good practice. 2.155. The armed forces have a small permanent role in local civil protection through the provision of unique and guaranteed military ÒnicheÓ capabilities, such as explosive ordnance disposal or search and rescue. As part of the wider government response, Defence can also make a significant contribution in support of Category 1 responders at times of serious emergencies through Military Aid to the Civil Authorities (MACA). The armed forces remain prepared to respond to a range of emergencies in the UK, especially where Defence can make a strategic impact. There are no standing forces allocated to UK resilience, however, and assets are drawn from across Defence to meet specific demands. Since the Armed Forces are a centralised organisation under direct control of central government, requests for assistance are considered at national level. 2.53. 2.156. It is important that Category 1 responders establish close links with the armed forces in their area. Through the medium of LRFs (and multi-LRF groups/ Wales Resilience Forum), Category 1 responders will develop a greater understanding of how the armed forces might support a response to an emergency. It is therefore important that the Regional Brigade, via the Joint Regional Liaison Officer (JRLO), is represented at the appropriate level on LRFs since he or she is best placed to provide appropriate guidance on seeking military assistance. Clear guidance on DefenceÕs role is contained in MoDÕs, The Defence Contribution to UK Resilience Ð A Guide for Civil Responders, 2009 7.4 2.157. The Met Office provides services that can help Category 1 and 2 responders prepare for and respond to emergencies that are caused or influenced by the weather. These can include severe weather warnings, plume predictions and storm tide alerts. Linked to these services is advice on the interpretation and impact of the weather during an emergency. 2.158. The voluntary sector is organised nationally and locally and can provide a wide range of skills and services. It has a key support role to offer to the emergency services and other responding organisations in emergency planning and response and, in certain circumstances, such as rescue at sea, an operational role. At the national level, the Voluntary Sector Civil Protection Forum ensures communication and co-operation between organisations in the voluntary sector themselves. Further detail on the voluntary sectorÕs work is set out in Chapter 14. 74 http://www.mod.uk/NR/rdonlyres/84992BEC-0918-41E6-8CB4-11FD23D5B119/0/JDP022EdAddendumWeb.pdf Annex A CO-OPERATION AND INFORMATION-SHARING: EXPECTATIONS AND IMPACT AND THE ROLE OF THE LRF [This table repeats Table 1 and highlights the impact of the CCA duties on the Category 2s and the LRF. It does not deal with expectations regarding attendance at LRFs.] A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five Main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Impact on Category 2 responders and other Category 1 responders IS LRF involved? Is information sharing required? Impact on Category 2 responders