topic Crime prevention Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Serious Crime Bill Delegated Powers Ð Supplementary Memorandum by the Home Office The Government has tabled further amendments to the Serious Crime Bill for Commons Committee stage; these include two new delegated power. This supplementary memorandum explains why the powers have been taken and the reason for the procedure selected. New clause ÒGuidanceÓ: Power to issue guidance in relation to new offence of controlling relationships or coercive behaviour in intimate or family Power conferred on: Secretary of State Power exercisable by: Statutory Guidance Parliamentary procedure None 1. New clause ÒControlling or coercive behaviour in an intimate or family relationshipÓ, which extends to England and Wales, provides for a new domestic abuse offence. That new clause sets out the elements of the new offence. In appropriate cases certain terms used in the construction of the offence are defined in the legislation, for example the term Òmembers of the same familyÓ, while others, such as Òcontrolling or coerciveÓ are left undefined and will take their ordinary meaning. In the normal way, it will be a matter for a jury or magistrates to determine whether, on the facts of a particular case, the offence has been made out. That said, the Government sees the merit in providing guidance to the police to accompany the new offence to assist police forces in understanding and investigating the new offence, and in giving statutory underpinning to such guidance. Statutory guidance is also expected to be of value to third sector organisations and others working in the field of domestic abuse. Accordingly, new clause ÒGuidanceÓ confers a power on the Secretary of State to issue guidance to whatever persons she considers appropriate concerning the investigation of the new offence. This is accompanied by a power to revise any guidance which is issued, and a duty to arrange for any guidance that is issued or revised to be published. Amongst other things, such guidance would provide examples of the kind of behaviours that might be considered to be controlling or coercive when the offence is being investigated. 2. Any guidance issued under the new clause will not be subject to any parliamentary scrutiny, on the grounds that it will be worked up in consultation with all interested stakeholders and practitioners. The guidance will not conflict with, or alter the scope of, the new criminal offence, which will itself be the subject of parliamentary scrutiny during the parliamentary passage of this Bill. And finally, new clause ÒGuidanceÓ does not impose any obligation on any named public authorities