adjudicator may also, where an appeal is allowed, give written directions to the litter authority which the adjudicator considers appropriate for the purpose of giving effect to their decision. A litter authority must comply with any such direction as soon as is practicable. 11N.36 An adjudicator may (despite not allowing an appeal) give a written recommendation to the litter authority that it cancel the penalty notice if the adjudicator is satisfied that there are compelling reasons why, in the particular circumstances of the case, the penalty notice should be cancelled. A litter authority must then reconsider whether to cancel the penalty notice, taking account of any observations made by the adjudicator, and within 35 days inform the appellant and the adjudicator in writing of its decision (and reasons for it where a recommendation is not accepted). If a litter authority fails to do so, it is deemed to have accepted the recommendation and to have cancelled the penalty notice. 11N.37 An adjudicator must dismiss an appeal if the adjudicator concludes that none of the grounds set out in regulation 14 of the Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018 apply, or there are no compelling reasons why the penalty notice should be cancelled. 11N.38 Enforcement authorities should respond promptly to adjudicators concerning appeals and meet time limits set by legislation or the adjudicatorÕs judicial powers. 11O.0 Non-payment of fixed penalty notices in lieu of prosecution - prosecuting offenders 11O.1 Should a fixed penalty notice go unpaid then the normal course of action will be to prosecute for the original offence in the magistratesÕ court. An enforcement authority must wait at least 14 days after issuing a fixed penalty notice before initiating a prosecution, and must begin legal proceedings for summary offences within 6 months of the offence (for summary offences).20 11O.2 Failure to pursue unpaid notices will discredit the use of fixed penalties in the locality, and will lead to declining rates of payment. The need to pursue unpaid fixed penalty notices must be considered in the development of an enforcement strategy and the necessary resources made available. It is not acceptable for an authority to decide 19 Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018, regulation 16 20 There is no time limit for bringing proceedings in respect of offences that are triable each way, but proceedings for such offences should be brought as soon as possible as courts have discretion to dismiss a summons on the ground of abuse of process where there has been an unjustified delay. after a fixed penalty notice has been issued that it does not have the resources to prosecute if the notice is unpaid. 11P.0 Non-payment of civil penalty notices for littering from vehicles 11P.1 If a penalty notice is not paid within 28 days (the fixed penalty payment period) the amount of the penalty doubles automatically, unless the recipient made representations against the penalty notice within that period. At this point, an enforcement notice may be