occupier or landowner of the intention before exercising a power of entry. Where legislation specifically provides that no notice need be given, authorised persons should nevertheless still consider whether notice could be provided, and where appropriate provide this, where it will not frustrate the purposes of exercising the power of entry. 8.2 Where notice is provided this should set out the purpose of the proposed entry and date and time when it is proposed that the power should be exercised. 8.3 If pre-notification of a visit would defeat the purposes of exercising powers, officers, provided they have the statutory power to do so, can still visit unannounced. There will also be occasions on which notice is clearly not practicable, for example in respect of routine vehicle searches in ports or where routine frequent visits are made to the same premises. 8.4 In the context of powers of entry for the purposes of inspecting an institution / service provider, it may be necessary to conduct an unannounced inspection in order to gain a genuine picture of ordinary day to day processes relating to that institution / service provider rather than a manufactured or pre-prepared impression. Unannounced visits may also be necessary for the purpose of safeguarding children and other vulnerable groups. 8.5 Reasonable notice need not be given where the purpose of the entry is the initial safety investigation in the aftermath of an accident, incident or other emergency where there is an urgent need to investigate the circumstances/causes of the accident, incident, or other emergency or to maintain public safety. Consent 8.6 Reasonable effort should also be made to obtain the consent of the landowner or occupier,4 unless obtaining consent would frustrate the purpose of the exercise, for example by causing undue delay. It is important that consent is informed and that the occupier is notified about the purpose of the visit and, for exercising the powers of entry and associated powers, what these powers are and how they will be used. Where consent is sought but not obtained (the occupier refuses or obstructs entry, contact could not be established with the occupier or the premises were unoccupied at the time) authorised persons should record their attempts to obtain consent as a matter of good practice. 8.7 If consent is withdrawn by the occupier at any time, the right to enter the premises should be clearly explained to him or her and also the consequences or penalty for obstructing authorised persons when exercising their legal powers. Where consent 4 Whether consent is sought from landowner or occupier will depend on the nature of the power of entry and the nature of the premises in question. is not given it may still be possible to exercise lawful authority to enter, where this is based either on specific statutory powers or judicial authority such as a warrant. 9 Number of persons present 9.1 Relevant persons should consider the number of persons needed for the exercise of powers of entry and associated powers