descriptions below are guides rather than definitive structures, and will need to be tailored to reflect local circumstances. But they do represent what Category 1 and 2 responders have indicated as reasonable expectations at the local level. Category 1 responders 2.109. Local authorities play a critical role in civil protection. They have a wide range of functions likely to be called upon in support of the emergency services during an emergency, including key statutory responsibilities such as environmental health, housing, social services and highways. As the response phase comes to an end, the impact on the community becomes a key issue. At this stage, the recovery phase, the local authority is likely to take the lead co-ordination role as part of its wider community leadership responsibility. 2.110. Each local authority retains the right to attend the LRF. But it may not be practical for every local authority in any given LRF area to be a member of the full LRF. Despite their legal autonomy and individual approaches to civil protection, in many instances, it will make sense for local authorities to nominate one or more of their number to act as effective representatives on the LRF. 2.111. Police forces co-ordinate the response to most emergencies on land. Their key role in co-ordinating the response is based not only on the need to protect the scene for emergency workers and vehicles and preserve evidence of a potential crime; the police are also often expected to co-ordinate information to the public about the emergency, including dealing with the media. This strong presence in co-ordinating the response has meant that the police are often called upon to co-ordinate multi-agency policy work at the strategic level as well. 2.53. 2.112. As the LRFs have been based by definition on police areas, there will be a single local police force member for each LRF. Each police force will have a single representative, though it may have a second if it has taken on the role as chair. 2.113. The British Transport Police (BTP) plays a role akin to local police forces, albeit in a more specialist and limited environment. It takes responsibility for the management of incidents on the rail network and at train stations. 2.114. In most LRFs, the local police force will represent the BTP. The exceptions to this are likely to be those meetings where particular consideration is given to rail transport issues, including risk assessments and plans. 2.115. The Fire and Rescue Service is a key Category 1 responder. It has a pivotal role to play in the risk assessment and response to a wide range of emergencies, both fire and non-fire related. Its co-ordination role of the fire and rescue service in a multi-agency incident is normally focused on operations inside the inner cordon. Fire and Rescue ServicesÕ expertise and equipment for dealing with chemical emergencies, including decontamination on behalf of the health service, and their search and rescue capabilities, give them a key role in multi-agency planning. 2.116. In