Act 10. Facilitate identification of lead responder where appropriate. Act as lead responder or support lead responder. Act as lead responder under its sectoral responsibilities or support lead responder. 11. Be aware of multi-agency plans of members. With relevant partners, develop and maintain its own multi-agency plans as appropriate. Under sectoral responsibilities, develop and maintain relevant multi-agency plans. 12. Prepare and review LRF multi-agency plans 40 as appropriate. Contribute to LRF multi-agency plans. Under sectoral responsibilities, contribute to LRF multi-agency plans. 13. Receive and, as appropriate, respond to government requests for specific plans under the capabilities programme. Develop multi-agency plans 41 in line with the governmentÕs capabilities programme. Under sectoral responsibilities and governmentÕs capabilities programme, develop multi-agency plans. 14. Support its membersÕ exercises, including maintaining a list of exercises. Exercise its individual and multi- agency plans. Support Category 1 responder exercises under CCA and sectoral responsibilities. 40 Increasingly, LRFs are developing multi-agency plans Ð though these are likely to be ÒownedÓ and managed by one of the Category 1 local responders on behalf of the LRF members. 41 As required by the Act, Category 1 responders are likely to develop multi-agency emergency plans and these may not cover the whole LRF area. They are not necessarily treated as LRF plans. ROLE OF THE LRF ROLE OF THE DUTY HOLDER Category 1 Responders Category 2 Responders 15. Organise exercises of LRF multi-agency plans. Take part in LRF multi-agency exercises as appropriate. Take part in LRF multi-agency exercises as appropriate. 16. Awareness and support for business continuity management (BCM). Prepare and maintain business continuity plans. Support partners in preparing their business continuity plans. Under sectoral responsibilities, prepare and maintain business continuity plans. Support Category 1 responders in developing their BC plans. 17. Facilitate its members in agreeing lead responder role and other measures for warning and informing arrangements. Set up and maintain warning and informing arrangements and plans. Under sectoral responsibilities and in support of Category 1 responders, set up and maintain warning arrangements. 18. Facilitate co-operation across partners in promotion of business continuity management. (LA) Promote BCM. (Other Category 1 responders) Assist LAs with BC information as appropriate. Assist LAs with BC information as appropriate. 19. Play supportive role during an emergency Respond to emergencies. Implement recovery plans. Respond to emergencies. Implement recovery plans. 20. Attend multi-LRF meetings or Wales Resilience Forum (WRF), as appropriate Take note of multi-LRF / WRF discussions. Attend multi-LRF meetings / WRF or take note of its discussions. Purpose of the LRF 2.45. 2.46. 2.47. The purpose of the Local Resilience Forum is as follows: o to provide a local forum for local issues; o to help co-ordinate risk assessment through production of the Community Risk Register; o to facilitate Category 1 and 2 responders in the delivery of their CCA duties; o to help deliver government policy by co-ordinating responses to government initiatives; and o to help determine a procedure for the formation of a Strategic Co-ordinating Group (SCG) by the relevant local responders at