a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “relevant premises licence” means a premises licence authorising the supply of alcohol.” Part 2 Club premises certificates Mandatory conditions relating to the supply of alcohol to members or guests After section 73 of the Licensing Act 2003 (c. 17) (certificate authorising supply of alcohol for consumption off the premises) insert— “73A Mandatory conditions relating to the supply of alcohol to members or guests Where a club premises certificate authorises the supply of alcohol to members or guests, the certificate must include any conditions specified in an order under section 73B and applicable to the certificate.” Power of Secretary of State to impose section 73A mandatory conditions After section 73A of that Act (as inserted by paragraph 3 above) insert— “73B Power of Secretary of State to impose section 73A mandatory conditions The Secretary of State may by order specify conditions relating to the supply of alcohol to members or guests and applicable to all relevant club premises certificates or relevant club premises certificates of a particular description if the Secretary of State considers it appropriate to do so for the promotion of the licensing objectives. The number of conditions in force by virtue of subsection (1) in relation to all relevant club premises certificates and the number of conditions in force by virtue of that subsection in relation to relevant club premises certificates of particular descriptions must not (when added together) exceed at any time nine. An order under subsection (1) may— relate to existing or future relevant club premises certificates, specify conditions which involve, or consist of, the exercise of a discretion by any person. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 5 – Injunctions: powers to remand Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 167 Any conditions specified by an order under subsection (1) in relation to existing relevant club premises certificates are to be treated as— included in those certificates from the coming into force of the order, and overriding any conditions already included in those certificates (“the existing conditions”) so far as they are— identical to the existing conditions, or inconsistent with, and more onerous than, the existing conditions. Any conditions included, or treated as included, in relevant club premises certificates by virtue of section 73A and this section cease to have effect so far as they cease to be specified under this section in relation to those certificates. Any conditions treated as mentioned in subsection (4)(b) cease to be