as part of new ways of doing other subjects such as geography or history. These changes may take a decade to complete but getting there is essential. For now, the government should focus energy on the most effective existing curriculum enrichment initiatives, not as alternatives to fundamental changes to the curriculum, but because they provide opportunities to accelerate change in the short term. Further, Higher and Graduate Education Since the AI Review in 2017, the government has invested significantly in schemes to promote graduate-level learning through Apprenticeships, Masters courses and PhD training. This is a good start, but only that. Current numbers would suggest there is unmet demand to justify a five to tenfold increase in places compared to the numbers in the AI Review. To ensure a steady supply of skilled entrants to the workforce, and to send the right signals to young people making further academic choices, the UK should commit to scaling up its programmes significantly at all levels of education and maintain this commitment for at least a decade. Such a scale up would include AI-related Level 7 apprenticeships, Masters programmes, Centres for Doctoral Training and novel forms of PhDs. It would extend the scope of the schemes to include AI-related courses in disciplines outside those traditionally associated with data sciences, with a review of digital apprenticeship standards to identify where additional AI knowledge and skills ought to be unlocked. It must also include the postgraduate AI and data science conversion course programme announced by the government last year, whose 2,500 places for people to develop new skills or re-train. Properly implemented, this commitment would help level up access to economic development across regions. We must also ensure that no graduate student leaves university without some grounding in AI and its applications. 17 Decrypting diversity: Diversity and inclusion in cyber security, NCSC ( July 2020) 17 18 AI ROADMAP Meanwhile the Turing AI Fellowships programme for established researchers, an international fellowship programme for AI in the UK in a partnership between UKRI, the Office for AI, and the Turing, has already seen a successful first wave,18 alongside the first batch of Turing AI Acceleration Fellowships.19 In line with the 2017 AI Review, this programme must continue to be developed and expanded so that momentum can be built to attract world-leading talent to the UK. These efforts, directed at the supply side, would allow graduates and apprentices to advance into emerging AI professions. They would need to be delivered across the country and to be available to young people of all backgrounds, ensuring that the UKÕs future AI workforce reflects the diversity of background and thought needed to develop world leading AI capabilities that tackle the issues which matter most. Success will depend on collaboration between universities, colleges and businesses, not only in terms of how academia can help support continuous learning and upskilling within businesses, but also through business support such as mentoring, real life use cases and data to academia. Supporting every teacher The key