Secretary of State. Prohibition on consuming alcohol 62 Premises etc to which alcohol prohibition does not apply (1) A prohibition in a public spaces protection order [F17or expedited order] on consuming alcohol does not apply toÑ (a) premises (other than council-operated licensed premises) authorised by a premises licence to be used for the supply of alcohol; (b) premises authorised by a club premises certificate to be used by the club for the supply of alcohol; (c) a place within the curtilage of premises within paragraph (a) or (b); (d) premises which by virtue of Part 5 of the Licensing Act 2003 may at the relevant time be used for the supply of alcohol or which, by virtue of that Part, could have been so used within the 30 minutes before that time; (e) a place where facilities or activities relating to the sale or consumption of alcohol are at the relevant time permitted by virtue of a permission granted under section 115E of the Highways Act 1980 (highway-related uses) [F18or by virtue of a pavement licence under section 1 of the Business and Planning Act 2020]. (2) A prohibition in a public spaces protection order [F19or an expedited order] on consuming alcohol does not apply to council-operated licensed premisesÑ (a) when the premises are being used for the supply of alcohol, or (b) within 30 minutes after the end of a period during which the premises have been used for the supply of alcohol. (3) In this sectionÑ Òclub premises certificateÓ has the meaning given by section 60 of the Licensing Act 2003; Òpremises licenceÓ has the meaning given by section 11 of that Act; Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 39 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òsupply of alcoholÓ has the meaning given by section 14 of that Act. (4) For the purposes of this section, premises are Òcouncil-operated licensed premisesÓ if they are authorised by a premises licence to be used for the supply of alcohol andÑ (a) the licence is held by a local authority in whose area the premises (or part of the premises) are situated, or (b) the licence is held by another person but the premises are occupied by a local authority or are managed by or on behalf of a local authority. 63 Consumption of alcohol in breach of prohibition in order (1) This section applies where a constable or an authorised person reasonably believes that a person (P)Ñ (a) is or