. . . . . . . . . Director General: vacancy or incapacity [F5843A(1) This paragraph applies if— the office of Director General is vacant, or it appears to the Office that the ability of the Director General to carry out the Director General's functions is seriously impaired because of ill health (whether mental or physical). The Office may, with the agreement of the Secretary of State, authorise an employee of the Office to carry out the functions of the Director General during the vacancy or period of ill health. A person who falls within section 9(3) may not be authorised under this paragraph to carry out the functions of the Director General. A person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment of three months or more may not, at any time in the five years following the day of sentence, be authorised under this paragraph to carry out the functions of the Director General. Paragraph 1(6) applies for the purposes of sub-paragraph (4). Authorisation of a person under this paragraph ceases to have effect— at the end of the vacancy or period of ill health, on the Office revoking the authorisation for any reason, or on the Secretary of State withdrawing agreement to the authorisation for any reason.] 158 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 – The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Remuneration, pensions etc. of members 4 (1) The Secretary of State may pay, or make such payments towards the provision of, such remuneration, pensions, allowances or gratuities to or in respect of [F585the Director General as the Secretary of State may determine]. Where— a person ceases, otherwise than on the expiry of his term of office, to hold office as [F586Director General], and it appears to the Secretary of State that there are special circumstances which make it right for that person to receive compensation, the Secretary of State may direct the [F587Office] to make a payment to that person of such amount as the Secretary of State may determine. [F588(3) The Secretary of State may make remuneration arrangements in relation to non- executive members of the Office. Remuneration arrangements under sub-paragraph (3)— may make provision for a salary, allowances and other benefits but not for a pension, and may include a formula or other mechanism for adjusting one or more of those elements from time to time. Amounts payable by virtue of sub-paragraph (4) are to be paid by the Office.] The Chief Executive F5895 . . . . . . . . . . .