to the community and which MoPI Group (1 to 4) should be assigned. They will also provide support to the Records Manager by responding to records management enquiries, providing advice and guidance and escalating to the Records Manager where appropriate. Audit Trails Audit trails will be provided for all records and documents. They should be kept securely and should be available for inspection by authorised personnel. Audit trails will be managed since they may be of critical importance to the organisation. Claims of compliance may be discredited if the audit trail is not treated correctly and cannot be interpreted unambiguously. The audit trail will include a record of all relevant occurrences and will be secure. If any significant occurrence is not audited, then the whole audit trail can be discredited and as a direct result all or any information held within the system will also be able to be discredited. For all audit trail data, it will be possible to identify the processes, enabling technology and individuals involved and the time and date of the event. POLICY AIM To competently record and manage all information held for policing activity in an efficient and consistent manner to support the objectives and vision of Wiltshire Police and the OPCC and ensure that national and local objectives are met. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Key drivers for this policy and the need for a consistent approach are legislative, particularly the eight principles of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the College of Policing (COP) Authorised Professional Practice (APP) on Information Management. A failure to record, retain, review and dispose information appropriately may constitute a breach and, ultimately, undermine public confidence in the Force. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS This document has been drawn up within the context of: • Information Management Policy • Acceptable Use of Force Systems Policy • Records Retention Schedule • Information Asset Owners Handbook • Information Sharing Policy • Information Risk Management Policy • Niche RMS Minimum Data Quality Standards • ISO 15489-1:2001 (Information and documentation - Records management - Part 1) • ISO 17799:2005 (Information technology - Security techniques - Code of practice for information security management) • BSI BIP 0025-1:2002 (Effective records management. A management guide to the value of BS ISO 15489-1) • BSI BIP 0025-2:2002 (Effective records management. Practical implementation of BS ISO 15489-1) • BSI BIP 0008:2004 (Code of practice for legal admissibility and evidential weight of information stored electronically) • BSI BIP 0009:2004 (Legal admissibility and evidential weight of information stored electronically. Compliance workbook) • BSI BIP 0010:2004 (The principles of good practice for information management) • Force Information Security Policy (FISP), • NPCC Governance & Information Risk Baseline Standards • Quality Assurance and Audit (QA), • Force Systems Operating Protocols (SOPs) • AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Information Management DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations