access easier. The key principles of this policy are to: > ensure staff get opportunities to engage across the organisation and that feedback from this engagement is responded to appropriately; > support staff commitment to Keeping People Safe and improving the safety and wellbeing of the people of Wiltshire; > Support our Officers and Staff in regards to their own safety, health and wellbeing > promote the requirement of line managers to effectively manage employee relations on a day-to-day basis. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all Police Officers and staff across the organisation, including those within the OPCC. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Employment Rights Act 1996 Equality Act 2010 Flexible Working (Eligibility, Complaints and Remedies) (Amendment) Regulations 2006 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS All Human Resources Policies and Procedures, including: > Equal Opportunities Policies and Procedures > Issue Resolution and Dignity at Work Policy and Procedure > Job Evaluation (Police Staff) Procedure > Managing Performance and Capability for Wiltshire Police & OPCC Staff Policy and Procedure > Police Staff Discipline Procedure > Police Performance Regulations Human Resources Guidance (HR Portal Site) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Professional Standards DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded because of this policy, will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This policy will be assessed for suitability for public release when final draft adopted. MONITORING AND REVIEW This policy will be reviewed every three years in the light of any national policy or procedural change or due to changes to law or Force strategy or at such other times as may become necessary. Any review will take into consideration feedback/lessons learned from the application of the policy. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of HR Ð Strategy, Policy & Change is responsible for this policy. All queries relating to this policy should be directed to the People Services Centre or the Force Policy Officer. Appendix 1 LGPS Regulations require the Force to formulate, publish and keep under review policies with regard to the arrangements relating to the discretionary powers adopted by the Force. The Regulations and Force discretions are outlined below: REGULATION POLICY ON INDIVIDUAL DISCRETIONS BCM12: Augmentation of membership of an active member (up to 10 years) The Force will not exercise this discretion. . BCM 13: Whether to grant additional pension to a member (up to £5,000pa) The Force will not exercise this discretion in addition or as an alternative to augmentation. BCM 18(1): Whether all or some benefits can be paid if an employee reduces hours/grade and continues to work (Òflexible retirementÓ) The Force does not give blanket consent for staff in the LGPS aged between 60 and 74 years to flexibly retire and draw immediate payment of pension benefits. Requests will be referred to the Resources Directorate and assessed on their merits taking into account such factors as cost and service delivery. BCM