(b) accordingly, the office is to be left unfilled until that ordinary election. (8) The term of office of a person elected as a police and crime commissioner for a police area at an election to fill a vacancy in the officeÑ (a) begins immediately the person is declared to be elected as police and crime commissioner for the area; (b) ends at the time when it would have ended had the person been elected at the most recent ordinary election of police and crime commissioners. (9) In the case of a vacancy occurring in consequence of the failure of, or other irregularity in relation to, an election, subsections (3) and (4) have effect subject to any provision made by an order under section 58. 52 Persons entitled to vote (1) A person is entitled to vote as an elector at an election of a police and crime commissioner for a police area [F29in England] if on the date of the pollÑ (a) the person would be entitled to vote as an elector at a local government election in an electoral area wholly or partly comprised in the police area, and (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 49 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the address in respect of which the person is registered in the register of local government electors for that electoral area is within the police area. [F30(1A) A person is entitled to vote as an elector at an election of a police and crime commissioner for a police area in Wales if subsection (1B) or (1C) applies. (1B) This subsection applies if on the date of the pollÑ (a) the person would be entitled to vote as an elector at a parliamentary election in a constituency wholly or partly comprised in the police area, (b) the address in respect of which the person is registered in the register of parliamentary electors for that constituency is within the police area, and (c) the registration is not in pursuance of an overseas elector's declaration. (1C) This subsection applies if on the date of the pollÑ (a) the person is [F31Ñ (i) disqualified as a peer from voting as an elector at parliamentary elections, or (ii) a qualifying EU citizen, or an EU citizen with retained rights, who has attained the age of 18,] (b) the person would be entitled to vote as an elector at a local government election in an electoral area wholly or partly comprised in the police area, and (c) the address in respect of which the person is registered in the register of local government electors for that electoral area is within the police area.] (2) A person is not entitled