Recording standard Wiltshire Police Hate Crime Procedure Wiltshire Police Informal Resolution/Grievance Procedure Wiltshire Police Critical Incident Policy PSD/IOPC investigation standards VictimÕs codes and Witness Charter EDI Incident Assessment Template AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE AREAS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS PROCEDURE College of Policing APP Professional Standards DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW This procedure will be reviewed in light of reported incidents, lessons learned or changes to changes to law, Force strategy or at such other times as may become necessary. This document will be reviewed June 2022 and thereafter at the end of the Police and Crime Commissioners term. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE? The Head of People Strategy & Policy and the Inspector Equality Diversity and Inclusion are responsible for this procedure. All queries relating to this procedure should be directed to the Equality Diversity and Inclusion Department or the Force Policy Officer. INTRODUCTION The Public Sector Equality Duty came into force in April 2011 (s.149 of the Equality Act 2010). Public authorities like Wiltshire Police are now required, in carrying out their functions, to have due regard to the need to achieve the objectives set out under s149 of the Equality Act 2010 to: a. eliminate discrimination, harassment, victimisation and any other conduct that is prohibited by or under the Equality Act 2010; b. advance equality of opportunity between persons who share a relevant protected characteristic and persons who do not share it; c. foster good relations between persons who share a relevant protected characteristic and persons who do not share it. To ensure transparency, and to assist in the performance of this duty, the Equality Act 2010 (Specific Duties) Regulations 2011 require Wiltshire Police to publish information to demonstrate their compliance with the public sector equality duty. Wiltshire Police recognises the importance of its duty under the Act and, in support of this duty to demonstrate compliance, has instigated this procedure to capture incidents where, although no complaint was received, there was potential to improve the provision of a fair employment for all, or where an incident is under investigation through another procedure or regulation and can be considered to be related to Equality Diversity or Inclusion lessons. This document sets out the approach to the reporting, management and investigation of all corporate incidents (including actual and near misses) that occur within the organisation. EDI Incidents relate to those that could by their nature have led to a potential civil claim or Litigation through the provisions of the Equality Act 2010. This document does not seek to replace current processes where proceedings are underway, either through the Informal Resolution or Formal Resolution processes. Its intention is to capture the facts of the issue or concern, understand