Agency (FEMA) and implement underground direct current powerlines to reduce costs associated with catastrophic natural disasters. Background Climate scientists have warned for decades of the looming effects of US greenhouse gas emissions. Rising Atlantic Ocean temperatures are directly linked to stronger and more frequent hurricanes and winter storms.1 The effects of these storms on U.S. infrastructure are critical when determining the direction of future gridwork investments and enhancing U.S. power resilience. A Rowan University research article analyzing Atlantic weather patterns (1971 to 2020) highlighted a dramatic recent increase in the intensification rates of hurricanes.2 A weak Category 1 hurricane can develop into a Category 3 or stronger within 24 hours. Modern hurricanes (2001- 2020) are 28.7% more likely to intensify rapidly, with wind speeds increasing by up to 57 mph over 24 hours.2 With greater intensity and frequency, hurricanes devastate localities, imposing significant costs and leading to extended repair and reconstruction timelines. As of August 2023, tropical storms have caused an average cost of $22.8 billion per event, totaling over $1.3 trillion in lifetime costs.3 The increased frequency also means areas can face multiple hurricanes with shorter breaks, as seen with Helene (late Sept. 2024) and Milton (early Oct. 2024).3 In addition to hurricanes, a warmer atmosphere holds more moisture, contributing to more frequent and intense precipitation.4 Although U.S. winters are getting warmer and shorter on average, blizzards are becoming more severe and prevalent.4 A state-by-state electric utility performance report by the Citizens Utility Board (CUB) found that northeastern states with high blizzard rates experience longer average power outages annually. Maine and Vermont are at the high end, with outages lasting 908 minutes and 444 minutes per customer per year, respectively.5 The New York Department of Public Service published a cost- benefit analysis estimating overhead transmission power lines cost anywhere from $4,000 to $37,000 per mile, with additional overhead distribution costs between $1,700 and $22,000 per mile.6 Intense snowstorm damage can amplify costs and prolong power outage times. Currently, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) assists declared natural disasters. However, as event intensity increased, FEMA spent over half its fiscal budget in just eight days. Without intervention, FEMA will be forced to reduce or suspend aid to catastrophic events.7 Integrated policy solutions are essential to address infrastructure investments and implement preemptive measures to reduce long-term costs. Policy Idea A distributive tax credit structure should be implemented to promote the development of a direct current (DC) underground electrical grid. Incentives of this nature would increase the reliability and climate resilience of the eastern U.S. power grid. Partnered with this, tax credits will be established for utility companies, modeled after the individual homeowner credits outlined in the Inflation Reduction Act. This system would significantly reduce power outages, lower maintenance costs, and modernize infrastructure to accommodate future energy demands and renewable power integration. Policy Analysis The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) recently announced a $34 million pilot program to develop a dozen advanced technologies through the Grid Overhaul with Proactive, High- Speed Undergrounding