section 175(2) of the Education Act 2002; section 55 of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009, paragraph 7(a) of the Schedule to the Education (Independent School Standards) Regulations 2014 and paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the Education (Non-Maintained Special Schools) (England) Regulations 2011. 1.3. Aim and Purpose This guidance should be considered in conjunction with other relevant safeguarding guidance, including, but not limited to, ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ (2018)3 in England or ÔWorking Together to Safeguard People: Volume 5 Ð handling cases to protect children at riskÕ (2018)4 and ÔVolume 6 Ð handling cases to protect adults at risk (2018)5 in Wales. This document is not intended to replace wider safeguarding guidance, but to provide additional advice on FGM. This statutory guidance sets out the responsibilities of chief executives, directors, senior managers and front-line professionals within agencies involved in safeguarding and supporting women and girls affected by FGM. This guidance has three key functions: • to provide information on FGM, including on the law on FGM in England and Wales. This is set out in the main body of this document; • to provide strategic guidance on FGM for chief executives, directors and senior managers of persons and bodies mentioned above, or of third parties exercising public protection functions on behalf of those persons or bodies. This guidance is set out in the main body of this document; and • to provide advice and support to front-line professionals who have responsibilities to safeguard and support women and girls affected by FGM, in particular to assist them in: o identifying when a girl or young woman may be at risk of FGM and responding appropriately; o identifying when a girl or woman has had FGM and responding appropriately; and o implementing measures that can prevent and ultimately help end the practice of FGM. This guidance encourages agencies to cooperate and work together to protect and support those at risk of, or who have undergone, FGM. 3 www.gov.uk/government/publications/working-together-to-safeguard-children--2 4 https://gov.wales/safeguarding-children-risk-abuse-or-neglect 5 https://gov.wales/safeguarding-adults-risk-abuse-or-neglect 1.4. Principles Supporting the Guidance FGM is a criminal offence Ð it is child abuse and a form of violence against women and girls, and therefore should be treated as such. Cases should be dealt with as part of existing structures, policies and procedures on child protection and adult safeguarding. There are, however, particular characteristics of FGM that front-line professionals should be aware of to ensure that they can provide appropriate protection and support to those affected. The following principles should be adopted by all agencies in relation to identifying and responding to those at risk of, or who have undergone FGM, and their parent(s) or guardians: • the safety and welfare of the child is paramount; • all agencies should act in the interests of the rights of the child, as stated in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (1989); • FGM is illegal in the UK (see Chapter 3); • FGM is an extremely harmful practice - responding to it cannot