of an offence under subsection (3) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 2 on the standard scale. F340 Powers of community support officers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41 Guidance (1) The Secretary of State may issue guidance to chief officers of police about the exercise, by officers under their direction or control, of those officers' functions under this Part. (2) The Secretary of State may revise any guidance issued under this section. (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published. 42 Saving and transitional provision (1) The repeal by this Act of Part 4 of the Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003, and the repeal or amendment by this Act of provisions related to that Part, do not apply in relation toÑ (a) an authorisation given under section 30(2) of that Act before the commencement day, or (b) anything done in connection with such an authorisation. (a) 22 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The repeal by this Act of section 27 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006, and the repeal or amendment by this Act of provisions related to that section, do not apply in relation toÑ (a) a direction given under that section before the commencement day, or (b) anything done in connection with such a direction. (3) In this section Òcommencement dayÓ means the day on which this Part comes into force. PART 4 COMMUNITY PROTECTION CHAPTER 1 COMMUNITY PROTECTION NOTICES Community protection notices 43 Power to issue notices (1) An authorised person may issue a community protection notice to an individual aged 16 or over, or a body, if satisfied on reasonable grounds thatÑ (a) the conduct of the individual or body is having a detrimental effect, of a persistent or continuing nature, on the quality of life of those in the locality, and (b) the conduct is unreasonable. (2) In subsection (1) Òauthorised personÓ means a person on whom section 53 (or an enactment amended by that section) confers power to issue community protection notices. (3) A community protection notice is a notice that imposes any of the following requirements on the individual or body issued with itÑ (a) a requirement to stop doing specified things; (b) a requirement