to the Director General by other members of the Office in connection with the carrying out of functions by the Director General; the keeping of written records of instances where the Director General has not followed advice given by other members of the Office and the reasons for not doing so; how non-executive members of the Office are to give practical effect to the requirement imposed by subsection (2). The Code may include whatever other provision the Director General and the Office think appropriate. The Director General and the Office must jointly review the code regularly and revise it as appropriate. The Director General and the Office must each comply with the code. The Director General and the Office must jointly publish a code (or revised code) prepared under this section (stating the time from which it takes effect).] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 19 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Reports to the Secretary of State As soon as practicable after the end of each of [F65the Office's] financial years, the [F66Director General and the Office must jointly] make a report to the Secretary of State on the carrying out of [F67their] functions during that year. [F68(2) The Secretary of State may also require reports to be made (at any time)— by the Director General about the carrying out of the Director General's functions, by the Office about the carrying out of the Office's functions, or jointly by the Director General and the Office about the carrying out of their functions.] [F69(2A) The Director General may, from time to time, make such other reports to the Secretary of State as the Director General considers appropriate for drawing the Secretary of State's attention to matters which— have come to the Director General's notice, and are matters which the Director General considers should be drawn to the attention of the Secretary of State by reason of their gravity or of other exceptional circumstances.] The [F70Office] may, from time to time, make such other reports to the Secretary of State as it considers appropriate for drawing his attention to matters which— have come to the [F71Office's] notice; and are matters that it considers should be drawn to his attention by reason of their gravity or of other exceptional circumstances. [F72(3A) The Director General and the Office may jointly make reports under subsections (2A) and (3).] The [F73Director General] shall prepare such reports containing advice and recommendations as [F74the Director General] thinks appropriate for the purpose of carrying out— [F75the Director General's] function under subsection (1)(e) of