available, suitably placed torches may be acceptable for use by trained staff. In larger, more complex premises it is likely that a more comprehensive system of electrical automatic emergency escape lighting will be needed to illuminate all the escape routes. 26 Where people have difficulty seeing conventional signs, a Ôway-guidanceÕ system may need to be considered. Further guidance on emergency escape lighting is given in Part 2, Section 5. 3.4.5 Signs and notices Signs Signs must be used, where necessary, to help people identify escape routes, find firefighting equipment and emergency fire telephones. These signs are required under the Health and Safety (Safety Signs and Signals) Regulations 19965,6 and must comply with the provisions of those Regulations. A fire risk assessment that determines that no escape signs are required (because, for example, trained staff will always be available to help members of the public to escape routes), is unlikely to be acceptable to an enforcing authority other than in the smallest and simplest of premises where the exits are in regular use and familiar to employees and visitors. For a sign to comply with these Regulations it must be in pictogram form (see Figure 10). The pictogram can be supplemented by text if this is considered necessary to make the sign more easily understood, but you must not have a safety sign that uses only text. Where the locations of escape routes and firefighting equipment are readily apparent and the firefighting equipment is visible at all times, then signs are not necessary. In all other situations it is likely that the fire risk assessment will indicate that signs will be necessary. Figure 10: Typical fire exit sign Notices Notices must be used, where necessary, to provide the following: • instructions on how to use any fire safety equipment; • the actions to be taken in the event of fire; and • help for the fire and rescue service (e.g. location of sprinkler valves or electrical cut-off switches). All signs and notices should be positioned so that they can be easily seen and understood. Figure 11: Simple fire action notice Further guidance on signs and notices is given in Part 2, Section 6. 3.4.6 Installation, testing and maintenance New fire precautions should be installed by a competent person. You must keep any existing equipment, devices or facilities that are provided in your premises for the safety of people, such as fire alarms, fire extinguishers, lighting, signs, fire exits and fire doors, in effective working order and maintain fire separating elements and the prevention of smoke into escape routes. You must ensure regular checks, periodic servicing and maintenance are carried out whatever the size of your premises and any defects are put right as quickly as possible. You, or a person you have nominated, can carry out certain checks and routine maintenance work. Further maintenance may need to be carried out by a competent service engineer. Where contractors are used, third party certification is one method where a reasonable assurance of quality