to make a request for flexible working (see People Services Site for details on how to apply). Wiltshire Police and the OPCC have extended the right to request flexible working to all individuals with 26 weeks continuous service. Any applications for flexible working will be fully considered and if declined, a full, objective rationale as to the reason it is not deemed suitable will be provided. Flexible working is any work pattern adapted to suit both the needs of the orgnisations and the member of staff and is intended to help achieve a better work-life balance. The more common forms of flexible working are: • Job share Ð more than one person sharing a single post • Part-time Ð working fewer than standard hours either on a daily, weekly or monthly basis • Compressed hours Ð working agreed hours over fewer days • Annualised hours Ð set annual number of hours worked in any one year • • Staggered hours Ð different starting and finishing times for staff in the same workplace. This • Could be down to team level • Flexitime Ð variable start and finish times negotiated locally Individuals can request a flexible working pattern for any reason in an effort to aid their 'work-life balance' or to undertake additional studies or training. This does not affect an individual's statutory rights. Although there is no right to work a flexible work pattern there is a right to request to work flexibly. Applications for flexible working patterns should be considered for all roles unless the role has been objectively justified as being unsuitable for flexible working. Individuals working a flexible arrangement will have equal access to training and promotion opportunities regardless of their working arrangements. Wiltshire Police and the OPCC operates a smoke free environment in accordance with the Health Act 2006. Smoking is not permitted by any visitor, contractor, detained person or member of the public whilst on Wiltshire Police premises or vehicles other than in designated smoking areas. Resignation and Retirement This policy is supported by a number of HR and Professional Standards procedures (contained within the Policy Library) and guidance contained on the People Services Portal Site. All HR procedure and guidance are written in compliance with prevailing legislation which, where relevant and necessary, is referenced within the procedure or guidance. Monitoring and review of HR procedure and guidance will be undertaken by the relevant HR Head of Department within a maximum of three years. POLICY AIM This policy sets out the overarching HR principles to be applied to all Police Officers and members of staff within Wiltshire Police and Wiltshire OPCC. It has been designed to reduce the overall number of HR policies and make access easier. The key principles of this policy are to: > ensure staff get opportunities to engage across the organisation and that feedback from this engagement is responded to appropriately; > support staff commitment to Keeping People Safe and improving the safety and wellbeing of the people of Wiltshire; >