competing factors point towards a framework in which the initial presumption is that information should be shared, but that some information should be controlled if its release would be counterproductive or damaging in some other way. 3.1. Devolved Administrations 3.7. The way in which the information sharing duty under the CCA and the Contingency Planning Regulations apply to Category 1 and 2 responders in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland is much the same as in England. The key points in relation to the information sharing duty are: o in Scotland, Part 1 of the CCA and the Regulations (which includes the disclosure of information provision under which the Regulations were made) apply to Scotland, with the powers it sets out residing with Scottish Ministers; ? o in Wales, arrangements under Part 1 of the CCA and the Regulations apply; and o in Northern Ireland, arrangements under Part 1 of the CCA and the Regulations apply only to a limited number of organisations: PSNI, MCA and telecoms providers. Where relevant, LRFs should be aware of the different structures in place and consider cross boundary information sharing requirements. When information should not be formally requested 3.8. In most instances, information will pass freely between Category 1 and 2 responders, as part of a more general process of dialogue and co-operation. This is the means by which the overwhelming majority of information sharing should happen and has happened. Annex A of Chapter 2 sets out the areas in which responders will expect to share information. 3 Part 8 of the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 (Contingency Planning) (Scotland) Regulations 2005 (SI2005/ 494). 3.9. The Regulations require Category 1 and 2 responders to consider alternative routes before pursuing a formal information request.4 But there are still some instances in which the supply of information will be more controlled. Under the Regulations, any Category 1 or 2 responder can request information from another Category 1 or 2 responder, so long as it is for the purpose of fulfilling responsibilities under the Act, or the performance of another function which relates to an emergency. 5 This should be seen very much as a fallback option and every effort should be made to maintain relationships between Category 1 and 2 responders that allow information to be shared without recourse to formal requests. But should formal requests be necessary, there are a number of procedures that need to be followed in order to make the system work. This ensures that Category 1 and 2 responders make proper efforts to use existing and informal routes to gather information. The aim of this provision is to avoid over-bureaucratisation of the information-sharing process, and reinforce the message that the information-sharing mechanisms under the Act should be regarded as a fallback rather than as the first option. 3.10. Where it is necessary to resort to the formal request process, one or more Category 1 or 2 responders will request the information and one or more will receive the request. They are known respectively