individually assessed. Professional should seek to support women by offering referral to community groups who can provide support, or other services as appropriate (see Annex H). In all cases it is also important to consider whether the individual and/or her family are known to social services, and whether there are any existing safeguarding arrangements in place. D.2.6 Professionals Working in Wales: Additional Considerations Relevant partners have a Duty to Report Children at Risk (Section 130) under Part 7 of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act. Section 130(4) defines a Òchild at riskÓ as a child who: a) is experiencing or is at risk of abuse, neglect or other kinds of harm; and b) has needs for care and support (whether or not the local authority is meeting any of those needs). When a child has been reported under section 130, the local authority must consider whether there are grounds for carrying out an investigation under section 47 of the Children Act 1989. This includes children at risk of FGM. D.2.7 Safeguarding Other Family Members Whenever a woman is identified as having had, or being at risk of, FGM, consideration must be given not only to whether she is at risk of further harm, but also to whether there are other girls or women in her family or wider unit who may be at risk of FGM (see Annex B). Issues to consider may include the potential need to: • share information about an adult related to or known to the child or vulnerable adult in relation to whom safeguarding action is being taken; • share information about a girl or young woman who the professional does not have a direct relationship with, e.g. the elder daughter of a pregnant woman who a midwife is treating. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 53 D.2.8 Women and Girls from Overseas If the girl or woman is from overseas, and fleeing potential FGM, applying to remain in the UK as a refugee can be a complex process requiring professional immigration advice (see www.gov.uk/claim-asylum for more information about the asylum application process). Many individuals, especially women, may be frightened by contact with any statutory agency, as they may have been told that the authorities will deport them and/or take their parents or children from them. Professionals need to be extremely sensitive to these fears when dealing with a victim or potential victim from overseas, whatever their immigration status, as they may not be aware of their true immigration position. These circumstances make them particularly vulnerable. Professionals must not allow any investigation of immigration status to impede police enquiries into an offence that may have been committed against the victim or their children. Border Force officials and police officers may choose to establish an agreement or protocol about how any two simultaneous investigations may work. 54 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation NHS Staff in England: Additional Considerations D.2.9 NHS Staff in England: Additional Considerations The FGM Information Sharing (FGM-IS)