with section 349. The appropriate officer should ensure that care is taken when the person produces the material so that the material on the computer is not, for example, deleted or corrupted. 71. In cases where an appropriate officer serves a production order in person they should complete, unless it is impracticable to do so, a list of the articles or documents removed or accessed and give a copy of it and (if appropriate, usually where an order to grant entry is made) a receipt to the owner or occupier and the subject of the order, if present, before leaving the premises. In any event, the appropriate officer should make or have made a record of the articles removed and or accessed in compliance with a production order. A copy of any such record should be given to the subject of the order and the owner or occupier within seven days of the removal of or access to the material. Order to grant entry 72. An appropriate officer should consider at the application stage if he or she considers the right to enter premises under section 347 is necessary in order to satisfy a production order to provide access to material on any premises. It might be used, for example, to enable an appropriate officer to be granted entry to a building in circumstances where a production order had been made in respect of material in a particular companyÕs office in that building. 1. 73. An order granting entry differs from a search and seizure warrant in that the order to grant entry is to require any person who appears to the appropriate officer to be entitled to grant entry to the premises to allow him to enter the premises to obtain access to the material. It does not include the power to search the premises. 1. Code of Practice laid before Parliament under section 377A(4) of the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 Search and Seizure Warrants in Civil Recovery Investigations 74. Persons to whom this part of the Code applies should familiarise themselves with the introduction section which sets out general instructions relating to all the orders and warrants. Definition 75. A search and seizure warrant is a warrant authorising an appropriate person (toÑ a) enter and search the premises specified in the application for the warrant, and b) seize and retain any material found there which is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by itself) to the investigation for the purposes of which the application is made. Persons who can apply for a search and seizure warrant 76. An application should be made by an appropriate officer. The person who is carrying out the investigation will normally make the application to the court. The search and seizure warrant should be executed by an appropriate person24. It may be the case that the same officer is both an Òappropriate officerÓ and an Òappropriate personÓ and so can undertake both roles. Statutory requirements 77. A search and