Policing. This, along with Neighbourhood Policing (in the UK), Intelligence-Led Policing, Zero Tolerance Policing and Problem Orientated Policing, make up a large proportion of the current police response to crime problems. Some of these are more prevalent in the UK or in North America, but all will be discussed here to examine how they are supposed to be a better way to address crime than what went on before. The basic idea is to get away from ‘reactionary’ crime control methods that deal with all incidents in isolation from each other (Tilley 2003, Wright 2002, although this is less so with Zero Tolerance Policing). Each has a different way of going about this, but none, as yet, seem to be an ideal answer to the question of how best to do policing in the 21st century. This chapter will be largely written from the UK perspective, although there is considerable overlap with policing developments happening in other countries as well, most notably in the US and Canada.ii THE TRADITIONAL AND THE MANAGERIAL Before we can examine the more recent developments in policing, we should first have a brief look at policing in the ‘traditional’ sense and then in the age of New Public Management. These set the stage for what was to come, as many police reformers felt that the traditional model had essentially failed and the new management practices kept the police too distant from those who were policed. The term ‘traditional’ in this sense refers to the post-war era of policing when the police worked in beats in motorised patrols, rather than the Peelian approach described earlier. A traditional approach to policing prioritises a ‘crime-fighting’ mentality in which crimes are usually handled independently of each other, and in a reactive (rather than proactive or preventative) way. Police officers mainly patrol in cars and minor infractions are seen as crimes to be pursued rather than as signs of larger social problems that need to be addressed (Manning 1997). Technology is highly prized as being essential to investigation to the extent that members of the public are often contacted electronically rather than in person. Investigation generally is seen as the epitome of police work while community activities have the lowest status. This enforcement approach to policing can have a limited impact on the crime rate and simply doing more of it (in terms of increased police budgets) does not improve this (Brogden and Nijhar 2005, Tilley 2003). Police culture tends to be viewed as orientating itself around this vision of policing (O’Neill and Singh 2007), which was seen as unproblematic until the 1970s and 1980s. Communities were becoming increasingly socially and ethnically diverse, and the crimes that affected them had varying characteristics that the police were struggling to address. Crime rates continued to rise, as did the cost of policing (Brogden and Nijhar 2005). In addition to this now largely ineffective approach to policing, police officers themselves were coming under scrutiny for their behaviour (planting evidence, abuse of suspects, taking