(1)(a)(i) is a person intentionally administering a substance to, or causing a substance to be taken by, another personÑ (a) without the consent of that other person, and (b) with the intention of causing harm (whether or not amounting to an offence) to that other person. (3) In subsection (1), the Òrelevant periodÓ means the period of 12 months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed. 76 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Offences motivated by hostility based on sex or gender 72 Response to Law Commission report on hate crime laws (1) The Secretary of State must, before the end of the period of 12 months beginning with the day on which this Act is passedÑ (a) prepare and publish a response to Recommendation 8 of the Law Commission report on hate crime (adding sex or gender as a protected characteristic for the purposes of aggravated offences and enhanced sentencing), and (b) lay the response before Parliament. (2) In this section Òthe Law Commission report on hate crimeÓ means the Law Commission report ÒHate Crime LawsÓ that was published on 7 December 2021. PART 3 PUBLIC ORDER Public processions and public assemblies 73 Imposing conditions on public processions (1) Section 12 of the Public Order Act 1986 (imposing conditions on public processions) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for the ÒorÓ at the end of paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(aa) in the case of a procession in England and Wales, the noise generated by persons taking part in the procession may result in serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the procession, (ab) in the case of a procession in England and WalesÑ (i) the noise generated by persons taking part in the procession may have a relevant impact on persons in the vicinity of the procession, and (ii) that impact may be significant, orÓ, and (b) in the words following paragraph (b), after ÒdisruptionÓ insert Ò, impactÓ. (3) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) For the purposes of subsection (1)(a), the cases in which a public procession in England and Wales may result in serious disruption to the life of the community include, in particular, whereÑ (a) it may result in a significant delay to the delivery of a time-sensitive product to consumers of that product, or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 77 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER