relate to a holder of the office ofÑ (i) police and crime commissioner, (ii) deputy police and crime commissioner, or (iii) Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime (unless the holder of that office is a member of the London Assembly), and (b) are not, or cease to be, investigated by the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct] or a police force. (2) RegulationsÑ (a) may not provide for the investigation of such complaints; but (b) must provide for police and crime panels to engage in informal resolution of such complaints. (3) This paragraph does not prevent regulations from making provision about the receipt or initial handling of qualifying complaints otherwise than by police and crime panels. (4) This paragraph does not prevent regulations from making provision aboutÑ (a) circumstances in which police and crime panels are not required to engage in informal resolution of such complaints; and (b) circumstances in which informal resolution of such complaints is to be discontinued; including provision about the determination of such matters (whether by police and crime panels or otherwise). Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Regulations about complaints and conduct matters Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 199 (5) In this ScheduleÑ (a) references to engaging in informal resolution of a complaint are references to encouraging, facilitating, or otherwise assisting in, the resolution of the complaint otherwise than by legal proceedings; and (b) references to informal resolution of a complaint are to be construed accordingly. 4 (1) This paragraph applies in relation to qualifying complaints whichÑ (a) relate to a holder of the office ofÑ (i) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, or (ii) Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime, if the holder of that office is a member of the London Assembly, and (b) are not, or cease to be, investigated by the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct] or a police force. (2) Regulations must secure that such complaints are dealt with in accordance with Part 3 of the Local Government Act 2000. Conferral of functions 5 (1) Regulations may confer functions onÑ (a) the [F207Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct], (b) a police force, (c) police and crime panels, (d) the Secretary of State, or (e) any other person. (2) That includes functions involving the exercise of a discretion. 200 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) No power to terminate holding of office or employment 6 (1) Regulations