local authorities to be members of the police and crime panel. (3) Sub-paragraph (4) or (5) applies in relation to each nomination which the Secretary of State is required to make under sub-paragraph (2). (4) If the nominee accepts the nomination, the Secretary of State must appoint the nominated councillor as a member of the panel. (5) If the nominee does not accept the nomination, the Secretary of State must nominate another person who is a councillor of a relevant local authority to be a member of the police and crime panel (and sub-paragraph (4) or this sub-paragraph applies accordingly, as if the nomination were made under sub-paragraph (2)). (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 181 (6) In complying with this paragraph in relation to the police and crime panel for a multi-authority police area, the Secretary of State must secure (as far as is reasonably practicable) that the fair representation objective is met. (7) The Òfair representation objectiveÓ referred to in sub-paragraph (6) isÑ (a) in the case of a police area which covers ten or more local authorities, the objective that each relevant local authority has only one of its councillors as a member of the panel; (b) in the case of a police area which covers nine or fewer local authorities, the objective that each relevant local authority has at least one of its councillors as a member of the panel. (8) If the Secretary of StateÑ (a) is satisfied that a relevant local authority has failed to nominate or appoint one or more of its councillors as members of the panel as mentioned in sub- paragraph (1) (b), and (b) is considering whether to exercise, has decided to exercise, or has exercised, the power under this paragraph to make a nomination, the Secretary of State may give the authority notice that the Secretary of State is satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph. (9) A notice given under sub-paragraph (8) may be withdrawn by the Secretary of State at any time. (10) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) (b) (i), it is irrelevant that a relevant local authority which has failed to nominate or appoint a councillor as a member of the panelÑ (a) may have power under any of paragraphs 6 to 9 to make a further nomination; or (b) is complying with, or has complied with, the panel arrangements relating to that panel. (11) In this paragraphÑ Òappropriate numberÓ means the number that is equal to the difference betweenÑ (a) the full complement; and (b) the number of appointed members of the panel; Òfull complementÓ means the number of appointed members which the panel is to have by virtue of paragraph 4(1)(a).