determining police and crime objectives (see section 7); (c) attendance at a meeting of the police and crime panel of the London Assembly in compliance with a requirement by the panel to do so (see section 29); (d) preparing an annual report to the policing and crime panel of the London Assembly (see section 12); (e) making recommendations in relation to the appointment of a Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis under section 42; (f) making representations in relation to the appointment of a Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis under section 45; (g) being consulted in relation to the appointment or removal of an Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, a Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, or a Commander (see sections 45, 46, 47 and 49); (h) suspending the Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, of Police of the Metropolis, or calling upon the Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, to retire or resign (see section 48); [F14(i) appointing a local auditor under section 7 of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014; (j) deciding whether to enter into a liability limitation agreement under section 14 of that Act.] (8) If a function of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime is exercisable by a person in accordance with subsection (1), (2) or (4), any property or rights vested in the Office may be dealt with by the other person in exercising the function, as if vested in that person. (9) Subsection (2) applies whether or not there is a Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. (10) The Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime is a member of the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 23 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (11) But that is subject to paragraph 4(4) of Schedule 3 (Deputy Mayor an Assembly member). (12) The appointment of the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime is subject to Schedule 4A to the Greater London Authority Act 1999. (13) For further provision about the appointment of the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime, see paragraph 4 of Schedule 3. 20 Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime: confirmation hearings (1) The Greater London Authority Act 1999 is amended in accordance with this section. (2) In section 60A (confirmation hearings etc for certain appointments by the Mayor)Ñ (a) in the title, at the end insert Ò or Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (b) in subsection (3), omit the entry relating to the chairman and vice chairman of the Metropolitan Police Authority; (c) for subsection (4) substituteÑ Ò(4) This section also applies in any case where the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime proposes to