off in the upcoming years.2 Ideally, teacher layoffs would not be necessary, allowing for an environment of mentorship between new and experienced educators. However, just as emergency funding created budget space for new educators, its absence leaves teacher reduction as the most commonly predicted budget cut among district leaders3. In the state of New York, this prediction has the potential for dire consequences. New York currently mandates a layoff policy in which teachers must be fired in the order of reverse seniority.4,5 However, this perspective is outdated and ignores current research. Frequently laying off less experienced teachers produces equity issues through widening the achievement gap. People of color are approximately 45% more likely to be early-career teachers, which disproportionately serve low- income communities and minority students.6,7 Students experiencing high teacher turnover score lower in both reading and math, especially if they were already low-performing.6 A diverse teacher workforce supports students across the board, with teachers of color significantly increasing math and reading scores alongside feelings of self-efficacy among students.8 New York threatens this potential by placing seniority at paramount importance in the face of a possible wave of layoffs while failing to consider that in doing so, they also remove teachers of color from the classroom.6 Policy Idea To resolve issues stemming from seniority-based layoffs, the New York state government should modify existing legislation. Articles 2510 and 2588 of New York State education law require teachers with the least seniority, including years of substitute and paraprofessional experience, to be laid off first in the case of a position termination.4,5 State legislators should modify the sections of these statutes describing layoff policy to eliminate seniority as the first line of discretion in determining which teacher to lay off in the case of a position termination. In order to replace this first consideration for termination, a task force should be assembled to find another consideration with more research backing from New York communities. Policy Analysis While the post-pandemic educational era is like nothing observed before, those working in school hiring policy can look to the Great Recession as a reference, since it was the latest period of mass layoffs to date.7 States and districts had to determine how to lay off teaching staff while limiting the impact on students, and this practice will likely continue following the ESSER financial cliff. States who did not use seniority- based layoffs were found to significantly increase high-school graduation rates in the long term, compared with those who did not10. When school districts were forced to look beyond seniority, they had to investigate other measures of teacher quality. New York State currently evaluates teacher performance through principal ratings, but research finds a positive slant too extreme to accurately determine real impact from most principal evaluations.11 Value-added measures, uses changes in test scores to link the presence of a given teacher to a given studentÕs improvement. These measures have strong research backing, with teachers who score highly on short-term value-added measures being linked to studentsÕ increased college