Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 293 188 (1) Section 114 (functions of responsible officer as respects reports) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1), after Ò1999 ActÓ insert Ò , or Schedule 1, 2 or 4 to the 2011 Act Ó. (3) In subsection (2), for Òa police force maintained by the authorityÓ substitute Ò the relevant police force Ó. (4) In subsection (3A), after Òrelevant authorityÓ insert Ò (except where the relevant authority is a chief officer of police) Ó. (5) For subsection (4)(b) substituteÑ Ò(b) in the case ofÑ (i) a police and crime commissioner, the commissioner and each member of the police and crime panel for the commissioner's police area; (ii) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, that Office and each member of the police and crime panel of the London Assembly; (iii) a chief officer of police, the chief officer and the elected local policing body; and (iv) any other relevant authority, each person who is at that time a member of the authority; andÓ. (6) After subsection (8) insertÑ Ò(8A) In this section Òrelevant police forceÓ, in relation to the chief finance officer of a relevant authority, meansÑ (a) in the case where the relevant authority is a chief officer of police, the police force of which that person is chief officer; (b) in any other case, the police force maintained by the relevant authority.Ó. 189 (1) Section 115 (authority's duties as regards reports) is amended as follows. (2) After subsection (1A) insertÑ Ò(1B) In the case of a report made by the chief finance officer of an elected local policing body, that body must consider the report and decide whether the body agrees or disagrees with the views contained in the report and what action (if any) the body proposes to take in consequence of it. (1C) In the case of a report made by the chief finance officer of a chief officer of police, the chief officer of police must consider the report and decide whether the chief officer of police agrees or disagrees with the views contained in the 294 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) report and what action (if any) the chief officer of police proposes to take in consequence of it. (1D) The consideration and decision-making must be concluded not later than the end of the period of 21 days beginning with the day on