22: Schematic of a typical stab test configuration 7.5.3. Guided-mass drop assembly Tests shall be performed using a guided-mass, gravity-driven, drop test assembly. In this assembly, a sabot with a knife or spike end-effector shall be raised to a pre-determined height corresponding with the test energy. The sabot shall then fall, under the influence of gravity, and strike the protective panel at a pre-determined point of impact (see Table 12 for strike placement rules). The guided rails shall prevent the sabot from rotating about its vertical axis during its descent to ensure that the knife strikes in the correct orientation (not applicable for spike). An example of a drop assembly for stab testing is given in drawing ref. M100770.30 7.5.4. Stab sabot The stab sabot (drawing ref. M100668)31 shall consist of a knife or spike holder (drawing ref. M100670) of mass 650 ± 6.5 g (including the knife or spike) which shall be housed in a casing of mass 1,250 ± 13 g (combined acceptable mass: 1,900 ± 20.5 g). The knife or spike holder shall be free to move in the vertical axis within the casing, whilst being constrained to restrict rotational movement. The casing shall be designed to ensure minimal friction between the two 30 Drawings available on request to CAST. 31 Drawings available on request to CAST. components. The stab sabot shall contain two closed-cell polyethylene foam Plastazote¨ LD33 discs behind the knife or spike holder, which act as a damper. On insertion of the knife/spike holder into the stab sabot, the discs shall remain under compression with their total thickness reduced by 5 ± 0.5 mm. The knife or spike shall be securely held within the holder to limit movement during tests. The overall stab sabot length shall be sufficient to ensure that at least 50% of it remains inside the guided drop test assembly throughout a test. An example of a stab sabot for testing to this standard is given in Figure 23. Sabot casing Damper discs Knife/spike holder Knife Figure 23: Section view through stab sabot 7.5.5. Knife The test blade shall be sourced from a Home Office approved supplier (Appendix D). It shall be manufactured in accordance with drawing reference M100598 and batch certified in accordance with the Cutlery and Allied Trades Research Association (CATRA) procedure HO/K with a value of ² 3.47 N. Prior to use, each knife shall be wiped clean with an alcohol based degreasing wipe or similar taking care not to damage the tip. A knife shall be used only once; following each stab it shall be replaced. 7.5.6. Spike The test spike shall be sourced from a Home Office approved supplier (Appendix D). It shall be manufactured in accordance with drawing reference M100634 and batch certified in accordance with the CATRA procedure HO/S with a value of ² 4.5 N. Prior to use, each spike shall be wiped clean with an alcohol based degreasing wipe or similar. A spike shall be used only once; following each stab it