(and sub-categories) Outcome description Likelihood assessment, lead department and assumptions Variation and further information Likelihood rationale Terrorist bombs - infrastructure E.g. T1 Conventional attack on main government buildings e.g. Up to 400 fatalities and partial and temporary closure of the building Likelihood rating: Lead: Home Office Regions and local areas that include significant main government buildings are at greater risk. PAGE 50 Annex 4 C: Example of an individual risk assessment Revision to Emergency Preparedness Individual risk assessment Hazard/threat category: Sub-category: Severe weather Flooding (main river) Hazard and threat description, including scale: Risk reference no. River W Ð flooding over an area of 10 square miles and 50 square miles SW1 Date of revision: Next review date: July 2011 September 2011 4C.1 4C.2 Overview of hazard or threat Flooding: o Most commonly caused by intense bursts of rain causing flash floods, or prolonged rainfall on saturated ground in river catchments, which result in rivers or other watercourses overflowing their banks. o May lead to a minor inundation of properties and road closures, or result in widespread loss of life and devastation of property necessitating the implementation of a co-ordinated recovery plan. Key historical evidence 2007 October/November - United Kingdom - prolonged severe rainfall led to the flooding of 12,000 homes nationwide. The River Ouse at York flooded hundreds of properties with estimated £400 million damages. The Aire flooded over 300 properties in Selby and Barlby and 300 at Stockbridge near Keighley. 2006 March - North Yorkshire - River Derwent burst its banks and inundated Malton and Norton forcing 200 families to abandon their homes (recurred in November 2007). 2005 April - Midlands - extensive flooding killed 5 and damaged 4,500 homes in Northamptonshire, Warwickshire and Oxfordshire. 4C.3 4C.4 Likelihood Hazard Outcome description Likelihood Flooding (main river) 10 square miles Probable (5) Flooding (main river) 50 square miles Negligible (1) Igleby appears to be experiencing more instances of all forms of flooding in recent times, in particular as building continues on several floodplains. Impact Summary Hazard Outcome description Impact Flooding (main river) 10 square miles Significant (4) Flooding (main river) 50 square miles Catastrophic (5) Details 4C.5 4C.6 4C.5 Impacts associated with floods: o Primary: • Drowning of people, pets and livestock • Major damage to property and surrounding • Closure, or washing away, of roads, bridges, railway lines • Loss of (and possible damage to) telephone, electricity, gas and water supplies. Pollution/health risks from sewerage systems, chemical stores, fuel storage tanks. Evacuation and temporary/long-term accommodation needs o Secondary: • Need for recovery strategy in aftermath of major flood • Disruption of economic life and major costs of rebuilding infrastructure • Public need for information, advice, benefits/ emergency payments • Insurance implications, including help for the uninsured • Safety assessments/possible demolition of damaged buildings and structures • Shortage/overstretch of key resources (equipment and personnel) and agencies. Overstretch of normal communication links, including mobile phones Vulnerability and resilience Areas across Igleby with a high potential for flooding based on topography and historical