subsection (3) of that section there shall be substituted— “(3A) Where a specimen of blood was taken from the accused under section 31A, evidence of the proportion of alcohol or any drug found in the specimen is not admissible on behalf of the prosecution in the proceedings unless— the specimen in which the alcohol or drug was found is one of two parts into which the specimen taken from the accused was divided at the time it was taken; and any request to be supplied with the other part which was made by the accused at the time when he gave his permission for a laboratory test of the specimen was complied with.” 120 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In section 35(3) of that Act (documentary evidence as to consent) after the words “practitioner”, in both places where it occurs, there shall be inserted “ or a registered health care professional ”. After subsection (2) of section 38 of that Act (interpretation of Chapter 1 of Part 2 of that Act) there shall be inserted— “(2A) In this Chapter “registered health care professional” means a person (other than a medical practitioner) who is— a registered nurse; or a registered member of a health care profession which is designated for the purposes of this paragraph by an order made by the Secretary of State. (2B) A health care profession is any profession mentioned in section 60(2) of the Health Act 1999 (c. 8) other than the profession of practising medicine and the profession of nursing. (2C) An order under subsection (2A)(b) shall be made by statutory instrument; and any such statutory instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.” For subsection (5) of that section there shall be substituted— “(5) For the purposes of this Chapter, a person provides a specimen of blood if and only if— he consents to the taking of such a specimen from him; and the specimen is taken from him by a medical practitioner or, if it is taken in a police station, either by a medical practitioner or by a registered health care professional.” Seizure of motor vehicles Vehicles used in manner causing alarm, distress or annoyance Where a constable in uniform has reasonable grounds for believing that a motor vehicle is being used on any occasion in a manner which— contravenes section 3 or 34 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52) (careless and