in 2014 (College of Policing, 2015). Nonetheless, there have been few empirical studies that can fully account for and describe the current public demand profile on the UK police service. Previous research that has examined citizen demand for police services has typically found that the majority of police calls (between 80% - 90%) were not directly related to crime prevention or control, but instead involved resolving disputes, noncriminal behaviour complaints and requesting public service assistance (Hill and Paynich, 2014; Johnson and Rhodes, 2009). However, whilst this statistic is strongly supported, it is important to consider the context of these calls. Her MajestyÕs Inspectorate of the Constabulary (2012) state that despite not currently being classed as crime fighting activity, at least 80% of the officers time is spent dealing with incidents that involve protecting people from becoming victims of crime or to prevent crimes occurring. Supporting this, the College of Policing (2015) have recently reported that the demand generated by public safety and welfare incidents is increasing, and within some forces represents the largest number of reported incidents. This suggests that there have been significant changes in the basic focus of policing from conventional reactive policing (i.e. crime detection and control, order maintenance, registering and investigating crime, patrolling and responding to emergency calls) to proactive community policing (HMIC, 2012; Vinod Kumar, 2014). Based on the theoretical framework of the Broken Windows theory (Wilson and Kelling, 1982), community policing seeks to address minor offences in order to prevent more serious offences and violent crime occurring (Srinivasan et al., 2013). A preventative community policing approach is said to be critical because it reduces crime and the demands that go with it (HMIC, 2012). However, whilst reduced rates of property crime (Caudill et al., 2013) and violent crime (Ratcliffe et al., 2011) provides evidence to support the prioritisation of proactive community policing (Worrall and Kovandzic, 2010), doing so also requires additional police resources at a greater cost (College of Policing, 2015Vinod Kumar, 2014). Repeat and/or demanding callers The Ôiron law of troublesome placesÕ claims that a small proportion of locations are likely to account for the majority of reported incidents of crime and disorder (Bichler et al., 2013; Wilcox and Eck, 2011). For instance, a minority of patients have been found to account for the majority of calls for the ambulance service (Edwards et al., 2014). Similarly, some Ôtroubled familiesÕ who often have many generations displaying the same problems, may require more resources than others (Home Office, n.d). Repeat and/or demanding callers can place a significant burden on emergency services in general; both in terms of time and financial resources, and many factors can influence how people interact with the police in particular. For example, community differences can strongly impact police resource requirements with urban settings associated with more public demand that rural policing (Johnson and Rhodes, 2009; Taylor Griffiths et al., 2014), with this further linked to social deprivation, low collective efficacy and cohesion (Sampson et al., 1997) Personal characteristics may also influence