end there is insertedÑ Ò(b) information contained in the warrant is treated as being received by the designated authority in a form in which it is intelligible if the authority receivesÑ (i) a summary of that information in English, and (ii) the text of the warrant itself, in a form in which it is legible.Ó Time spent in custody awaiting extradition to the United Kingdom 171 Discount on sentence for time spent in custody awaiting extradition: England and Wales In section 49 of the Prison Act 1952 (persons unlawfully at large), after subsection (3) there is insertedÑ Ò(3A) WhereÑ (a) a person is extradited to the United Kingdom from a category 1 territory for the purpose of serving a term of imprisonment or another form of detention mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, and (b) the person was for any time kept in custody in that territory with a view to the extradition (and not also for any other reason), the Secretary of State shall exercise the power under that subsection to direct that account shall be taken of that time in calculating the period for which the person is liable to be detained. (3B) In subsection (3A) of this section Òcategory 1 territoryÓ means a territory designated under the Extradition Act 2003 for the purposes of Part 1 of that Act.Ó 156 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 172 Discount on sentence for time spent in custody awaiting extradition: Scotland (1) Section 210 of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 (consideration of time spent in custody) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), after ÒUnited KingdomÓ there is inserted Ò otherwise than from a category 1 territory Ó; (b) in paragraph (c)(ii), for Òfor the purposes of this sectionÓ there is substituted Ò who was extradited to the United Kingdom otherwise than from a category 1 territory Ó. (3) After subsection (1) there is insertedÑ Ò(1A) Subsection (1B) applies whereÑ (a) a court is passing a sentence of imprisonment or detention on a person for an offence, and (b) the person is an extradited prisoner who was extradited to the United Kingdom from a category 1 territory. (1B) The court shall specifyÑ (a) the period of time spent in custody awaiting extradition, and (b) the date of commencement of the sentence in accordance with subsection (1C). (1C) The date of commencement of the sentence is to