response more accessible and effective throughout the community. This is not just good practice: the Regulations require Category 1 responders to have regard to the contribution of the voluntary sector. This includes considering how the voluntary sector can be involved at every stage, including training and exercising to respond to emergencies (paragraphs 14.4-14.8). • There are four models suggested for Category 1 responders to follow when engaging the voluntary sector effectively in order to discharge their duties at the local level (paragraphs 14.11-14.15). • Responders should be aware of the extent and range of services the voluntary sector can offer before making plans to involve them (paragraphs 14.16-14.18). • It is essential that volunteers from the voluntary sector are trained and that they are supported by the responding organisations they are helping (paragraphs 14.24-14.26). • The way Category 1 and 2 responders work with the voluntary sector at the local level is supported by consistent arrangements at other levels (paragraphs 14.27-14.30). PAGE 2 WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 14.1. In some circumstances, emergencies can overstretch the resources of the emergency services, local authorities and other local responders during the response and recovery phases of an emergency. The value of involving the voluntary sector at every stage in order to provide additional support has been demonstrated on many occasions. The delivery of their services, and their role as a link between communities and Category 1 responders, may also enable them to support the development of community resilience activities. 14.2. The voluntary sector in the United Kingdom is very large and diverse. The skills and expertise available from the voluntary sector vary from place to place. Experience shows that advance planning enables voluntary sector activity to be more integrated and effective. 14.3. The Regulations require Category 1 responders to have regard to the activities of certain voluntary organisations in the course of carrying out their emergency and business continuity planning duties.1 Category 1 responders must have regard to those voluntary sector bodies which carry out activities in the geographical area 2 for which the responder is responsible. Further explanation of the term Ôhave regard toÕ can be found in paragraphs 14.5 and 14.6. 14.4. Voluntary sector organisations are those bodies whose activities are carried out not for profit and which are not public authorities or local authorities. Under the Regulations, they become relevant voluntary organisations if they carry on any activities for the purpose of preventing emergencies, reducing, controlling or mitigating the effects of emergencies, or taking other action in connection with emergencies.3 This is a broad definition that will capture charities and other voluntary organisations. 14.1. 1 regulation 23(1) 2 Details of the devolved areas and England can be found in Chapter 2 Cooperation. 3 regulation 23(2) PAGE 3 14.5. This does not mean that Category 1 responders should work only with those voluntary sector organisations established solely for the purpose of working in the field of civil protection. Few voluntary sector bodies are established for the sole purpose