provision which applies only to specified chief constables of police forces maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 is not relevant legislative provision. Interpretation 4 In this Part Òrelevant commencement timeÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996, the time when section 2 comes into force in relation to that area; (b) in relation to the metropolitan police district, the time when section 4 comes into force. PART 2 INITIAL TRANSFER FROM POLICE AUTHORITIES Transfer of property, rights and liabilities 5 (1) At the relevant commencement time, all property, rights and liabilities which immediately before that time were property, rights and liabilities of the existing police authority for a police area are to transfer to, and by virtue of this paragraph vest in, the new policing body for that police area. (2) This paragraph does not apply to any rights or liabilities under a contract of employment (which are dealt with in paragraph 6). (2) 238 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Transfer of staff 6 (1) Subject to sub-paragraphs (5) and (6), this paragraph applies to any person who immediately before the relevant commencement time is a member of the staff of the existing police authority for a police area (the Òexisting employerÓ). (2) A contract of employment between a person to whom this paragraph applies and the existing employer is to have effect from the relevant commencement time as if originally made between that person and the new policing body for the police area in relation to which the existing employer was established (the Ònew employerÓ). (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not break the continuity of a person's employment and accordingly such a person's period of employment with the existing employer counts as a period of employment with the new employer for the purposes of the Employment Rights Act 1996. (4) Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (2)Ñ (a) all the existing employer's rights, powers, duties and liabilities under or in connection with a contract to which that sub-paragraph applies are by virtue of this paragraph transferred to the new employer at the relevant commencement time; and (b) anything done before that date by or in relation to the existing employer in respect of that contract or the employee shall be deemed from that date to have been done by or in relation to the new employer. (5) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (4) are without prejudice to any right of a member of staff to terminate the contract of employment if a substantial change is made to the person's detriment in the person's working conditions; but no such right arises by reason only of the change in employer effected by this