expected to sit the national investigators exam. Exam Failures Wiltshire Police will adopt the changes to the College of Policing rules: If a candidate fails the NIE a second time then a development meeting MUST take place to identify any issues, consideration by both parties given to whether the process is the right pathway at that time for that individual. Candidates can be withdrawn or entered for a further NIE. If a third fail is registered then management intervention is required. Police Officer Police officers will be provided with a support plan following their second unsuccessful attempt at the exam. This will detail the personal responsibility of the officer and the supportive commitments of the line manager in order that the individual improves their performance and/or completes the specified element of the ICIDP programme. If a police officer is unsuccessful on their third attempt of the exam then management intervention will occur. This may result in the candidate going to the Resource Management Panel (RMP), following a discussion between them and their line manager for reposting in line with the current terms and conditions of RMP. Removal from the ICIDP will not automatically mean that the police officer is subject to an Unsatisfactory Performance Process (UPP), but it will be considered dependent on circumstances on a case by case process. Police staff If a police staff member meets the criteria set out for removal from ICIDP then they will follow the Capability Procedure. Police staff members will be required to attend a stage 1 capability meeting in the following circumstances: their second unsuccessful exam attempt. A possible outcome from stage 1 is a support plan which will detail the individualsÕ and managementÕs responsibilities to gaining the ICIDP qualification. Discussion will also take place as to the individualsÕ suitability to remain on this pathway or to look for an alternative role. It is key to highlight that the capability process is not meant to be punitive, but is to provide a structured approach to supporting progress with performance. The support plans, whether informal or formal, are there to provide the member of staff with clarity on expectations of what and how. The managers will work closely with the member of staff to support them achieving the requirements of their role. Individuals looking for alternative roles would need to be competent in that role through a selection or skills match process. If agreeable, individuals would be redeployed into an alternative role if it is vacant. Escalation to stage 2 capability hearing would occur if an individual is unsuccessful for a third time. This would be a breach of their stage 1 and possible outcomes from stage 2 include dismissal. Both Officers and Staff If an individual refuses to undertake any elements pertaining to the ICIDP qualification then the reasons for this refusal will be explored and consideration will be given for having this refusal and the reasons for doing so assessed through the conduct process. Appropriate action may then be taken either