amendment with the intention of preventing its disclosure. 2.4 Disclosure Under Data Protection legislation, an individual is only entitled to their own personal information, held by a data controller. The decision maker will review records located as a result of their research and will remove any information which relates to a third party, any information which is tactically sensitive or any information which falls within an exemption under the legislation. This redaction of PDF documents will be as per the Redacting Personal Data Procedure to ensure that any electronically disclosed material will not be able to be un-redacted by the recipient. Completed disclosures will be tasked to the FDU administrator who will format the documents and return to the relevant decision maker. Disclosure will be made via Egress. Hard copy disclosure will only be made in exceptional circumstances. If the Data Subject specifies no preference at the time of making their request, response will be made via Egress. If the decision maker is unsure of the means of communication then contact should be made with the applicant. If the only option is hard copy disclosures, this will be sent to the applicant via special delivery to ensure safe receipt of the requested information. Such delivery method will require the applicant to be available to sign for the delivery. The cost of providing information by this method will be charged to the applicant. The minimum cost for special delivery is £6.50 (this charge increases to £7.30 for larger parcels) and this fee will be applied to all requests involving postal delivery. Data Subjects can choose to collect their disclosure from any of the Force enquiry offices. This preference must be specified to the FDU prior to the disclosure being made. The decision maker or FDU workflow coordinator will arrange with the respective enquiry office to have the information internally sent via Egress. The Data Subject will need to show valid original identification prior to collecting the disclosure and may be required to sign a receipt to indicate that the disclosure has been collected. A copy of the completed response will be held in the ÔSharePointÕ folder for a maximum of 36 months (2 years plus current year) from disclosure from the date the request is closed in line with our retention schedule. There is no requirement to translate the information we hold into another language as the applicant has poor English comprehension skills. You are only required to send a response which can be understood by the average person. However, it is good practice to help individuals understand the information we hold about them. Can we provide the information verbally? If an individual asks, you can provide the response to their SAR verbally, provided that you have confirmed their identity by other means. You should keep a record of the date you responded and what information you provided. This is most likely to be appropriate if they have requested a small amount of information. You are not obliged to provide information