under subsection (1), the justice may issue a summons to answer to the complaint. The summons shall be directed to— the person on whom the closure notice was served under section 19(3); and any other person on whom the closure notice was served under section 19(5) (a). Where a summons is served in accordance with subsections (4) and (5), a notice stating the date, time and place at which the complaint will be heard shall be served on all persons on whom the closure notice was served under section 19(4) and (5)(b). The procedure on a complaint for a closure order shall (except as otherwise provided) be in accordance with the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1980 (c. 43). Closure orders On hearing a complaint made under section 20(1), the court may make such order as it considers appropriate if it is satisfied that— the closure notice was served under section 19(3); and Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 19 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the premises continue to be used for the [F66unauthorised sale of alcohol] for consumption on, or in the vicinity of, the premises or there is a reasonable likelihood that the premises will be so used in the future. An order under this section may, in particular, require— the premises in respect of which the closure notice was served to be closed immediately to the public and to remain closed until a constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned makes a certificate under section 22(1); the use of the premises for the [F67unauthorised sale of alcohol] for consumption on, or in the vicinity of, the premises to be discontinued immediately; any defendant to pay into court such sum as the court determines and that the sum will not be released by the court to that person until the other requirements of the order are met. An order of the kind mentioned in subsection (2)(a) may, in particular, include such conditions as the court considers appropriate relating to— the admission of persons onto the premises; the access by persons to another part of any building or other structure of which the premises form part. The complainant shall, as soon as practicable after the making of an order under this section, give notice of the order by fixing a copy of it in a conspicuous position on the premises in respect of which it was made. A sum which has been ordered to be paid into court under this section shall be paid to the [F68designated