payments, for example mortgage repayments or child maintenance payments; and Deliberately frustrating the sale of shared assets, or the closure of joint accounts or mortgages. Economic abuse can make a victim economically dependent on the perpetrator, and/or create economic instability, thereby limiting their ability to escape and access safety. This can result in a victim staying with a perpetrator and experiencing more abuse and harm as a result. Some forms of economic abuse may take place or persist after the victim has separated from the perpetrator. Children can experience the effects of economic abuse; this includes where it creates an environment where they lack essentials, and which may in cases escalate to severe forms of deprivation or child poverty. A nationally representative survey on the impact of economic abuse highlighted that 57% of victims of economic abuse were in or had been in debt, 26% had a negatively impacted credit score, and 25% had experienced abuse related to spending and credit, Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance such as having debt put in their name without their knowledge, or due to coercion.37 The organisation Surviving Economic Abuse, in partnership with Money Advice Plus, has created a guide to understanding economic abuse for victims. Emotional or psychological abuse Domestic abuse often involves emotional or psychological abuse. Some of these behaviours will also be controlling or coercive behaviour. Emotional or psychological abuse can include: Manipulating a person’s anxieties or beliefs or abusing a position of trust; Hostile behaviours or silent treatment as part of a pattern of behaviour to make the victim feel fearful; Being insulted, including in front of others. This includes insulting someone about their race, sex or gender identity, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, disability, age, faith or belief or undermining an individual’s ability to parent or ability to work; Repeatedly being belittled; Keeping a victim awake/preventing them from sleeping; Using violence or threats towards assistance dogs and pets to intimidate the victim and cause distress, including threatening to harm the animal as well as controlling how the owner is able to care for the animal; Threatening to harm third parties (for example family, friends or colleagues); Using social media sites to intimidate the victim; and Persuading a victim to doubt their own sanity or mind (including ‘gaslighting’). Verbal abuse Verbal abuse may amount to emotional or psychological abuse, threatening behaviour, or controlling or coercive behaviour. Examples include: Repeated yelling and shouting; Abusive, insulting, threatening or degrading language; Verbal humiliation either in private or in company; Being laughed at and being made fun of; and Discriminating against someone or mocking them about their disability, sex or gender identity, gender reassignment, religion or faith belief, sexual orientation, age, physical appearance etc. 37 Butt, E. Know economic abuse: 2020 Report: Refuge: 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Technology-facilitated abuse Perpetrators can use technology, including social media to abuse victims. This can happen during and after the relationship. A representative survey conducted by Refuge found that one in six women experiencing at