that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 10 The Secretary of State may by written notice dismiss a member other than the chair or deputy chair on the ground thatÑ (a) the member has been adjudged bankrupt, has been made the subject of a debt relief order (under Part 7A of the Insolvency Act 1986) or has made an arrangement with creditors, or (b) in the opinion of the Secretary of State the member is unable, unfit or unwilling to perform the functions of a member. Procedure 11 (1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2), the review body shall determine its own procedure. (2) The Secretary of State may give directions to the review body as to its procedure, including in particular directions aboutÑ (a) the persons from whom the review body is to obtain evidence; (b) the procedure for obtaining evidence. (3) The validity of proceedings of the review body is not affected byÑ (a) a vacancy in its membership (including a vacancy in the position of chair); (b) a defect in a person's appointment. Matters to be considered 12 The Secretary of State may give directions to the review body about the matters that it is to consider when making decisions. Consultation 13 (1) The Secretary of State shall consult with the persons and bodies listed in sub- paragraph (2), and any others that the Secretary of State thinks fit, beforeÑ (a) making or revising a determination under paragraph 2; (b) issuing or revising a statement of principles under paragraph 4; (c) giving or revising a direction under paragraph 11(2) or 12. (2) The persons and bodies areÑ (a) the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland; (b) persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the views of chief officers of police and of the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland; (c) persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the interests of members of police forces; (d) persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the interests of members of the Police Service of Northern Ireland; (e) persons whom the Secretary of State considers to represent the views of the persons and bodies who between them maintain the police forces in England and Wales; (f) the Northern Ireland Policing Board. (3) The Minister shall consult with the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland before exercising a power of dismissal under paragraph 8, 9 or 10. (2) 222 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Powers to seize invalid passports etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the