purpose of enquiring into charges referred to them. Problem under consideration Closing a loophole in existing law 6. It is not currently a criminal offence to possess a knife or an offensive weapon within prison. Section 1(4) of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953 and section 139(7) of the Criminal Justice Act 1988, the term Òpublic placeÓ includes any place to which the public have, or are permitted access. A prison does not fall within the definition of a public place in section 139(7). Prisons naturally have issues with violence at least equivalent to those experienced in the community, and so should adopt at least the maximum punishment available in the community. 7. Whilst possession of an offensive weapon is currently dealt with as a disciplinary offence within prison (for possession of an unauthorised item) the maximum penalty for the internal disciplinary offence is 42 added days served in prison compared to the four yearsÕ custodial maximum for the equivalent offences in the community.1 It is important that we address that disparity and strengthen the available options to punish offenders to ensure consistency with existing offences committed in public places. 8. Gang members in the community are more likely to carry weapons than other young people and the Ministry of Justice recognises that a tough legislative framework is vital to stop weaponsÕ carrying and supply in the community. The law has been strengthened by introducing new offences of threatening with a knife or offensive weapon possession for those who carry a knife or offensive weapon in a public place or in a school and go on to threaten and cause an immediate risk of serious physical harm to another person (Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 which inserted section 139AA of the Criminal Justice Act 1988). Prison often mirrors society and gang and extremist activity is common within many prison and young offender establishments. As such, the culture of weapon-enabled violence in prisons needs to be tackled with strong action and an appropriate criminal offence. 9. Prisons already have in place a comprehensive range of robust searching techniques and security measures to detect weapons at the point of entry or concealed within the establishment and to provide a deterrent effect. Such measures include basic and enhanced rub down searching and full searching of prisoners, staff and visitors, as appropriate, the use of x-ray machines and CCTV surveillance cameras, the use of metal detectors and body orifice scanners which can detect metallic items concealed internally. Routine and intelligence-led searching of living accommodation and communal areas is also widely deployed. 10. NOMS does not tolerate violence of any kind in prison and takes any instance extremely seriously. Robust action is already taken by prisons, in instances in which weapons are found or assaults are committed. For example, prisoners may be subject to adjudication/disciplinary procedures and may be segregated, and criminal prosecution may be pursued where violence involving weapons is used, where possible. The introduction of the new offence will