pivotal in promoting the policy through federal avenues. The policy can receive added assistance from the American Cancer Society National Colorectal Cancer Roundtable, an organization that supports policy action in key issues surrounding CRC by increasing public awareness and sharing implementation strategies from healthcare organizations.21 Additionally, congressional support for federal screening services, such as the House Ways and Means CommitteeÕs unanimous passage of multi-cancer early detection bill H.R. 2407 that continues to gain momentum to potentially be passed in Congress, demonstrates such policiesÕ viability.22 To ensure proper allocation of the self-service kiosks, the CRCCP should conduct pilot trials to determine which high-traffic areas are optimal and convenient for their target populations; the CRCCP can further place machines in prior kiosksÕ locations, such as Òfood banks, transit stations, churches, schools, and libraries.Ó23 In addition, these pilot programs should develop culturally competent FIT kits that minimize language barriers, are comprehensible for a wide audience, and provide simple instructions for comfortable screenings. The aforementioned community outreach groups can also play a vital role in highlighting community residentsÕ perceptions and potential methods for improving screening outcomes, leading to the programÕs overall expansion and refinement. Healthcare organizations can assist in forming advisory boards by directly hosting meetings in local communities and engaging minority residents, ensuring that their input is applied to the screenings and will benefit those specific areas. There are several other practical considerations for the programÕs operation. If modeled off of prior testing kiosks, the maintenance of automated CRC screening kiosks should be minimal given the high proportion of FIT kits in each machine and few costs associated with the actual tests.23 In addition, the kiosk administration should coordinate with laboratories that already process FIT kits or create new centralized laboratory settings to process incoming stool samples.16 After the kit has been tested, creating a follow-up process that minimizes participantsÕ potential emotional strain in the case of positive results will be crucial. Therefore, trained community health workers from partnered health organizations should deliver positive FIT results in the manner most preferred by the participant and inform them of accessible colonoscopy options if necessary.16 Overall, proper implementation of this policy through a wide array of constituent support will lead to diminished CRC racial disparities. Works Cited [1] ÒColorectal cancer.Ó 2023. World Health Organization (WHO). https://www.who.int/news- room/fact-sheets/detail/colorectal- cancer. [2] ÒColorectal Cancer Rates Higher in African Americans, Rising in Younger People.Ó 2020. American Cancer Society. https://www.cancer.org/cancer/lates t-news/colorectal-cancer-rates- higher-in-african-americans-ri sing-in-younger-people.html. [3] Shiman, Lauren J., Fatoumata Diallo, Christina I. Nieves, Brandon Brooks, Rachel Dannefer, Sheena Dorvil, Maria Lejano, and Jennifer Pierre. 2023. ÒBe honest and gain trustÓ: a population health study to understand the factors associated with building trust in local government related to COVID-19 and vaccination in three historically disinvested neighborhoods in New York City.Ó Frontiers in Public Health 11:1285152. https://doi.org/10.3389/fpubh.2023. 1285152. [4] Brenner, Hermann, and Chen Chen. 2018. ÒThe Colorectal Cancer Epidemic: Challenges and Opportunities for Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Prevention.Ó British Journal of Cancer 119:785-792. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41416-018- 0264-x. [5] Ajufo, Afomachukwu, Aisha O. Adigun, Majed Mohammad,