• store and display fireworks in appropriate containers, display cabinets; • keep all fireworks in a dry place; • do not store an excessive amount of fireworks either in the shop or stockroom and do not store more than your licence permits; • do not store the fireworks near other articles that could spread the fire; • do not store fireworks near an escape route; • exclude sources of ignition and in particular, stop people smoking anywhere near the fireworks; and • avoid all unnecessary handling of fireworks; • Further guidance on the storage and sale of fireworks is available on the DTI website www.dti.gov.uk/fireworks. Aerosols Some aerosols can contain flammable products stored at pressure and they can present a high level of hazard. When ignited they can explode, produce fireballs and rocket to distances of 40m. Their presence in premises can make it unsafe for firefighters to enter a building and they have the potential for starting multiple fires. The following should be considered to reduce these risks: • All staff involved in the movement, storage and display of aerosol cans should be adequately instructed, trained and supervised. • Damaged and leaking aerosol cans should be removed immediately to a safe, secure, well ventilated place prior to disposal. Powered vehicles should not be used to move damaged stock, unless specially adapted for use in flammable atmospheres. Arrangements should be made for disposal at a licenced waste management facility. 1.4 Equipment and machinery Common causes of fire in equipment are: • allowing ventilation points to become clogged or blocked, causing overheating; • inadequate cleaning of heat-shrink packaging equipment, such as that used in in-store bakeries; • allowing extraction equipment in catering environments to build up excessive grease deposits; • misuse or lack of maintenance of cooking equipment and appliances; and • disabling or interfering with automatic or manual safety features and cut-outs. All machinery, apparatus and office equipment should be properly maintained by a competent person. Appropriate signs and instructions on safe use may be necessary. Heating Individual heating appliances require particular care if they are to be used safely, particularly those which are kept for emergency use during a power cut or as supplementary heating during severe weather. The greatest risks arise from lack of maintenance and staff unfamiliarity with them. Heaters should preferably be secured in position when in use and fitted with a fire guard if appropriate. As a general rule, convector or fan heaters should be preferred to radiant heaters because they present a lower risk of fire and injury. The following rules should be observed: • All heaters should be kept well clear of combustible materials and where they do not cause an obstruction. • Heaters which burn a fuel should be sited away from draughts. • Portable fuel burning heaters (including bottled gas (LPG)) should only be used in exceptional circumstances and if shown to be acceptable in your risk assessment. All gas heating appliances should be used only in accordance with manufacturerÕs instructions