Secretary of State may by order modify this Act so as to add or remove a person or description of person to or from section 1(2) of this Act; and may make such provision connected with that modification as he thinks fit. The Secretary of State shall not make an order under subsection (1) above unless it appears to him that the person to be added (or, as the case may be, each person of the description to be added) is one whose functions or activities are such that the person is likely, in the course of carrying them out, to have to deal with emergency circumstances. Before making an order under subsection (1) above which relates to Wales the Secretary of State must consult the National Assembly for Wales. The Secretary of State may not make an order under subsection (1) above which relates to Northern Ireland without the consent of any Northern Ireland department with responsibility for the emergency circumstances to which the persons being added or removed, or persons of the description being added or removed, respond. An order under subsection (1) above is to be made by statutory instrument. No such order shall be made unless a draft of it has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament. Repeals Section 44(3) and (4) of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004 (c. 21) shall cease to have effect. Short title, commencement and extent This Act may be cited as the Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006. This Act (except this section) comes into force on such day as the Secretary of State may, by order made by statutory instrument, appoint and different days may be so appointed for different purposes. This Act extends to England and Wales and Northern Ireland. Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) 5 Document Generated: 2024-05-08 Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006. (See end of Document for details) [F9(4) The following extend to Scotland— sections 1 to 4 so far as they relate to obstructing or hindering a Ministry of Defence fire-fighter or a person assisting such a fire-fighter, and this section.] 6 Emergency Workers (Obstruction) Act 2006 (c. 39) Document Generated: 2024-05-08 Moving beyond “Best Practice”: Experiences in Police Reform and a Call for Evidence to Reduce Officer- Involved Shootings By ROBIN S. ENgEL, HANNAH D. McMANuS, and gABRIELLE T. ISAzA In post-Ferguson America, police departments are being challenged to implement evidence-based changes in policies and training to reduce fatal police-citizen encounters. Of the litany of recommendations believed to reduce police shootings, five have garnered wide- spread support: body-worn cameras, de-escalation training, implicit bias training, early intervention sys- tems, and civilian oversight. These highly endorsed interventions, however, are not supported by a strong body of empirical evidence that demonstrates their effectiveness. guided by the available research on evidence-based policing and informed by the firsthand experience of one of the authors in implementing departmental reforms