specified in sub-paragraph (2) in respect of the person. (2) Those orders are— a supervision order (see Part 2 of this Schedule); a detention order (see Part 3 of this Schedule). F74(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Before making an application under paragraph 1(1)(b) the injunction applicant must consult— the youth offending team consulted under section 38(1) or 39(5) in relation to the injunction, and any other person previously so consulted. In considering whether and how to exercise its powers under this paragraph, the court must consider a report made to assist the court in that respect by the youth offending team referred to in sub-paragraph (4)(a). An order under sub-paragraph (1) may not be made in respect of a person aged 18 or over. The court may not make a detention order under sub-paragraph (1) unless it is satisfied, in view of the severity or extent of the breach, that no other power available to the court is appropriate. Where the court makes a detention order under sub-paragraph (1) it must state in open court why it is satisfied as specified in sub-paragraph (7). In this Schedule— “ defaulter ”, in relation to an order under this Schedule, means the person in respect of whom the order is made; “ injunction applicant ”, in relation to an injunction under Part 4 or an order under this Schedule made in respect of such an injunction, means the person who applied for the injunction; F75 ... 172 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Part 2 Supervision orders Supervision orders (1) A supervision order is an order imposing on the defaulter one or more of the following requirements— a supervision requirement; an activity requirement; a curfew requirement. Before making a supervision order the court must obtain and consider information about the defaulter's family circumstances and the likely effect of such an order on those circumstances. Before making a supervision order imposing two or more requirements, the court must consider their mutual compatibility. The court must ensure, as far as practicable, that any requirement imposed by a supervision order is such as to avoid— any conflict with the defaulter's religious beliefs, any interference with the times, if any, at which the defaulter normally works or attends school or any other educational establishment, and any conflict with