must be made to the Home Office electronically using the designated application portal. For detailed advice on how to apply, please consult the Home Office Guidance for the application for a section 5 authority for prohibited weapons and ammunition. 3.10 References in the remainder of the guide to the Home Office should also be taken to mean the Scottish Government unless otherwise stated. Exemptions from the requirement to obtain the Secretary of StateÕs authority to possess prohibited items are set out in paragraphs 3.18 to 3.23. 3.11 Before a decision is made concerning a particular application for an authority, the chief officer of police in the area from which the application has been received will be asked if they have any objections to the grant of the authority. If an authority is granted, it will be sent to the applicant and copied to the chief officer. As a matter of policy, the Secretary of State will normally only grant authorities for those with a legitimate commercial need to possess prohibited weapons, rather than for private use or speculative business interest. The chief officer will be informed of any case in which an authority is refused or revoked. 3.12 The Secretary of State is responsible for granting authority, but will rely on information from, and the opinion of, the chief officer of police when reaching a decision. Prohibited weapons are subject to a more stringent control than other firearms and authority to possess or deal in such weapons is granted only if good reason is shown. The authority may restrict the holder to a particular category of prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition and specify the range of transactions, which may be undertaken. Chief officers should report any circumstances that might justify revoking an authority to the Home Office or the Scottish Government. 26 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 3.13 When an application for renewal of an authority is received, the Home Office or the Scottish Government will again seek the views of the police. It is essential, therefore, that applications for renewal are made well in advance of the expiry date. 3.14 Prohibited weapons and ammunition are included in the definitions of ÔfirearmÕ and ÔammunitionÕ in section 57 of the 1968 Act and are therefore subject to the restrictions applicable to other types of firearm and ammunition. No firearm certificate should be granted in respect of any weapon or ammunition to which section 5 of the 1968 Act applies unless authority for its possession has been given by the Secretary of State or they are exempt. If any person applies for a certificate for a prohibited weapon or ammunition already in their possession where they are neither exempt nor able to produce the original, valid authority from the Secretary of State, the application should be refused and the individual required to surrender the weapon or ammunition immediately. 3.15 Where a person has been authorised by the Secretary of State to have possession of a prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition, the chief