less than 10mm. 8. 68. As a general principal, such a unit should be protected from the weather. The provision of a weather resistant surround, e.g. timber building, could reduce the necessary maintenance and assist in reducing the internal temperature variations which such metal enclosures generate. 69. The general principles applying to the fabrication of a steel armoury are: a) constructed from mild steel plate to BSEN 10025-1:2004 or equivalent; b) welding to be completed to a Welding Approved Accredited Recognised Standard such as BS EN IS0 9606-1:2013 or equivalent; c) each unit should be fitted with strong, steel channels securely welded to the base. At four points, suitably-spaced holes should be drilled through the channel and the adjacent parts of the steel base. The diameter of these holes should be just sufficient to accept a 20mm diameter bolt. The unit should stand on a base of good quality concrete at least 300mm thick. The 20mm rag bolts should be fixed firmly to a depth of at least 150mm. The threaded upper ends of the bolts should pass through the holes in the steel channel and terminate just below the wooden floor level. The concrete base should be thoroughly cured before fixing the unit in position, otherwise distortion can occur and doors may not fit properly. d) the opening for the door should be stiffened by steel angles of not less than 50mm x 50mm x 6mm welded to the walls so that, when the door is closed, its inner surfaces meet at the top and at the vertical sides for a distance of about 20mm inwards from the edge. Alternatively, the horizontal parts of the framework maybe stiffened by a steel bar, 10mm to 15mm thick, welded to the inner surface of the roof and, at each end, to the walls on either side of the door. e) the door should be of a minimum 10mm thick steel plate and should be stiffened by the provision of steel angles or channel (50mm x 50mm x 6mm) welded to the inner surfaces of the door as close to the four edges as possible. The angle should be continuous and unbroken. f) the door should hang by means of robust steel hinges continuously welded both to the door and to the door surround. The hinges may be fitted internally or externally; g) for doors with external hinges, hinge bolts should be provided. Hinge bolts should be continuously welded to the inner surface at the hinge side of the door and extend to a distance of at least 20mm behind the door surround. When the door is in a closed position, the hinge bolts should fit snugly against the door surround. The bolts to be of not less than 20mm by 40mm cross-sectional. The upper bolts should be positioned at or above the level of the hinge; with lower hinge bolts at or below the level of the lower hinge. The number of hinge bolts fitted should be dependent on the height