held, a lawful purpose is established. Generally, if the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for the following purposes; law enforcement, a legal obligation, the administration of justice, the safeguarding of children and of individuals at risk, a contract or the data subject has given consent then the processing will be lawful (for more information see the Data Protection Policy). The Management of Police Information (MoPI) guidance applies to records held within the business areas of crime, intelligence, custody, domestic violence, child abuse investigation, firearms revocations and refusals. There will be additional business areas to which the MoPI principles are to be applied. However, information that is ancillary to a Law Enforcement Purpose (i.e. personnel, finance etc.) is not included under MoPI. Historical data is defined in MoPI as anything recorded prior to April 2006. The back record conversion (BRC) of historical data held for a policing purpose will be prioritised based on risk. Low priority historical data, where the cost of BRC greatly outweighs the potential risk, will remain subject to time-based disposal, where applicable. Record Creation Good quality information collected, recorded, evaluated, shared, reviewed, retained and disposed of is essential to support our policing and organisational objectives. It is essential that our information can be shared with and used confidently by other Forces and agencies. The Force and OPCC will comply with APP by ensuring information entered onto a record (paper or IT based) conforms to the following: * information is recorded for Law Enforcement Purposes * information is recorded in the appropriate format for the business area in which it is held * information is recorded according to the data quality principles Ð accurate, adequate, relevant and timely * checks are made to avoid creating duplicate records * links are made to existing records * correct GSC marking is used Compliance with APP on record creation and local Data Quality standards is the responsibility of everyone who enters new data onto police databases. This important principle should be conveyed and reinforced in initial training and in subsequent practice. It will be the line managerÕs responsibility to carry out regular dip samples to check that their staff record information to the required standard. Where the standard is not being met, feedback should be given, and where necessary, appropriate training or guidance arranged using the Personal Development Review process. Each operational/business area will have in place clearly worded and effectively disseminated procedures, rules and conventions relating to each police system/process in that area. These procedures will take into account the legislative and regulatory environments in which the operational/business area works and include controls to ensure each record is created using the appropriate templates, forms or database. Information received from other agencies will be treated and evaluated as a piece of intelligence. Storage All records created by Wiltshire Police and OPCC employees or service provider staff for a work purpose remain the property of Wiltshire Police and OPCC. They must be searchable and retrievable in