etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes to the carrying out by those persons of the functions for the purposes of which the powers are conferred. Accreditation under community safety accreditation schemes This section applies where a chief officer of police has, for the purposes of a community safety accreditation scheme, entered into any arrangements with any employer for or with respect to the carrying out of community safety functions by employees of that employer. The chief officer of police may, on the making of an application for the purpose by such person and in such manner as he may require, grant accreditation under this section to any employee of the employer. Schedule 5 (which sets out the powers that may be conferred on accredited persons) shall have effect. A chief officer of police shall not grant accreditation to a person under this section unless he is satisfied— that that person’s employer is a fit and proper person to supervise the carrying out of the functions for the purposes of which the accreditation is to be granted; that the person himself is a suitable person to exercise the powers that will be conferred on him by virtue of the accreditation; that that person is capable of effectively carrying out the functions for the purposes of which those powers are to be conferred on him; and that that person has received adequate training for the exercise of those powers. [F429(4A) A chief officer of police may not grant accreditation under this section to a weights and measures inspector.] A chief officer of police may charge such fee as he considers appropriate for one or both of the following— 98 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes considering an application for or for the renewal of an accreditation under this section; granting such an accreditation. A person authorised or required to do anything by virtue of an accreditation under this section— shall not be authorised or required by virtue of that accreditation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the