notice (including its effect under section 243A(2A), 244(1ZA) or 244ZA(3)), (b) why the Secretary of State is of the requisite opinion, and (c) the prisonerÕs right to make representations (see subsection (12)). (7) A notice given under subsection (4)Ñ (a) takes effect at whichever is the earlier ofÑ (i) the time when it is received by the prisoner, and (ii) the time when it would ordinarily be received by the prisoner, and (b) remains in force untilÑ (i) the Secretary of State refers the prisonerÕs case to the Board under this section, or (ii) the notice is revoked. (8) The Secretary of StateÑ (a) may revoke a notice given under subsection (4), and (b) must do so if the Secretary of State is no longer of the requisite opinion. (9) If a notice given under subsection (4) is in force and the prisoner would but for the notice have become entitled as mentioned in subsection (1)(a)Ñ (a) the prisoner may apply to the High Court on the ground that the prisonerÕs release has been delayed by the notice for longer than is reasonably necessary in order for the Secretary of State to complete the referral of the prisonerÕs case to the Board, and (a) 144 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the High Court, if satisfied that that ground is made out, must by order revoke the notice. (10) At any time before the Board disposes of a reference under this section, the Secretary of StateÑ (a) may rescind the reference, and (b) must do so if the Secretary of State is no longer of the requisite opinion. (11) If the reference is rescinded, the prisoner is no longer to be treated as one whose case has been referred to the Board under this section (but this does not have the effect of reviving the notice under subsection (4)). (12) The prisoner may make representations to the Secretary of State about the referral, or proposed referral, of the prisonerÕs case at any time after being notified under subsection (4) and before the Board disposes of any ensuing reference under this section. But the Secretary of State is not required to delay the referral of the prisonerÕs case in order to give an opportunity for such representations to be made. 244ZC Proceedings following reference under section 244ZB (1) This section applies to a prisoner whose case has been referred to the Parole Board under section 244ZB. (2) If,