trainer to ensure that the studentÕs technique in a dynamic scenario demonstrates a continuing level of competence. JRFT and health screening Every officer will have to successfully complete the multistage bleep test (JRFT) during their Personal Safety Training. This is a mandatory test. If for medical reasons an officer is unable to complete or take part in the multistage bleep test, then a referral to OHU will be requested through their line manager. OHU will then assess the officer to see if they can undergo the JRFT, or they undergo the alternative fitness test (Chester Treadmill test) When given a date for PST, All Police Officers and Police Staff will go to the joining instructions and complete the medical questionnaire and forward it to the Occupational Health Unit (OHU). This will be done at least four weeks prior to the course date. Failure to complete the questionnaire and send it to OHU prior to attendance on the day may lead to the officer being returned to station and line management being informed. If the test is failed, the officer WILL NOT be allowed to proceed with PST and will be returned to station. The line manager will be notified and will take the appropriate action to support the officer, make an OHU referral and review capability for frontline work. This will be risk assessed on a case by case basis. We do not require the police staff to carry out the fitness test prior to PST but the health screening is required in order to take part. On arrival at People Development, during the briefing prior to commencing the PST, any Police Officer or Police Staff will be required to inform the training staff prior to training if there is a change in their medical condition or they have an injury since completing the medical questionnaire. It will be the discretion of the training staff if they are allowed to continue with the training. Staff attending training, having not completed this process, or disclosing an injury/condition on the day that would prevent them taking part, will be returned to their stations and line management informed. InstructorÕs liability Training staff are not able to make decisions in relation to any officer or staff memberÕs ongoing medical condition. If an officer arrives at a training day with an existing injury then in conjunction with the training staff a decision will be made as to whether they should continue training or be referred to Occupational Health or their supervisor. Training staff have the discretion to refuse to train an officer or staff member if they consider that they are not fit enough to complete the training without undue risk of injury to health. Training staff will be in charge of the training session, irrespective of rank and will have the discretion to terminate the training, or an individualÕs participation in it, if they consider it to be necessary. If appropriate then a report will be submitted to the individualÕs supervisor via the OSPO