needs a combination of policies, standards, procedures, guidelines, appropriate organisational structure, physical security considerations, and measures to safeguard the ICT network infrastructure and information systems. This policy contains a summary of the expectations from all users of the ForceÕs systems and applications. Where relevant, links to more detailed guidance will be provided. This Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) is part of a wider Information Security Policy Framework (ISPF) which governs the security principles that applies to the use of the ForceÕs systems and the ISPF should be read in conjunction with this document. APPLICABILITY This policy is applicable to all systems and applications used by Wiltshire Police and the OPCC and applies to all Police Officers, Police and OPCC Staff, Special Constables, Volunteers and all contracted third parties, whether they are working from Wiltshire Police/OPCC premises, Shared (Partner) premises, any office, remote location, home address, or whilst working remotely. 2. ACCEPTABLE USE OF FORCE SYSTEMS The standards of behaviour and the integrity of those who work within the police service are constantly under close scrutiny. It is imperative that Wiltshire Police Officers and Wiltshire Police/OPCC Staff conduct their business in a way which maintains public confidence. Information is provided to Wiltshire Police and the OPCC via a number of sources and there is a legal requirement that this information will be treated confidentially and only accessed for a legitimate reason: Law Enforcement Purposes or purposes covered by other policies or legal requirements. Law Enforcement Purposes are defined as: prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security. Where police officers or Wiltshire Police/OPCC staff abuse their position and view confidential information without a legitimate Law Enforcement Purpose, this serves not only to undermine the trust of the public, but could also be a breach of the Data Protection Act 2018, the Computer Misuse Act 1990, the Code of Ethics, Standards of Professional Behaviour, and Force Policy. 3. GENERAL PRINCIPLES Personnel are able to use the Wiltshire Police/OPCC IT and telephony systems for Wiltshire Police and OPCC business use and appropriate personal use as described throughout this document. The general principles are that users must: • Use the facility in a responsible manner by adhering to the Code of Ethics, the Standards of Professional Behaviour; • Comply with all existing Information Systems and Information Security policies; • Ensure they are aware of their personal responsibilities; • Not access unsuitable material; • Not use the systems for non-work related issues during working time, except during refreshment or other authorised breaks. Permission to use the systems for personal use may be withdrawn if personal use adversely affects official use. This will be determined by Line Managers measured against any adverse impact on official use. 4. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The Force Information Security Policy Framework (ISPF) contains detailed information of the various role and responsibilities that are associated with the management of information security within the Force. 5.