the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.Ó PART 2 VARIATION OF ORDER BY COURT IN SCOTLAND Amendments of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c. 42) 4 After section 136ZD of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 insertÑ Ò136ZE Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual harm prevention order etc by court in Scotland (1) This section applies where a relevant order has been made in respect of a person who nowÑ (a) is residing in Scotland, or (b) is in or is intending to come to Scotland. (2) In this section Òrelevant orderÓ meansÑ (a) a sexual harm prevention order, (b) a sexual offences prevention order, or (c) a foreign travel order. (3) An application may be made to the appropriate sheriff in ScotlandÑ (a) by the defendant, or (b) by the chief constable, for an order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant order. (4) Subject to subsections (5) to (12), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and the other person mentioned in subsection (3) (if that person wishes to be heard), may make any order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant order that the appropriate sheriff considers appropriate. (5) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in Scotland, and (b) whetherÑ (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 369 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) in the case of a sexual harm prevention order, the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, England and Wales, or (ii) in the case of a sexual offences prevention order or foreign travel order, the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, Northern Ireland. (6) A sexual harm prevention order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public in Scotland, or any particular members of the public in Scotland, from sexual harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (7) A sexual harm prevention order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from