court. Remand in custody or on bail 2 (1) The court mayÑ (a) [in the case of a person aged 18 or over] remand the person in custody, that is, commit the person to custody to be brought before the court at the end of the period of remand or at such earlier time as the court may require, or (b) remand the person on bail. (2) The court may remand the person on bailÑ (a) by taking from the person a recognizance, with or without sureties, conditioned as provided in paragraph 3, or (b) by fixing the amount of the recognizances with a view to their being taken subsequently and, in the meantime, committing the person to custody as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)(a). (3) Where a person is brought before the court after remand, the court may further remand the person. 3 (1) Where a person is remanded on bail, the court may direct that the personÕs recognizance be conditioned for the personÕs appearanceÑ (a) before that court at the end of the period of remand, or (b) at every time and place to which during the course of the proceedings the hearing may from time to time be adjourned. (2) Where a recognizance is conditioned for a personÕs appearance as mentioned in sub- paragraph (1)(b), the fixing of any time for the person next to appear is to be treated as a remand. (3) Nothing in this paragraph affects the power of the court at any subsequent hearing to remand the person afresh. 4 (1) The court may not remand a person for a period exceeding 8 clear days unlessÑ (a) the person is remanded on bail, and (b) both that person and the person who applied for the injunction consent to a longer period. 62 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing (2) Where the court has power to remand a person in custody it may, if the remand is for a period not exceeding 3 clear days, commit the person to the custody of a constable. Further remand 5 (1) If the court is satisfied that a person who has been remanded is unable by reason of illness or accident to appear or be brought before the court at the expiration of the period of remand, the court may, in the absence of the person, further remand the person. (2) The power mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) may, in the case of a person who was remanded on bail, be exercised by enlarging the personÕs recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. (3) Where a person remanded on bail is bound to appear before the court at any time and the court has no power to remand the person under sub-paragraph (1), the court may (in the personÕs absence) enlarge the personÕs recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. (4) The enlargement of the personÕs recognizance is to be treated as