of a sexual nature. 1. Creation of a new offence 6. The UKÕs laws to protect children are robust and respected across the world. But it is vital to remain responsive to changes and developments. This is particularly relevant to changes in technology and communications, which along with bringing major benefits to society, have given potential offenders new ways of contacting children to encourage or prepare acts of abuse. 7. Section 67 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 creates a new offence of sexual communication with a child which will help ensure that young people are fully protected by the law and allow the authorities to intervene earlier to prevent more serious offending against children. 8. The new offence criminalises a person aged 18 years or over who communicates with a child under 16 (who the adult does not reasonably believe to be 16 or over), if the communication is sexual or if it is intended to elicit from the child a communication which is sexual. 9. The offence applies only where the defendant can be shown to have acted for the purpose of obtaining sexual gratification. Ordinary social or educational interactions between children and adults, or communications between young people themselves, will not be caught by the offence. 10. The offence extends to England and Wales and is subject to a two year maximum prison sentence. Ministry of Justice March 2015 Serious Crime Act 2015 Fact sheet: Offence of possession of paedophile manuals Background 1. The Government has been made aware of a potential gap in the law which allows the possession of written material that contains practical advice on how to commit a sexual offence against a child, commonly referred to as Òpaedophile manualsÓ. 2. The material highlighted by the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre (CEOP) Command of the National Crime Agency is deeply disturbing. It is highly detailed and ÒinstructiveÓ in content. Amongst its in-depth content it gives advice on how to entrap or ÒgroomÓ a child, where to find a child, how to offend and escape capture. Some of the material also includes pseudo-scientific advice endorsing paedophilia as relatively harmless and an ÒexperienceÓ to be enjoyed by the victims. 3. The Prime Minister announced in April 2014 that he intended to act against the possession of these manuals. Current law 4. Under the Protection of Children Act 1978, there is a strict prohibition on the production, circulation and possession with a view to distribution of any indecent photograph, or pseudo-photograph of a child under 18. The simple possession of an indecent photograph, or pseudo- photograph, of a child is also an offence under section 160 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988. These offences carry a ten and five year maximum prison sentence respectively but they do not cover written material. 5. Alongside this, section 62 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 created a new criminal offence to make illegal the possession of Òprohibited images of childrenÓ (which also covers non-photographic visual depictions of child