involve shooting disciplines or activities under the general auspices of one of the main national shooting organisations (see paragraph 12.46 above and other national organisations such as the Historical Breechloading Smallarms Association and the Vintage Arms Association) but will not necessarily be to their competition rules. It will involve shooting at a target on ranges where the holder has lawful authority to shoot provided that adequate financial arrangements are in place to meet any injury or damage claim, but does not necessarily mean shooting in competitions, formal or otherwise. Local shooting disciplines may be accepted as Ògood reasonÓ for possessing particular firearms. 12.53 Target shooters may be expected to use their firearms fairly regularly, say three or more times a year. The police should consider on renewal whether Ògood reasonÓ continues in respect of all firearms held for this purpose. However, failure to shoot in a year should be regarded as grounds for further enquiries to be made, rather than the automatic partial revocation of the certificate for lack of Ògood reasonÓ. For example, there may be personal circumstances such as illness, working away (where this is not to be repeated regularly), or practice for a particular competition that may preclude the use of all the firearms concerned. In some cases, competitions for unusual or older arms may be few each year. Owners, and especially collectors, may also not want to regularly shoot old, historic, and valuable firearms, thus avoiding excessive wear and tear. 12.54 Chief officers of police should also consider the Ògood reasonÓ for possession of ammunition quantities for target shooting. Allocations of 1,000 rounds, to possess, purchase or acquire, are not unreasonable for most regular shooters. A serious target shooter (for example in a county or national squad) may reasonably wish to possess up to 6,000 rounds to ensure consistency in performance between 105 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law batches. In exceptional circumstances greater amounts may be required. These figures should be used as guides only and should not be interpreted as absolute limits. This is normally applicable to .22RF rather than full-bore target shooting. Economy of purchase (Ôbulk buyingÕ) is not considered satisfactory as Ògood reasonÓ. 12.55 Long-range pistols will often use rifle actions and cartridges. An applicant to possess a firearm of this sort may be a member of the International Long-Range Pistol Shooting Association (ILRPSA), or other appropriate shooting organisation which organises and marshals this type of shooting discipline, although this is not a requirement. A suitable range (see paragraph 12.50 above) is required. 12.56 Pump-action, self-loading and other types of shot gun may be used for ÔpracticalÕ target shooting disciplines in which the shooter moves to engage a number of different targets. Applicants should normally be a member of a relevant organisation such as the National Rifle Association, the United Kingdom Practical Shooting Association or National Target Shot gun Association, either individually or as a member of an affiliated club. For ÔEnd of TrailÕ shooting, a set of practical disciplines with a ÔWild