of joint working as illustrated in the national Incident Command protocols and national animal rescue guidelines. Details of the training, which is available from providers recognised by the Chief Fire Officers Association National Animal Rescue Practitioners Forum (CFOA ARPF), can be obtained from, and in some cases through, the Fire and Rescue Service. This training is endorsed by the RSPCA and veterinary associations, namely the British Equine Veterinary Association and British Cattle Veterinary Association. 15.1. 15.21. Other sectors that may be considered within the emergency planning process are: o accommodation facilities, such as hotels, bed and breakfast services and student residences o motor assistance companies o conference/leisure centre facilities which could provide short term shelter o Chapter 16 Collaboration and Co-operation between Local Resilience Forums in England Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 16 (Collaboration and Co-operation between Local Resilience Forums in England) of Emergency Preparedness 16.1. The United KingdomÕs approach to civil contingencies is based on the principle of subsidiarity; the principle by which decisions should be taken at the lowest appropriate level with co-ordination at the highest necessary level. 16.2. Local Resilience Forums are the building block for emergency planning activities with Strategic and Recovery Co-ordinating Groups acting as the local mechanisms which are engaged during the response and recovery phases of emergencies. Opportunities to collaborate and co-operate at a multi- LRF Level 16.3. Planning for, and responding to, large-scale emergencies cannot be done in isolation in each LRF. Mechanisms for cross-boundary working and relationship building are essential as some emergencies will overwhelm localitiesÕ resources and/or boundaries. 16.4. Collaboration and co-operation between localities in England is a well-established and critical way of working in civil contingencies. It is a mechanism: o for enabling pooling of resources to achieve agreed mutual aims and outcomes; o for avoiding duplication of work between neighbouring LRFs or avoiding activity by an LRF that may be counter-productive to a neighbouring LRF; o to support planning and exercising for emergencies that cross local resilience areas or which could overwhelm a locality; and o that enables individual responders, local forums and central government to work together to address large-scale civil protection issues. 16.5. Cross locality working is undertaken on a permissive basis and neither civil protection legislation nor guidance seeks to impose structures on local areas or limit how they choose to collaborate and co-operate. LRFs are free to create flexible multi-LRF mechanisms and processes to best suit their risks and needs. 16.6. In some circumstances, it might be more efficient for national organisations and those organisations which operate across local boundaries (such as utilities companies, transport operators, and government agencies) to share information using multi-LRF groupings. Indeed, some of these organisations will struggle to find the resources to duplicate work at the single LRF level. For further guidance Chapter 2: Co-operation and Chapter 3: Formal information sharing are available at: http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource-library/emergency-preparedness 16.7. Regional Resilience Forums formerly provided a uniform system for LRF collaboration within that region. There is