the protection of the public that P should remain in prison until the end of the period mentioned in subsection (1)(b).Ó (3) In section 255C (fixed-term prisoners not suitable for automatic release), after subsection (4) insertÑ Ò(4A) The Board must not give a direction for PÕs release on a reference under subsection (4) unless the Board is satisfied that it is not necessary for the protection of the public that P should remain in prison.Ó (4) Omit section 256 (power of Board to fix date for future release). (5) In section 256A (further review)Ñ (a) for subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) This section applies to a person ifÑ (a) there has been a previous reference of the personÕs case to the Board under section 255C(4) or this section, and (b) the person has not been released. (1A) The Secretary of State must refer the personÕs case back to the Board not later than the first anniversary of the most recent determination by the Board not to release the person (the Òreview dateÓ). (1B) Subsection (1A) does not apply where the review date is 13 months or less before the date on which the person is required to be released by the Secretary of State.Ó; (b) in subsection (2), for Òthat anniversaryÓ substitute Òthe review dateÓ; (c) in subsection (3), for Òa personÕsÓ substitute Òthe personÕsÓ; (d) for subsections (4) and (5) substituteÑ Ò(4) The Board must not give a direction for a personÕs release on a reference under subsection (1A) or (2) unless the Board is satisfied that it is not necessary for the protection of the public that the person should remain in prison. (5) Where on a reference under subsection (1A) or (2) the Board directs a personÕs release on licence under this Chapter, the Secretary of State must give effect to the direction.Ó (6) After section 256A insertÑ Ò256AZA Release after recall where further sentence being served (1) This section applies where a person (Òthe offenderÓ) is serving two or more terms of imprisonment. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 149 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) Nothing in sections 255A to 256A requires the Secretary of State to release the offender in respect of any of the terms unless and until the Secretary of State is required to release the offender in respect of each of the others. (3) Nothing in sections 255A to 256A requires the Secretary of State to refer the offenderÕs case to the Board in