Power to specify other areas as controlled areas After section 149 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 insertÑ Ò149A Power to specify other areas as controlled areas (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide for any provision of sections 143 to 148 and 149(3) to apply, with or without modifications, in relation to an area specified in the regulations. (2) An area may be specified in regulations under subsection (1) by description, by reference to a map or plan or in any other way. (3) Regulations under subsection (1) may be made only ifÑ (a) either House of Parliament is, or is proposed to be, located somewhere other than the Palace of Westminster as a result of the Parliamentary building works or for any other reason, and (b) as a result of that relocation, or proposed relocation, the Secretary of State considers that it is reasonably necessary for activities which are prohibited in relation to the controlled area of Parliament Square or the (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 85 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Palace of Westminster controlled area to be prohibited in relation to the area specified in the regulations. (4) In subsection (3)(a) Òthe Parliamentary building worksÓ has the meaning given by section 1(1) of the Parliamentary Buildings (Restoration and Renewal) Act 2019. (5) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision for any other enactment, or any instrument made under an enactment, to have effect with modifications in consequence of regulations under subsection (1).Ó Public nuisance 78 Intentionally or recklessly causing public nuisance (1) A person commits an offence ifÑ (a) the personÑ (i) does an act, or (ii) omits to do an act that they are required to do by any enactment or rule of law, (b) the personÕs act or omissionÑ (i) creates a risk of, or causes, serious harm to the public or a section of the public, or (ii) obstructs the public or a section of the public in the exercise or enjoyment of a right that may be exercised or enjoyed by the public at large, and (c) the person intends that their act or omission will have a consequence mentioned in paragraph (b) or is reckless as to whether it will have such a consequence. (2) In subsection (1)(b)(i) Òserious harmÓ meansÑ (a) death, personal injury or disease, (b) loss of, or damage to, property, or (c) serious distress, serious annoyance, serious inconvenience or serious loss of