Memoir. Following a perceived exposure, a clinical member of staff will contact The Great Western Hospital for post exposure advice to establish if post exposure intervention is required. OH will support and advise the Force and staff where necessary. 2.3 Counselling All staff have access to the 24 hour independent counselling and support telephone helpline 0800 243 458 provided by Workplace Options. www.workplaceoptions.com Where a formal request for counselling has been arranged following consultation with Occupational Health a record of the request will be kept within the OH file. Staff may be signposted to Workplace Options following consultation in Occupational Health, this will be recorded in the clientÕs clinical notes. 2.4 Health Surveillance Health Surveillance is a requirement of Health and Safety Legislation for individuals who may be exposed to hazards to health, where identified through risk assessment. Other forms of health surveillance are undertaken as good practice, such as baseline health assessment prior to initial training or deployment to a specialist police role. The frequency of monitoring is reviewed regularly. Individuals working within one of these high risk areas must attend. 2.5 Risk Assessment Based Medicals Procedure (RABM) Risk Assessment Based Medicals is a Home Office initiative supported by Wiltshire Police. It is an opportunity for individuals to have a health assessment on a voluntary basis. RABMÕs have been deemed mandatory for certain roles by the organisation; this is outlined in the Health Surveillance and Risk Assessment Based Medical Procedure 2.6 Health Assessment/Medicals for Specialist Roles Health assessment/medicals are required for individuals carrying out specialist roles. The Line Manager will initiate the first referral to the OH unit before the appointment of the officer/staff member to the post. Thereafter the OH unit will liaise with the specialist units to invite officers/staff for their medicals. The line manager may refer between these periods if there is any cause for concern in line with Management Referral process. 2.7 Treatment The OH Unit does not provide First Aid. This is the responsibility of First Aiders. 2.8 Physiotherapy Physiotherapy is provided either in-house or externally for staff meeting the referral criteria. 2.9 External Referrals There are occasions that the clinical staff may refer Police Officers/staff for an external assessment using the fast track criteria to enable information regarding Òfit for purposeÓ or the need for adjustments. 3. Sickness Absence and Medical Consultations Line Managers are responsible for maximising attendance and managing absence, with advice from HR Managers, OH unit, and Health and Safety specialists. 3.1 Management Referral A referral form (128) will be completed by the Line Manager with the full knowledge of the employee using the 128 referral process. http://firstpoint/Docs/Templates/101-200/128_Occupational_Health_Unit_Referral.dot 3.2 Self Referral All staff are able to self refer to Occupational Health by contacting the unit directly. 3.3 Joint Referral Staff working within safety critical roles can self refer to the unit, as standard however the joint referral process will be established. 3.4 Staff Undergoing Suspension / Investigation / Complaints People Services or a Line Manager will complete a Management Referral