the basis and information for the grievance, so it is important that the individual completes the Issue Details tab thoroughly. The form should outline clear details of the nature of the grievance and any potential resolution the individual hopes to achieve so that the assigned manager can review. If it is deemed that the matter is suitable for the grievance process then a meeting will be arranged with all parties in a reasonable timeframe agreed between the individual, the assigned manager, and HR. Informal ? The Informal stage is an opportunity for the individual to explore the issue with a line manager, suitable alternative manager or HR representative. Initial contact should be made by HR or line manager within 10 working days of receipt of the Unit 4 Grievance form. The Informal stage may not include a full investigation if the Assigned Manager and the individual can agree on a suitable resolution from an initial discussion meeting. Assigned manager actions at the conclusion of the Informal stage Outcome: The Assigned Manager should confirm verbally the outcome of the resolution meeting within seven working days of the meeting taking place. Enter the mediation process: The HR representative will support and engage with the individual to organise for suitable mediation to take place. Timescales: The Assigned Manager should monitor the next seven working days and ensure the individual has reached their decision in relation to any further action. The matter cannot be left unresolved. Notification: The Grievance form on Unit 4 ERP should be completed and all relevant paperwork uploaded. This will be reviewed by HR prior to being signed off as complete. If the matter is resolved: The individual will receive information by email through the Unit 4 HR system. If the matter is unresolved: Individuals are invited to respond to the notification from the Unit4 HR system to escalate to Formal. The HR team will be notified of this and will progress as appropriate. Withdrawal of the grievance: The individual should notify HR to complete the closure of the Grievance form. Formal ? Where an individual does not feel that their grievance has been resolved within the informal stage, the individual may escalate this to a Formal Stage. They should respond to the Unit 4 notification to reject the outcome from the Informal stage. The Formal stage is to be concluded within a reasonable and agreed timescale. A period of up to 10 working days from receipt of that written notification is then permitted for the HR team to allocate a suitable Investigation Officer, and for the Investigating Officer to make contact with the individual. In the case of OPCC staff the Investigation Officer must be a member of a shared services department. The Investigating Officer will be responsible for discussing the time frames with all those involved and agreeing and outlining the expectations of those. We recognise that some investigations can be more complex and so may require more time to reach a conclusion. It is the responsibility of