56 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (g) any other enactment relating to parliamentary elections F45... or local government elections; ÒmodifyÓ includes amend, repeal or revoke (and related terms are to be read accordingly). Vacancy in office of police and crime commissioner 59 Date of vacancy in office of commissioner (1) For the purposes of this Chapter, a vacancy in the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area is to be regarded as occurringÑ (a) in the case of a vacancy in consequence of the failure of, or other irregularity in relation to, an election, at the time specified in an order under section 58; (b) in the case of resignation, on receipt of the notice of resignation by the appropriate officer; (c) in the case of death, on the date of death; (d) in any case within subsection (2), on the date on which the office of police and crime commissioner for the police area is declared to have been vacated by the High Court or by the appropriate officer, as the case may be. [F46(e) in the case of disqualification by virtue of an order under section 30 of the Elections Act 2022 (disqualification of offenders for holding elective office etc), on the date the office is vacated in accordance with section 31 of that Act (vacation of office etc).] Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 57 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) The cases referred to in subsection (1)(d) areÑ (a) where the person elected as police and crime commissioner fails to make and deliver a declaration of acceptance of office in accordance with section 70; (b) where a vacancy arises under section 63 (incapacity of commissioner: acting commissioner acting for 6 months); (c) where a person becomes disqualifiedÑ (i) from being a police and crime commissioner, or (ii) from being the police and crime commissioner for the police area. [F47(2A) In a case where subsection (1)(e) and (d) (in the case of a disqualification by virtue of section 66(3)(c)) apply in relation to a vacancy, the vacancy is to be regarded as occurring on the date mentioned in subsection (1)(e).] (3) The appropriate officer must give public notice of a vacancy in the office of police and crime commissioner for a police area. (4) The appropriate officer must give notice of a vacancy in