Order provides protection to victims of or potential victims of FGM. Each FGM Protection Order is specific to each case and contains terms that change the behaviour of the respondent and other people. Examples of what you might want the court to order are: • that the respondent does not take you or the person to be protected abroad with the purpose of committing or attempting to commit FGM • that the respondent does not enter into any arrangements in the UK or abroad for FGM to be performed on you or the person to be protected • that the respondent surrenders their passport or any other travel documents and/ or the passport of the person named in the application. In section 5 or in a separate statement say why you are applying and give full details. Urgent orders An urgent order made by the court before the notice of the application is served on the respondent is called a without notice order. In deciding whether to make a without notice order the court will consider all the circumstances of the case, including: • any risk of a FGM procedure being carried out on the person to be protected or another person, if the order is not made immediately • • whether it is likely that the applicant will be deterred or prevented from pursuing the application if an order is not made immediately • whether there is reason to believe that the respondent is aware of the proceedings but is deliberately evading service and the person to be protected or the applicant will be seriously prejudiced by the delay. If you are applying for a Ôwithout noticeÕ order you must include the reasons why the court should deal with the application without notifying the respondent first. You must provide a witness statement verified by a statement of truth. The court can tell you how to do this. If the court makes a Ôwithout noticeÕ order, it must give the respondent or other person an opportunity take representations about the order as soon as just and convenient at a full hearing. Further details Further information on making an application is contained in the leaflet FGM700 Female Genital Mutilation Protection Orders. The leaflet contains information on coming to court, and what happens if a respondent or other person fails to obey a court order. You can download this leaflet and details of your local court from our website http://hmctsformfinder.justice.gov.uk Mandatory Reporting of Female Genital Mutilation Ð procedural information 1. Introduction Background Female Genital Mutilation (FGM) is illegal in England and Wales under the FGM Act 2003 (Òthe 2003 ActÓ). It is a form of child abuse and violence against women. FGM comprises all procedures involving partial or total removal of the external female genitalia for non-medical reasons. Section 5B of the 2003 Act1 introduces a mandatory reporting duty which requires regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales to report ÔknownÕ cases of FGM in under 18s