paid for him to receive counselling. The school also provided him with further time off so that he could appear in court. This meant that he was able to give vital evidence of the abuse he had been subject to for nearly a decade. Sam feels that his situation shows that in coming forward male victims will be taken seriously and given the right support. Pregnancy Being pregnant may put women at increased risk of abuse, although the data available on prevalence of domestic abuse amongst pregnant individuals is limited. Some studies suggest prevalence as high as 40% to 60% of pregnant women experiencing abuse during pregnancy117, while others suggest it is much lower, ranging between 1% and 20%.118 Whilst data is mixed, other evidence suggests unplanned pregnancy to be one of only two predictors of domestic abuse that were both statistically and clinically significant.119 Domestic abuse experienced during pregnancy in utero and in the earliest years is harmful to birth outcomes and babies’ early development. Whilst pregnancy may increase risk of abuse, it should also be recognised that the interaction with health professionals may provide an opportunity for women to seek support, as well as for professionals to reach out to women who may be experiencing domestic abuse. Health and social care professionals should also be alert to the need to offer support and safeguarding to the child post-birth if necessary. 117 SafeLives, A cry for health: Why we must invest on domestic abuse services in hospitals. 2016. 118 Depending on the country and how prevalence is calculated. 119 Yakubovich, A, et al. Risk and protective factors for intimate partner violence against women: Systematic review and meta-analyses of prospective-longitudinal studies. American Public Health Association: 2018.108(7): 1-11. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Access to trauma-informed support during pregnancy, post-birth and into childhood can be of benefit to adult and child victims. For further information on the impact of domestic abuse on children see the ‘Impact on children’ section. Evidence linking intimate partner violence to abortion varies, does not offer clear evidence of predictors or causes, and is often conducted in countries other than the UK. Evidence from a research review does indicate that intimate partner violence is associated with early termination of pregnancy. The association between intimate partner violence and repeat abortion indicates that there is sometimes a repetitive cycle of abuse and pregnancy.120 Experience of intimate partner violence and loss of pregnancy can have further compounding impacts on the victim’s emotional state and has been linked with negative mental health outcomes such as depression and suicidal ideation.121 Health and social care professionals should be aware of these factors and ensure that specialised mental health support, including post-abortive counselling, is in place for victims who have experienced abortion or other perinatal loss. Guidelines from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists recommend that healthcare services should identify issues such as domestic abuse among women seeking abortion and refer them to appropriate support services. See the ‘Health’ section for further