admissions process and to minimise gaps in children’s education. This included specific proposals to support the in-year admission of children of victims of domestic abuse. The new School Admissions Code containing these provisions came into force in September 2021. The changes introduced new categories of children who must be placed vialocal Fair Access Protocols (FAP) - the mechanism to ensure that unplaced and vulnerable children are allocated a school place as quickly as possible to now include “children living in refuge or other Relevant Accommodation” and children “subject to a Child in Need Plan or a Child Protection Plan” (or have had one within the last 12 months). All admission authorities are required to participate in their local FAP. This includes admitting children referred to their school via the FAP. Other changes were also made to improve the general operation of FAPs, including a requirement that children must be allocated a place within 20 school days of being referred to the FAP. Together, these changes will benefit all children who need to move schools in the middle of a school year, but will be particularly beneficial to the most vulnerable, including those who need to move schools as a consequence of domestic abuse. Understanding healthy relationships is at the centre of a child’s compulsory Relationships, Sex and Health Education (RHSE) in school. The topic ‘Being Safe’ supports children to recognise and report feelings of being unsafe and covers the concepts of, and laws relating to, sexual consent, sexual exploitation, abuse, grooming, coercion, harassment, rape, domestic abuse, forced marriage, ‘honour’-based abuse and FGM, and how these can affect current and future relationships. Schools must Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance have regard to the RSHE statutory guidance, and where their practices depart from parts of the guidance which state that they should or should not do something, they will need to have good reason for doing so. Government is supporting teachers to deliver high quality, age-appropriate teaching on the subject and build an awareness of all forms of abuse through teacher training modules available on GOV.UK. There is no right to withdraw from RSHE, in which the topic of Being Safe is taught, at primary or secondary school. The content of this subject is essential in supporting pupils’ wellbeing and attainment and helping young people to become successful and happy adults who make a meaningful contribution to society. If a primary school chooses to teach sex education and a parent wishes to withdraw their child, the head teacher must comply with their wish. For pupils at secondary school the RSHE statutory guidance sets out that unless there are exceptional circumstances, the parents’ request to withdraw their child from sex education should be granted until three terms before the pupil turns 16. At that point, if the child wishes to take part in sex education lessons, the head teacher should ensure they receive it in one of those terms. Box 6.1: Case Study – Operation Encompass Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance