or otherwise). (9) Where a letter is sent as mentioned in subsection (8), payment is regarded as having been made at the time at which that letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. (10) In any proceedings, a certificate thatÑ (a) purports to be signed by or on behalf of the chief finance officer of the local authority concerned, and (b) states that payment of a fixed penalty was, or was not, received by the dated specified in the certificate, is evidence of the facts stated. (11) In this sectionÑ Òauthorised personÓ means a person authorised for the purposes of this section by the local authority that made the order (or authorised by virtue of section 69(2)); 46 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òchief finance officerÓ, in relation to a local authority, means the person with responsibility for the authority's financial affairs. Supplemental F4269 Powers of community support officers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70 Byelaws A byelaw that prohibits, by the creation of an offence, an activity regulated by a public spaces protection order [F43or an expedited order] is of no effect in relation to the restricted area during the currency of the order. 71 Bodies other than local authorities with statutory functions in relation to land (1) The Secretary of State may by orderÑ (a) designate a person or body (other than a local authority) that has power to make byelaws in relation to particular land, and (b) specify land in England to which the power relates. (2) This Chapter has effect as ifÑ (a) a person or body designated under subsection (1) (a Òdesignated personÓ) were a local authority, and (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 47 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for