enable the Office to exercise its functions. (3) A reference in any enactment to the officers of a functional body of the Greater London Authority is, in the case of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, to be read as a reference to the staff of that Office. 3 (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must appoint a person to act as chief executive, if and for as long asÑ (a) that post is vacant, or (b) the holder of that post is, in the opinion of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, unable to carry out the duties of that post. (2) A reference in any enactment to the chief executive of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime includes a reference to a person acting as chief executive in accordance with sub-paragraph (1). The Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime 4 (1) This paragraph applies to the person appointed under section 19 to be the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. (2) None of the following may be appointed as the Deputy Mayor for Policing and CrimeÑ (a) a person who has not attained the age of 18 on the day of appointment; (b) a person who is subject to a relevant disqualification; (c) a Member of the House of Commons; (d) a member of the European Parliament; (e) a member of the National Assembly for Wales; (f) a member of the Scottish Parliament; (g) a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly. (3) The terms and conditions of a person who is appointed as the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime must provide for the appointment to end not later than the day when the current term of office of the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime ends. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 165 (4) If, and for as long as, the person who is Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime is a member of the London Assembly, the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime is not to be regarded as a member of staff of the Mayor's Office of Policing and Crime. (5) But sub-paragraph (4) does not prevent the person who is the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime from receiving allowances and gratuities under paragraph 6. (6) Section 7 of the Local Government and Housing Act 1989 (appointment of staff on merit) does not apply to the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. (7) In this paragraph Òcurrent term of officeÓ, in relation to the appointment of a member of staff by the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, means the occupant's term of office which is running at the time the