any, in any system of working that contributed to the death or any accident resulting in the death other facts relevant to the circumstances of the death There are two types of fatal accident inquiry. Mandatory In terms of Section 2 of the IFA(SD)A 2016, a mandatory FAI is conducted where the death occurred in Scotland and where the death occurred: as the result of an accident when the deceased was acting in the course of their employment or occupation, or when the deceased was in legal custody or was a child detained in secure accommodation at the time of the death Discretionary In terms of Section 4 of the IFA(SD)A 2016, a discretionary FAI is conducted on the authority of the Lord Advocate, where the death occurred in Scotland and the Lord Advocate considers that the death was sudden, suspicious or unexplained. Or it occurred in circumstances that give rise to serious public concern and it is decided that it is in the public interest for an inquiry to be held into the circumstances of the death. The FAI takes place in front of a sheriff (judge) and will lead to the sheriff issuing a determination. The purpose of an FAI is to identify any systemic defects in ways of working that led to the death. This is so that the sheriff can make recommendations as to how deaths can be prevented from occurring in similar circumstances in the future. Casualty Bureau The Casualty Bureau (CB) is the central point where all information related to an incident is received, collated and assessed. This includes information about people believed to be involved in the incident. The CB provides resources and a process to manage high-volume data, to identify key or critical information at the earliest opportunity. The CB also provides a phone line for the public to report people involved in an incident, as well as an online reporting facility, the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). The MIPP has two tiles for a CB activation. First there is a police and partner agency tile, which is active 24/7. It allows any police force in the country to collate the details of people involved at survivor reception centres or hospitals and includes an investigative triage form (ITF), which is password protected. The other tile can be activated for the public to directly report missing persons and other information. A CB is likely to be activated when there is a significant demand from the public for information that exceeds normal force call-handling capabilities. It may also be activated by the SIM to receive a significant volume of information from the public (using the ITF) at Survivor Reception Centres and Hospitals. It is important to note that the CB information contact centre can only receive details. It cannot be used to provide details to the public about the incident. All police regions are required to have a CB capability. All police forces can provide additional CB call-handling resources to support any other CB