a child, and any property which it is not reasonably practicable to separate from that property following any lawful seizure. These powers will also apply to paedophile manuals. 1. Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 59. Under the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 (ããthe FGM Act??) it is an offence for any person in England, Wales or Northern Ireland (regardless of their nationality or residence status) to perform female genital mutilation (FGM) (section 1); or to assist a girl to carry out FGM on herself (section 2). It is also an offence to assist (from England, Wales or Northern Ireland) a non-UK national or resident to carry out FGM outside the UK on a UK national or permanent UK resident (section 3). 60. Section 4 of the FGM Act extends sections 1 to 3 to extra-territorial acts, making it also an offence for a UK national or permanent UK resident to: perform FGM abroad; assist a girl to perform FGM on herself outside the UK; and assist (from outside the UK) a non-UK national or resident to carry out FGM outside the UK on a UK national or permanent UK resident. The amendment 61. Section 70(1) of the 2015 Act amends section 4 of the FGM Act so that the extra-territorial jurisdiction extends to prohibited acts done outside the UK by a UK national or any UK resident. Consistent with that change, section 70(1) also amends section 3 of the 2003 Act so it extends to acts of FGM done to a UK national or any UK resident. 62. ÒUK residentÓ is defined as Òan individual who is habitually resident in the UKÓ. The term ãhabitually resident? covers a person's ordinary residence, as opposed to a short, temporary stay in a country. 63. These changes will mean that the FGM Act can capture offences of FGM committed abroad by or against those who are at the time habitually resident in the UK, irrespective of whether they are subject to immigration restrictions. It will be for the courts to determine on the facts of individual cases whether or not those involved are habitually resident in the UK and thus covered by the FGM Act. 64. Section 70(2) of the 2015 Act makes equivalent amendments to the Prohibition of Female Genital Mutilation (Scotland) Act 2005. 1. Protection for victims of FGM 65. Section 71 of the 2015 Act inserts a new section 4A and Schedule 1 into the FGM Act which make provision for the anonymity of victims of FGM. The provisions are modelled on those in the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 1992 which provides for a scheme to protect the anonymity of victims of certain sexual offences, such as rape. The effect of these provisions is to prohibit the publication of any matter that would be likely to lead members of the public to identify a person as the alleged victim of an offence under the FGM Act (including the new offence provided for in section 72, as well as aiding, abetting,