is investing in co- ordination activity across policing, by funding elements of the NPCC such as the Police Chief Scientific AdvisorÕs office. More generally, the Home Office provides national capabilities funding to accelerate adoption at a national level of technologies that have been successfully demonstrated locally. The vast majority of technology adoption, however, is a matter for policing, as policing is operationally independent. This includes activities associated with technology adoption such as the running of the new NPCC Science and Innovation Coordination Committee. The Home Office also note the Review TeamÕs recommendation for a clear people strategy to support policing in ensuring the right talent and skills mix to maintain and improve on the sectorÕs scientific and technical capacity. The NPCC Science and Technology Strategy has already set out how the NPCC will invest in its people, championing S&T literacy across all of policing. Continued financial support from the Home Office to the Police Chief Scientific Adviser has enabled the creation of a network of research and innovation leads across forces, and in collaboration with industry, the establishing of a Police and Industry Charter setting out how policing and industry will work together. Police Workforce Police Officer Deployment and Welfare The Government is clear that police officers should be tackling crime and serving the public. The Home Office expect PCCs to work with their Chief Constables, who are responsible for operational decisions relating to their forces, to make the most effective use of their resources and funding. Following successful delivery of the Police Uplift Programme, the Government has continued to work with forces to maintain officer numbers at uplift levels. The Home Office expects each police force to maintain a robust workforce plan which will ensure they can continue to deploy resources effectively to serve and support communitiesÕ current, and future, needs. As part of that workforce plan, there should be appropriate focus on recognition of strong officer performance and the role that plays in retention. The Home Office anticipate a key part of this planning will involve the use of warranted police officers in roles which require their powers and expertise, and the use of appropriate specialised civilian staff, and innovative technological solutions, to effectively deliver the administrative and auxiliary functions of policing. When looking at deployability, the Home Office wants to ensure forces are doing all they can to support officers on recuperative or adjusted duties Ð many of whom may simply require workplace adjustments to reoccupy frontline roles. In 2015, new legislation and national guidance was brought in to ensure forces and their occupational health departments better manage sick and injured officers. The Home Office continues to work closely with the Review team and other policing partners (including NPCC, College of Policing, HMICFRS, the Chief Medical Officer for Policing and the Police Federation of England and Wales (PFEW)) to ensure that forces have the data and best practice required to make informed decisions on how best to deploy their workforce and manage the level of sickness absence.