to the OPCC and ForcesÕ information, whether employees, contractors, volunteers, professional partners and employees of other organisations, and whether on police or partner premises, or working remotely. The policy applies to all information, whether held digitally or in paper or other physical format. This includes (but is not limited to) text, data, images, and voice and video recordings, and covers both structured material (e.g. Force IT systems and databases) and unstructured material (e.g. documents, emails). Records are documents or data that provide evidence of the ForcesÕ actions and decisions and are required for legislative and audit purposes, as well as providing an Ôorganisational memoryÕ. Generally the same principles contained within this policy should be taken as applying to both information and records. The policy applies to both personal1 and non-personal information and covers all information gathered for the effective running of the organisation. This includes information required for ÔLaw enforcement purposesÕ, which is defined by the Data Protection Act 2018 as necessary for the: • prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, or • execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and • prevention of threats to public security. The Law enforcement purposes provide the legal basis for the collecting, recording, evaluating, sharing and retaining of police information. Information held for Law enforcement purposes specifically includes (but is not limited to) the following business areas: • Crime Management • Intelligence • Public protection • Custody 2. PRINCIPLES The key information management principles are as follows: Responsibility Information management is everyoneÕs responsibility and they must ensure that information is used appropriately and in accordance with the force Values and Behaviours, Code of Ethics and Data Protection Act 2018 (includes: General Data Protection Regulations (UK-GDPR)). Accessibility and Re-use All information obtained or created for organisational or policing purposes belongs to Wiltshire Police and/or the OPCC. It must be treated as an organisational asset, and managed and stored in an authorised system and/or location. Wherever feasible, information should be recorded only once and all policing information concerning an individual (also referred to as Ôa nominalÕ) should be linked so that it is easily retrievable. 1 As defined by the Data Protection Act 2018 All information should be in a form which facilitates re-use and interoperability across the Force, and with other Forces where appropriate. Wherever feasible, information should be migrated to newer formats and / or systems when the current ones become obsolete. Quality All information should be accurate, adequate, relevant and timely, and recorded in a manner appropriate for potential future disclosure, and in accordance with national and legal requirements. In regard to information held for a policing purpose, the information should comply with the principles of the National Intelligence Model (NIM), and should be evaluated, graded and recorded accordingly. Where appropriate, the source of the information, the nature of the source, any assessment of the reliability of the source, and any necessary restrictions on the use to be made of the information will be recorded to facilitate later review,