with section 25 of the City of London Police Act 1839; ÒconductÓ has the same meaning as in Part 2 (see section 29(1)); [F395Òthe Director GeneralÓ means the Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct;] Òwhistle-blowerÓ has the meaning given by section 29D(3). (2) References in this Part to a person serving with the police have the same meaning as in Part 2 (see section 12(7)).] (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 81 Part 3 Ð Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 3 REMOVAL, SUSPENSION AND DISCIPLINING OF POLICE OFFICERS Removal and suspension of senior officers 30 Resignation in the interests of efficiency and effectiveness (1) In section 9E of the 1996 Act (removal of Commissioner and Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for Òto retire in the interests of efficiency or effectivenessÓ there shall be substituted Ò in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign Ó; and (b) in subsection (3), for the words from ÒretireÓ, in the first place where it occurs, to Òearlier dateÓ there shall be substituted Ò retire or resign under subsection (1), he shall retire or resign with effect from such date as the Metropolitan Police Authority may specify, or with effect from such earlier date Ó. (2) In section 11 of that Act (removal of chief constables)Ñ (a) in subsection (2), for Òto retire in the interests of efficiency or effectivenessÓ there shall be substituted Ò in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign Ó; and (b) in subsection (4), for the words from ÒretireÓ, in the first place where it occurs, to Òearlier dateÓ there shall be substituted Ò retire or resign under subsection (2), shall retire or resign with effect from such date as the police authority may specify, or with effect from such earlier date Ó. 31 Procedural requirements for removal of senior officers (1) In subsection (2) of section 9E of the 1996 Act (removal of Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis) for the words from Òan opportunityÓ to the end there shall be substituted ÒÑ (a) an explanation in writing of the AuthorityÕs grounds for calling upon him, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign; and (b) an opportunity to make representations; and the Authority shall consider any representations made by or on behalf of the Commissioner. 82 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 3 Ð Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version