of bullets. This may be reflected in a relatively higher overall limit on possession and, in these circumstances, the bullets should be listed separately to help avoid unnecessary stockpiling of complete rounds. The dealer making the sale must record transactions of expanding pistol ammunition and bullets for such ammunition on the buyerÕs certificate and the sale must also be recorded in the dealerÕs register. Provisions for registered firearms dealers are outlined in Chapter 4. 3.23 Section 5A(5) of the 1968 Act allows licensed slaughtermen to have, without the authority of the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers, expanding pistol ammunition for use in a slaughtering instrument, defined at section 57(4) of the 1968 Act as being a firearm specially designed or adapted for the instantaneous slaughter of animals or for the instantaneous stunning of animals with a view to slaughtering 28 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law them. Section 10 of the 1968 Act allows licensed slaughtermen, without the need for a firearm certificate, to have a slaughtering instrument and ammunition for it in any slaughterhouse or knackerÕs yard in which they are employed. In addition, section 2 of the 1997 Act allows other people to possess a slaughtering instrument if they have a firearm certificate allowing possession of the weapon. This provision is meant to apply to those people such as vets, hunt servants and other suitably qualified individuals who could reasonably be expected in the course of their normal work to have to destroy sick or injured animals. 29 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 4: Expanding Ammunition 4.1 This chapter sets out the definition of expanding ammunition and the controls and prohibitions on its possession, purchase, acquisition, sale and transfer. Definitions 4.2 Section 5(1A)(f) of the Firearms Act 1968 prohibits Òany ammunition which is designed to be used with a pistol and incorporates a missile designed or adapted to expand on impactÓ. Section 5(1A)(g) prohibits the bullets for such ammunition (missiles, in the words of the Act). The words Ôdesigned or adaptedÕ are important. Any bullet will deform on impact with a sufficiently hard surface, but only bullets, and ammunition containing bullets, which were designed or have been adapted to do so in a controlled manner are actually controlled by the legislation (see Chapter 3). If in doubt as to the design intention of a bullet, reference to the makerÕs design specification should be made. Frangible bullets, do not fall under section 5(1A)(f) of the 1968 Act. 4.3 The prohibition in section 5(1A)(f) previously also applied to expanding ammunition for rifles. However, this was changed by section 129 of the Policing and Crime Act 2017. As a result, expanding ammunition which can be used in a rifle is no longer prohibited and may be possessed on a firearm certificate. The prohibition on expanding ammunition which can only be used in a pistol remains. Exemptions 4.4 Section 5A(4) of the 1968 Act provides an exemption from the prohibition of expanding ammunition for pistols which is to be used