to individuals to request information from public bodies about personal data held by them which relates to that individual. It also provides limits on the use or processing of such data by public authorities. The Data Protection Act must be considered in relation to the duties imposed under the Act and Regulations. 3.72. Guidance on the Data Protection Act can be found in Data Protection and Information Sharing - Guidance for Emergency Planners and Responders, which is available through the Cabinet Office website at www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/ukresilience and on the Information CommissionerÕs website at: www.ico.gov.uk Other Related Guidance 3.73. Guidance on multi agency interoperability is available from www.npia.police.uk 3.74. Data Protection and Information Sharing - Guidance for Emergency Planners and Responders is available through the Cabinet Office website at www.cabinetoffice. gov.uk/ukresilience and Security Vetting and Protective Markings: A guide for Emergency Responders is available on a restricted basis from DCLG RED or from the Welsh Government or via the National Resilience Extranet at www.resilience- extranet.gov.uk or www.resilience-extranet.gse.gov.uk. 3.1. Annex 3 INFORMATION REQUEST PROFORMAS Information Request Under the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 Requesting organisation(s) Information holding organisation(s) Information requested Reason why the information is required in connection with the Act or other civil protection duties (and how the information is likely to be used) Date of request Date by which information is required Form in which information is required Place to which information should be sent Contact details Response to Information Request Under the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 Requesting organisation(s) Information holding organisation(s) Date of request Information requested Request accepted? Yes/No If no, please set out the exceptions on which you are relying If yes, please set out any sensitivities or further background information which might be necessary to ensure the information is properly understood and properly protected Date information was supplied Contact details Chapter 4 Local responder risk assessment duty Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 4 (Local responder risk assessment duty) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version • Summary Risk assessment is the first step in the emergency planning and business continuity (BC) planning processes. It ensures that Category 1 responders make plans that are sound and proportionate to risks (paragraphs 4.1-4.5). • The Act places a duty on all Category 1 responders to carry out risk assessment. Multi-agency co-operation in maintaining a Community Risk Register is also a statutory duty (paragraphs 4.9-4.10). • There is a six-step process for risk assessment that reflects widely accepted good practice. It involves a cycle of identifying potential hazards within the local context, assessing the risks, and considering how those risks should be managed. Responders can use these steps to assist their own planning (paragraphs 4.29-4.56 and Box 4.6). • Local risk assessments should inform multi-LRF and national assessments, and vice versa. Category 1 responders will be able to draw on generic risk assessments and other sources of information (Box 4.5) that are provided by central government, while local risk assessments will be shared with Government via the Department