range of restrictions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic began on 12 March 2020, and the first UK ÔlockdownÕ measures were announced on 23 March 2020. Some figures presented for the year ending 31 March 2021 and year ending 31 March 2022 will have been a?ected by this, and therefore comparisons with these years are likely to reflect temporary changes in firearm and shotgun certificate data due to COVID-19, rather than permanent shifts in trends. Accredited o?cial statistics status These statistics are accredited o?cial statistics (National Statistics in the Statistics and Registration Service Act 2007) which means these statistics have been independently reviewed by the regulator and found to comply with the standards of trustworthiness, quality and value in the Code of Practice for Statistics. The statistics last underwent a full assessment against the code of practice in 2012. It is our responsibility to maintain compliance with these standards. Since the latest review by the O?ce for Statistics Regulation, we have continued to follow the Code of Practice for Statistics and make improvements. We have worked with NFLMS users at the National User Group meeting to improve our understanding of how the statistics and recording system are used, so that they remain relevant and suitable for their purpose. We have also previously worked with Home O?ce Digital, Data and Technology to improve the NFLMS. Changes made to the recording system will help to reduce human error when entering data and will prevent users from leaving fields empty. These changes will help to increase the quality of published data and will allow a more accurate representation of the people that hold firearm and shotgun certificates in England and Wales. In 2023, following user feedback, statistics on temporary permits were included in the firearm and shotgun statistical publication. They were classified as o?cial statistics in development for the first year of their publication (year ending March 2023) as the processes around data collection and the quality of the data were developed. The o?cial statistics in development label was removed from the year ending March 2024 statistics to indicate that: the statistical methods involved in analysing the data are now well established coverage has improved feedback indicates that the statistics are useful and credible the development phase has ended quality limitations are known, and the impact of these are understood Prior to the introduction of the NFLMS in 2006, the variety of police force data collection systems meant some police forces were unable to prevent double counting of weapons shared between 2 certificate holders. Due to the change from in-force data collection systems to NFLMS during 2006, accurate data relating to the financial year ending 31 March 2007, and numbers of weapons and persons covered by certificates for the following year, are not available. Following the change to the NFLMS, the main types of errors in the data are thought to relate to recording and classification errors. Shotgun certificates recorded as coterminous have been investigated as part of the regular, ongoing quality assurance work