to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes facilities. A police authority may make an agreement which includes provision about the discharge of functions by employees who are under the direction and control of a chief officer only with the approval of that chief officer. A police authority may make an agreement only if it thinks that the agreement is in the interests of the efficiency or effectiveness of one or more police authorities or police forces. Before making an agreement a police authority must consult the chief officer of the police force maintained by the authority. An agreement under this section is referred to in this Part as a police authority collaboration agreement. 23B Collaboration agreements: payments A collaboration agreement may provide for payments between relevant police authorities. Provision under subsection (1) may, in particular— specify the authorities by which and to which a payment is to be made or the manner in which those authorities are to be determined; specify the amount of any payment or the manner in which it is to be determined. A relevant police authority must make any payments required by provision made under subsection (1). “Relevant police authority”— in relation to a police force collaboration agreement, means a police authority maintaining a police force whose chief officer is a party to the agreement, and in relation to a police authority collaboration agreement, means a police authority which is a party to the agreement. In this Part “collaboration agreement” means— a police force collaboration agreement, or a police authority collaboration agreement. 23C Collaboration agreements: consultation and supplemental A person must consult the Secretary of State before making a collaboration agreement to which there are 6 or more other parties. A collaboration agreement must be in writing. A collaboration agreement may make different provision for different cases or circumstances. A collaboration agreement may be varied by a subsequent collaboration agreement. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 1 – Police reform Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A collaboration agreement may be brought to an end by agreement between the parties to it; and section 23(6) or, as the case may be, section 23A(6) applies to an agreement under this subsection. 23D Collaboration agreements: accountability Where a chief officer makes a