found in Chapter 2 Cooperation. 3 regulation 23(2) PAGE 3 14.5. This does not mean that Category 1 responders should work only with those voluntary sector organisations established solely for the purpose of working in the field of civil protection. Few voluntary sector bodies are established for the sole purpose of responding to emergencies. Most will have a partial interest tangential to their main business, for example, this may include faith organisations. Nevertheless, these voluntary sector organisations must be factored into local civil protection arrangements where they may have a contribution to make or a role to play in planning for, or responding to, or recovery from, an emergency. 14.6. This obligation is intended to ensure that Category 1 responders actively consider and engage the voluntary sector during the planning process, rather than at the end or not at all. As such, simply sending copies of plans to voluntary organisations is not sufficient, nor is including voluntary organisations in plans without consulting them. Instead, Category 1 responders must consider and discuss with relevant voluntary organisations, the capabilities that those organisations within their area have to offer, and whether those capabilities should be built into response and recovery plans. Agreements reached should be captured in plans and signed off by all affected parties. 14.7. The requirement to have regard to the activities of relevant voluntary sector organisations covers both emergency plans and business continuity plans (BCPs). In the case of the former, voluntary sector capabilities such as search and rescue or humanitarian support may be built into the response arrangements agreed between the statutory services. In the case of the latter, the voluntary sector may, in the course of everyday business, already deliver certain services on behalf of a statutory provider that would need to be maintained (such as Ômeals on wheelsÕ). In addition, certain BCPs may use voluntary organisations to backfill functions that would be undermined by the diversion of resources to deal with the direct consequences of an emergency or major incident. For example, with 14.1. ambulances diverted to the scene of a large emergency, an ambulance trust might have an agreement with the local St John Ambulance (paragraph 14.17) for the organisation to carry out routine patient collection. However, responders should be aware that the voluntary sector may need more support during a sustained response. This should be considered when planning for longer term responses such as swine flu. 14.8. 14.9. 4 s. 4 The Act also requires local authorities to provide business continuity advice to those voluntary sector bodies which it considers to be appropriate.4 Advice on how to discharge this requirement is set out in Chapter 8. Nevertheless, local authorities may find it useful to consider how their engagement of the voluntary sector in the planning process might dovetail with work to meet that specific requirement. Engaging the voluntary sector at the local level By establishing the appropriate organisational framework, the voluntary sector can be properly factored into the planning process. This will ensure that the