applies to all firearms except a shotgun, an air gun, or a weapon prohibited under section 5 of the 1968 Act. Firearm According to the 1968 Act, a firearm means a lethal barrelled weapon of any description from which any shot, bullet or other missile with a kinetic energy of more than one joule at the muzzle of the weapon can be discharged. It includes any prohibited weapon, any component part of such a weapon and any accessory to such a weapon designed or adapted to diminish the noise or flash caused by the firing of the weapon. Firearm certificate The certificate lists the number, type and serial number of each weapon held and any conditions attached (a standard condition is that weapons and ammunition are held in a secure place when not in use). Handgun Handgun refers to the length of the firearm. Any firearm which either has a barrel less than 30 cm in length or is less than 60 cm in length overall is generally prohibited. The intention is to prohibit dangerous firearms which are easy to conceal (hide). However, the police may issue a firearm certificate allowing the possession of certain handguns, for example those of particular historic interest, muzzle-loading pistols or those used for the humane killing of animals. Lost or stolen firearms and shotguns Section 34 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997 requires holders of a firearm or shotgun certificate to inform the chief o?cer of Police who granted the certificate within 7 days of the theft, loss, deactivation or destruction of any firearm or shotgun, and or the theft or loss of ammunition relating to the certificate. Muzzle-loading pistol The ammunition is loaded via the muzzle of the firearm (the open end of the gunÕs barrel). They are not quick to load, and therefore, do not pose the same threat as some other types of guns. Registered firearms dealer A dealer is defined in the 1968 Act as a person or a corporate body whose trade or business is to manufacture, sell, transfer, repair, test or ÔproveÕ firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of this Act applies, or shotguns. A dealer or corporate bodyÕs trade or business may include the manufacture, sale transfer, repair or test of air weapons. Firearms dealers are not authorised to Ôtrade inÕ prohibited weapons without the Secretary of StateÕs authority. Rifle A rifle under section 57(1) of the 1968 Act has spiral grooves in the barrel, uses bullets as ammunition and is typically used for target shooting or for the control of vermin. Shotgun A smooth-bore gun (not being an air gun) which: has a barrel not less than 24 inches in length and does not have any barrel with a bore exceeding 2 inches in diameter either has no magazine (cartridge holder) or has a non-detachable magazine incapable of holding more than 2 cartridges is not a revolver gun Other smooth-bore guns may require a firearm certificate. It is, with certain statutory exceptions, an o?ence for