the notice amounts to an offence, specify the offence or offences in respect of which the authorising officer considers that the first and second conditions in section 136B are met, state that an application will be made under section 136D for the closure of the premises, specify the date and time when, and the place at which, that application will be heard, and explain the effects of an order under section 136D. A closure notice must be served by a constable. Service is effected by— fixing a copy of the notice to at least one prominent place on the premises, fixing a copy of the notice to each normal means of access to the premises, fixing a copy of the notice to any outbuildings which appear to the constable to be used with or as part of the premises, and giving a copy of the notice to the persons identified in pursuance of section 136B(7)(b) and to any other person appearing to the constable to be a person of a description mentioned in that provision. 152 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes A constable must also serve a copy of the notice on any person who occupies any other part of a building or other structure in which the premises are situated if, at the time of acting under subsection (3), the constable reasonably believes that the person's access to the other part of the building or structure will be impeded if a closure order is made. Subsection (3)(d) or (4) does not require a constable to serve a copy of the notice on a person if it is not reasonably practicable to do so. A constable acting under subsection (3) may enter any premises, using reasonable force if necessary, for the purpose of complying with subsection (3)(a) to (c). A closure notice has effect until an application for a closure order is determined under section 136D. But, if the hearing of an application for a closure order is adjourned, the closure notice ceases to have effect unless the court makes an order under section 136E(2). Closure orders Power to make a closure order 136D(1) If a closure notice has been issued, a constable must apply under this section to a magistrates' court for a closure order. A closure order is an order that the premises in respect of which the order is made are closed to all persons for such period not exceeding 3 months as is specified in the order. The application must be heard by