cases where a detainee is bailed in one force but transferred to the jurisdiction of another police force, clear lines of communication need to be established to ensure that the victim can be notified when the detainee is finally released. For full information on the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime, see keeping the victim informed. There is no requirement to ask every detainee if they intend to self-harm upon release. However, custody officers should be aware that there is no evidence that asking a person about thoughts of suicide increases the risk of this occurring. It is important that victims and suspects are kept updated regarding the progress of any criminal investigation, including where a person has been released under investigation or bailed. It is the responsibility of the investigating officer to keep relevant parties updated and notified. This includes if no further action is to be taken against the suspect. See NPCC Operational Guidance for Pre-Charge Bail and Released under Investigation. Risk of self-harm and suicide after release There are occasions when it becomes apparent through pre-release risk assessment that a detainee is extremely vulnerable and that there is a real and credible risk to that individual on release (including the risk of suicide). This risk may not always be apparent during the early stages of detention, leaving the custody officer very little time to make an urgent referral. An adult detainee charged with an offence can be refused bail and kept in custody under section 38(1)(a)(vi) of PACE if the custody officer has reasonable grounds to believe detention is necessary for his/her own protection. Other grounds for keeping a person in custody may also apply. The custody officer has no explicit powers to detain a high-risk detainee before/without charge once their detention can no longer be authorised, in accordance with Part 4 of PACE or any other lawful power. They may consider using section 135 or 136 of the Mental Health Act 1983 (if the legislative criteria is met at point of release). Where section 136 is applied in the case of children, this relates specifically to the powers of a police protection order, while section 136A specifies that children may not be taken or kept in police stations as a place of safety. Section 43 of The Children Act 1989 also confers emergency police protection powers to remove or keep children in safe accommodation. The custody officer responsible for the duty of care for that detainee has to make a decision on the best course of action for the detainee on release and, under exceptional circumstances, the safest course of action to protect the life of that individual. Custody officers should take into consideration the duty of a police officer to preserve life. Under section 6 of the Human Rights Act 1998, the police service is prohibited from acting in a manner incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR). One of the obligations under the ECHR is to take feasible operational steps (within