would remain. 24. Most fundamentally, the evidence and submissions received through the consultation has not demonstrated conclusively that the introduction of a mandatory reporting duty or a duty to act improves outcomes for children. This must be our guiding consideration when considering such a major reform of such a vital service. 25. What the consultation has shown us, together with serious case reviews and Ofsted inspections, is that professional experience and other evidence generally does not find reporting to be a key issue in cases where a child is failed. Whether a child is already known to social care or not, translating practitionersÕ knowledge of a childÕs ongoing needs into appropriate support can be the difference between life and death. Such evidence suggested that issues around information sharing, professional practice and decision making are more likely to be at the crux of incidents where children do not receive the protection they need. 26. What would ultimately be most effective is improved information sharing, supported by better multi-agency working, better assessments, better decision making and better working with children at all stages of their engagement with the safeguarding system. This is at the heart of the GovernmentÕs reform programme, particularly focused around multi-agency cooperation and social work. We believe this programme, much of which is particularly focused on how local agencies effectively act on information already gathered about children at risk of harm, rather than being focused on the referral stage, is the more effective way to address the concern raised by proponents of mandatory reporting that children might be ÔmissedÕ by the system. If our reforms are effective, a mandatory reporting duty would not be needed, and these reforms will themselves work most effectively without the unintended consequences that may occur due to the introduction of a reporting duty. 6 Government action This section sets out the targeted action that the Government is taking in response to issues raised by consultation. In particular, we will address four key issues around reporting and acting on child abuse. These include the importance of understanding and reporting abuse, information sharing between agencies that work with children, best practice and professional training, and continuing to assess the legal framework and evidence to ensure the approach we are taking is effective and adequate. 27. We have already overseen significant reforms to the child protection system, following the conclusion of the Munro Review of Child Protection in 2011, but we want to do more to deliver the best outcomes for children, and are doing so. The policy paper Putting Children First (2016) set out how we are transforming the childrenÕs social care system by delivering major reforms under key pillars: • people and leadership Ð bringing the best into the profession and giving them the right knowledge and skills for the challenging but hugely rewarding work ahead, and developing leaders equipped to nurture practice excellence; • practice and systems Ð creating the right environment for excellent practice and innovation to flourish, learning from the very best