may include drawing on multi-agency approaches, working with educational psychologists and drawing on the knowledge of those who know the child best, such as their teacher or any therapists currently involved in their support. It is important that children and young people have the communication tools appropriate to report abuse and engage with professionals trained to aid their communication where needed. Experiencing domestic abuse in childhood or adolescence has been shown in some research papers to increase the likelihood of experiencing or perpetrating domestic abuse later in life.94 However, it is important to acknowledge that many victims do not 92 Cafcass Cymru. Impact on Children of Experiencing Domestic Abuse: Welsh Government: 2019. 93 See information on support for Children with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) published on GOV.UK. 94 Costa, B. M, et al. Longitudinal predictors of domestic violence perpetration and victimization: A systematic review: Aggression and Violent Behavior: 2015; 24, 261-272; Guedes, D et al. Experiences of violence across life course and its effects on mobility among participants in the international mobility in aging study. British Medical Journal Open; 2016; (6)10. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance go on to perpetrate abuse and individual experiences, and how these can present differently, should be recognised. Children’s Insights England and Wales data from 2015 to 2018 suggests that 60% of the children accessing domestic abuse related services experienced behavioural problems and around half (52%) experienced problems with social development and relationships. Over a third were undertaking risk taking behaviour.95 The Children’s Insights England and Wales report shows that a trauma-informed approach, including receiving help from specialist children’s services reduces the impact of domestic abuse on these children and young people and improves their safety and health outcomes. A trauma-informed approach recognises that people who have survived significant childhood adversity may experience a triad of entwined social, physical, and psychological injuries. While these injuries are typically studied independently, they are better understood as interlocking and interdependent, shaping people’s subjective experiences in complex ways across their lifespan. The result can be ‘harm building upon harm’, reducing the ‘shock absorbers’ available to cope at times of stress. For children of separated parents where domestic abuse is a factor, the impact of the abuse may intensify after separation. Therefore, providing support to both children and the non-abusive parent is essential and the child’s voice, their safety and the safety of the non-abusive parent should always be considered. There should be a focus on the importance of joint and parallel work for victims, including children and a range of services to sensitively address and overcome the harm domestic abuse has caused to the non-abusive parent-child relationship. This should also include appropriate access to relevant services for the perpetrator alongside clear accountability that the perpetrator is responsible for the harm caused. The Ministry of Justice published the report ‘Assessing Risk of Harm to Children and Parents in Private Law Children’s cases’ which considers how the family courts identify and respond to allegations of domestic abuse and