not required to delay the referral of the prisonerÕs case in order to give an opportunity for such representations to be made. 244ZC Proceedings following reference under section 244ZB (1) This section applies to a prisoner whose case has been referred to the Parole Board under section 244ZB. (2) If, in disposing of that reference or any subsequent reference of the prisonerÕs case to the Board under this subsection, the Board does not direct the prisonerÕs release, it is the duty of the Secretary of State to refer the prisonerÕs case to the Board again no later than the first anniversary of the disposal. (3) It is the duty of the Secretary of State to release the prisoner on licence as soon asÑ (a) the prisoner has served the requisite custodial period, and (b) the Board has directed the release of the prisoner under this section. (4) The Board must not give a direction under subsection (3) in disposing of the reference under section 244ZB unless the Board is satisfied that it is no longer necessary for the protection of the public that the prisoner should be confined. (5) The Board must not subsequently give a direction under subsection (3) unlessÑ (a) the Secretary of State has referred the prisonerÕs case to the Board under subsection (2), and (b) the Board is satisfied that it is no longer necessary for the protection of the public that the prisoner should be confined. (6) For the purposes of this section, the Òrequisite custodial periodÓ means the period ending with the day on which the prisoner would have become entitled as mentioned in section 244ZB(1)(a).Ó (5) In section 246(4) (exceptions from power to release early subject to curfew), after paragraph (f) insertÑ Ò(fa) the prisonerÕs case has been referred to the Board under section 244ZB, Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 145 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (fb) a notice given to the prisoner under subsection (4) of that section is in force,Ó. (6) In section 255A(2) (duty to consider suitability for automatic release following recall of certain prisoners) (as amended by the Counter-Terrorism and Sentencing Act 2021), for Òor a serious terrorism prisonerÓ substitute Ò, a serious terrorism prisoner or a prisoner whose case was referred to the Board under section 244ZBÓ. (7) In section 255C(1) (prisoners whose release after recall is not automatic), for the words from ÒwhoÓ to the end substitute ÒÑ (a) whose suitability for automatic release does not have to be