the UK Central Authority for the Exchange of Criminal Records checks (UKCA-ECR). If these checks cannot be completed, or the evidence is insufficient to make a decision based on ensuring public safety, then the application is likely to be refused. Types of firearms: section 1, section 2 and section 5 28.14 The PMSC must provide details of the number and type of section 5 prohibited firearms they wish to possess on board the UK registered ship, and why this number and type of weapon is necessary. All PMSCs must be authorised to possess section 5 firearms. 28.15 Whether they will be in possession of section 1, section 2 or section 5 firearms, all guards must receive Home Office approval before they can be utilised by the PMSC on a UK registered ship. The requirement for each guard to be approved as part of the Home Office section 5 process not only enables a wide range of firearms to be used by the guard, it also forms an important part of the assurance process. The section 5 authorisation process is designed to encompass the appropriate checks for the possession of the most dangerous weapons and is subject to ministerial oversight. This level of authorisation is deemed necessary for armed guards in view of the circumstances in which the firearms are held, which involves greater risk than for those possessing guns for sport or wildlife management in the UK. 206 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law PMSCs who wish to register as a firearms dealer (RFD) 28.16 PMSCs may apply to the police to be registered as a firearms dealer, but this will not be approved until the PMSC has received section 5 authorisation from the Home Office. Once a section 5 authorisation has been issued, the police may approve registration as a firearms dealer for the applicant, and may specify that only those guards cleared by the Home Office can possess firearms. PMSCs who have already obtained RFD status and who wish to conduct maritime security operations on board UK registered vessels must proceed to submit their application for a section 5 authority to the Home Office. 28.17 Under section 8 of the Firearms Act 1968 a registered firearms dealer and their servants are exempt from having to hold a firearms certificate in order to possess, purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition. Therefore, once the Home Office has issued the section 5 authority, followed by issue of the RFD by the police, there is no requirement for each armed guard who has been cleared by the Home Office to hold a firearm certificate in their own right, provided that the PMSC they are employed by, or to whom they are acting as a sub-contractor, is a registered firearms dealer. PMSCs who are not registered firearms dealers (RFDs) 28.18 If a PMSC is not a registered firearms dealer then each of the armed guards will need to apply to their local police for a firearm certificate for the weapons specified in their own