list must contain only provisions mentioned in the first column of the Table in section 1(1) of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001.] (2) The Secretary of State shall not make an order containing (with or without any other provision) any provision authorised by this paragraph unless a draft of that order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House.] Meaning of Òrelevant police areaÓ 10 In this Schedule Òthe relevant police areaÓ, in relation to an accredited person, means the police area for which the police force whose chief officer granted his accreditation is maintained. [F1054SCHEDULE 5A POWERS EXERCISABLE BY ACCREDITED INSPECTORS Power to issue fixed penalty notices 1 (1) An accredited inspector whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall have the powers specified in sub-paragraph (2) in relation to any individual 1 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5A Ð Powers exercisable by accredited inspectors Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 287 who he has reason to believe has committed a relevant fixed penalty offence at a place within the relevant police area. (2) The powers are the powers of a constable F1055... to give a penalty notice under Chapter 1 of Part 1 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (fixed penalty notices in respect of offences of disorder) so far as exercisable in respect of a relevant fixed penalty offence. Power to require giving of name and address 2 (1) Where an accredited inspector whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him has reason to believe that a person has committed a relevant fixed penalty offence in the relevant police area, he may require the person to give him his name and address. (2) A person who fails to comply with a requirement under sub-paragraph (1) is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. Photographing of persons given fixed penalty notices 3 An accredited inspector whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the power of a constable under section 64A(1A) of the 1984 Act (photographing of suspects etc) to take a photograph, elsewhere than at a police station, of a person to whom the accredited inspector has given a penalty notice in exercise of the powers mentioned in paragraph 1(2). Interpretation 4 In this ScheduleÑ Òthe relevant police areaÓ, in relation to an accredited inspector, means the police area for which the police force whose chief officer granted his accreditation is