AUMF. Highlights 10 U.S.C. §127e currently allows the United States Department of Defense (DoD) to fund secret proxy wars across the world, subject to neither human rights standards nor effective reporting requirements.1,2,4 The rehabilitation needs of veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan include healthcare costs of up to $1 trillion over the next 40 years, and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is already operating on a funding shortfall.8,11 Requiring §127e operations to be subject to both Leahy law and increased congressional reporting standards would reduce American human rights violations and general involvement in proxy wars, which would, in turn, deescalate the unending and unpopular War on Terror. Defunding §127e operations that violate Leahy law or are otherwise stopped due to congressional oversight and diverting such funding to the VA would help alleviate the financial strains caused by veteran rehabilitation needs and ensure all veterans may access the healthcare they are entitled to. Implementation The Senate and House Armed Services Committees should introduce bills to amend 10 U.S.C. §127e and then refer them to each chamber’s Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and Committee on Foreign Affairs. This bill should hold all ongoing and future §127e operations to Leahy law standards, require an audit of ongoing §127e operations to be submitted to Congress, mandate biannual reports to the three committees in both chambers, update reporting requirements for new §127e operations, and require any funding withheld from §127e operations to be directed to the VA. To gain bipartisan support for successful bill passage, several hearings should be organized in each committee. These hearings should include DoD and military personnel witnesses that oversee and lead §127e operations, as well as testimony from investigatory organizations that may detail operative human rights violations. These hearings may be closed to the public in order to ensure witness honesty and transparency, avoid prioritization of media appearance from members of Congress, and prevent DoD backlash to witnesses. Strategic messaging surrounding the bill should emphasize the importance of congressional oversight and veteran rehabilitation in the country, both sufficiently bipartisan topics.15 Media outreach should serve to create public awareness and pressure congressmembers to reform DoD funding. This media campaign may be led by members of Congress in relevant committees, such as the Chairs of the Committees on Armed Services, and should emphasize visibility in national news outlets and social media. Should opposition to the bill persist by pro-military members of Congress, non-governmental organizations should organize a grassroots lobbying campaign. Advocacy and research groups that have shown sufficient interest in human rights vetting and veterans’ rights, including Amnesty International, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Brennan Center for Justice may work to spread awareness of §127e operations, promote lobbying efforts by constituents, and publicly pressure Congress members to support human and veteran rights.2,16,17 Upon the bill’s successful passage, a DoD report on all current §127e operations should be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, and Foreign Affairs. In order to preserve security interests, closed hearings