members of the public in England and Wales, from sexual harm from the defendant, or (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 375 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (9) A relevant Scottish order as renewed or varied under this section may contain only such prohibitions and requirements as are necessary for the purpose ofÑ (a) protecting the public or any particular members of the public from sexual harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom. (10) If a list has been published under section 172 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 and has not been withdrawn, the court must have regard to the list in consideringÑ (a) whether any order varying or renewing the relevant Scottish order is necessary for the purpose of protecting children generally, or any particular children, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom, and (b) in particular, whether an order imposing, varying or renewing a prohibition on foreign travel is necessary for that purpose. (11) A relevant Scottish order may be renewed or varied under this section so as to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order. (12) Section 103FA (electronic monitoring requirements) applies in relation toÑ (a) the variation under this section of a relevant Scottish order to require the defendant to submit to electronic monitoring of the defendantÕs compliance with the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order, or (b) the renewal of an order to continue such a requirement, as it applies in relation to the making of a sexual harm prevention order, subject to subsection (13). (13) In its application to the variation or renewal of a relevant Scottish order, section 103FA has effect as ifÑ (a) the reference in subsection (4)(b) to a case where it is proposed to include in the order a requirement or provision mentioned in sub- paragraph (i) or (ii) included a case where the order already includes such a requirement or provision, (b) the reference in subsection (4)(b) to the local justice area in which the place or area proposed to be specified is situated included the local justice