section 53 (or an enactment amended by that section) confers power to issue community protection notices. (3) A community protection notice is a notice that imposes any of the following requirements on the individual or body issued with itÑ (a) a requirement to stop doing specified things; (b) a requirement to do specified things; (c) a requirement to take reasonable steps to achieve specified results. (4) The only requirements that may be imposed are ones that are reasonable to impose in orderÑ (a) to prevent the detrimental effect referred to in subsection (1) from continuing or recurring, or (b) to reduce that detrimental effect or to reduce the risk of its continuance or recurrence. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 23 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) A person (A) may issue a community protection notice to an individual or body (B) only ifÑ (a) B has been given a written warning that the notice will be issued unless B's conduct ceases to have the detrimental effect referred to in subsection (1), and (b) A is satisfied that, despite B having had enough time to deal with the matter, B's conduct is still having that effect. (6) A person issuing a community protection notice must before doing so inform any body or individual the person thinks appropriate. (7) A community protection notice mustÑ (a) identify the conduct referred to in subsection (1); (b) explain the effect of sections 46 to 51. (8) A community protection notice may specify periods within which, or times by which, requirements within subsection (3)(b) or (c) are to be complied with. 44 Occupiers of premises etc (1) Conduct on, or affecting, premises (other than premises within subsection (2)) that a particular personÑ (a) owns, (b) leases, (c) occupies, (d) controls, (e) operates, or (f) maintains, is treated for the purposes of section 43 as conduct of that person. (2) Conduct on, or affecting, premises occupied for the purposes of a government department is treated for the purposes of section 43 as conduct of the Minister in charge of that department. (3) This section does not treat an individual's conduct as that of another person if that person cannot reasonably be expected to control or affect it. 45 Occupier or owner unascertainable (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) an authorised person has power to issue a community protection notice, (b) the detrimental effect referred to in section 43(1) arises from the condition of premises or the use to