solving skills.8 Implementation Implementing culturally responsive teaching is simple and has significant benefits. This teaching increases face-to-face communication, open dialogue, and integration of current world issues to better understand studentsÕ backgrounds into the curriculum.9 Therefore, culturally responsive teaching can work to create the same environment DEI policies promote by making students conscious of biases while increasing studentsÕ academic performance. Implementing culturally responsive teaching should begin at higher education levels, as anti-DEI laws primarily target these institutions. It would be beneficial for school boards to look at New York CityÕs framework that affirms racial, linguistic and cultural identities by preparing students for rigorous learning through making them aware of differing perspectives to adequately enact culturally responsive teaching.12 Aiding students as well as teachers is key to making sure the plan can be successful. To understand the benefits in the long term, student and teacher surveys should be sent out at the beginning and end of each academic year to evaluate the progression of culturally responsive teaching. Increasing teacher diversity through recruiting from Minority-Serving Institutions, such as HBCUs, not only helps students due to culturally responsive teaching but also counters backlash from states that are anti-DEI. This way, schools are still able to push for representation and bridging cultural divides amidst hostile states working to eliminate DEI. To determine if culturally responsive teaching is effective, school boards should analyze studentsÕ academic performance prior to and post-implementation in addition to a survey to gauge qualitative and quantitative data about the program, therefore allowing for improvement. Additionally, the retention rates within classes and majors should be used to determine if culturally responsive teaching effectively encourages students through engagement and participation. By collecting data and highlighting success progress, the school board can allocate more money to increasing culturally responsive teaching. Given the banning or limiting of DEI policies in higher education, the money spent on DEI can be reallocated to culturally responsive teaching. Typically, the widely accepted authors who have studied in traditional academic curricula are white. While there is the acknowledgment that there is nothing wrong with traditional readings, there is a push to incorporate more worldly literature.14 Through teachers adding more multicultural works into the curriculum, students can make their own interpretations about todayÕs society and become more informed citizens under culturally responsive teaching. Works Cited [1] NBC News. ÒMap: See Which States Have Introduced or Passed Anti-DEI Bills,Ó March 2, 2024. https://www.nbcnews.com/data- graphics/anti-dei-bills-states- republican-lawmakers-map- rcna140756. [2] Seligman, Lara D. ÒHere Are the States Where Lawmakers Are Seeking to Ban CollegesÕ DEI Efforts.Ó The Chronicle of Higher Education, October 23, 2023. https://www.chronicle.com/article/h ere-are-the-states-where- lawmakers-are-seeking-to-ban- colleges-dei-efforts. [3] Seligman, Lara D. ÒThe Assault on DEI.Ó The Chronicle of Higher Education. https://www.chronicle.com/package /the-assault-on-dei. [4] ÒHome of the Marist Poll | Polls, Analysis, Learning, and More.Ó https://maristpoll.marist.edu/polls/a pril-2024-presidential-election/. [5] BestColleges.ÒMost Students Would Consider Transferring If DEI Initiatives Were Abolished: SurveyÓ https://www.bestcolleges.com/resea rch/most-students-would-consider- transferring-if-dei-initiatives- abolished/. [6] Collinson, David L., and Ryan M. Calo. ÒThe Causes and Consequences of Ending Diversity.Ó Scholars Strategy Network, September 2023. https://scholars.org/contribution/cau ses-and-consequences-ending- diversity.