grounds for proposing to give that direction as he considers appropriate for enabling them to make representations or proposals under the following paragraphs of this subsection; that police authority and chief officer have each been given an opportunity of making representations about those grounds; that police authority has had an opportunity of making proposals for the taking of remedial measures that would make the giving of the direction unnecessary; and the Secretary of State has considered any such representations and any such proposals. The Secretary of State may by regulations make further provision as to the procedure to be followed in cases where a proposal is made for the giving of a direction under this section. Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult with— persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and such other persons as he thinks fit. 6 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 – Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall not be made unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House.” Directions as to action plans F1. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Regulation of equipment For subsections (2) and (3) of section 53 of the 1996 Act (regulations as to standard of equipment), there shall be substituted— “(1A) The Secretary of State may by regulations make any or all of the following provisions— provision requiring all police forces in England and Wales, when using equipment for the purposes specified in the regulations to use only— the equipment which is specified in the regulations; equipment which is of a description so specified; or equipment which is of a type approved by the Secretary of State in accordance with the regulations; provision requiring all police forces in England and Wales to keep available for use the equipment falling within paragraph (a)(i) to (iii) which is specified or described in, or approved in accordance with, the regulations; provision prohibiting all police forces in England and Wales from using equipment of a type approved as mentioned in paragraph (a)(iii) except— where the conditions subject to which the approval was given are satisfied;