the [F629Office] The following are financial years of the [F630Office]— the period beginning with the day on which the [F630Office] is established and ending with 31st March falling next after that day; and every subsequent period of twelve months ending with 31st March. SCHEDULE 3 Section 13 Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Part 1 Handling of complaints Duties to preserve evidence relating to complaints (1) Where a complaint is made about the conduct of a chief officer, it shall be the duty of the [F631local policing body] maintaining his force to secure that all such steps as are appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act are taken, both initially and from time to time after that, for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the conduct complained of. 168 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Where— a complaint is made to a chief officer about the conduct of a person under his direction and control, or a chief officer becomes aware that a complaint about the conduct of a person under his direction or control has been made to the [F632Director General] or to a [F633local policing body], the chief officer shall take all such steps as appear to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the conduct complained of. The chief officer’s duty under sub-paragraph (2) must be performed as soon as practicable after the complaint is made or, as the case may be, he becomes aware of it. After that, he shall be under a duty, until he is satisfied that it is no longer necessary to do so, to continue to take the steps from time to time appearing to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the conduct complained of. It shall be the duty of a [F634local policing body] to comply with all such directions as may be given to it by the [F632Director General] in relation to the performance of its duty under sub-paragraph (1). It shall be the duty of a chief officer to take all such specific steps for obtaining or preserving evidence relating to F635... the subject-matter of a complaint as he may be directed to take for the purposes of this paragraph by the [F636local policing body] maintaining his force or by the [F632Director General]. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling