37 Butt, E. Know economic abuse: 2020 Report: Refuge: 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Technology-facilitated abuse Perpetrators can use technology, including social media to abuse victims. This can happen during and after the relationship. A representative survey conducted by Refuge found that one in six women experiencing at least one behaviour suggestive of online abuse or harassment, reported that the abusive behaviour was perpetrated by a current or ex-partner.38 Some examples of technology-facilitated abuse include: Placing false or malicious information about a victim on their or others’ social media; Setting up false social media accounts in the name of the victim; 'Trolling’ with abusive, offensive or deliberately provocative messages via social media platforms or online forums; Image-based abuse – for example, the creation of false/digitally altered images and the non-consensual distribution, or threat thereof, of private sexual photographs and films with the intent to cause the person depicted distress (‘revenge porn’); ‘Upskirting’ which involves someone taking a picture under another person’s clothing without their knowledge; Hacking into, monitoring or controlling email accounts, social media profiles and phone calls; Blocking the victim from using their online accounts, responding in the victim’s place or creating false online accounts; Use of spyware or GPS locators on items such as phones, computers, wearable technology, cars, motorbikes and pets; Hacking internet enabled devices such as PlayStations or iPads to gain access to accounts or trace information such as a person’s location; Using personal devices such as smart watches or smart home devices (such as Amazon Alexa, Google Home Hubs, etc) to monitor, control or frighten; and Use of hidden cameras. Section 69 of the 2021 Act, amended the offence under section 33 of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015, of disclosing a private sexual photograph or film with intent to cause distress to an individual who appears in the photograph or film, so as to include threats to disclose such photographs and films. This means it is a criminal offence for an individual to threaten to share intimate images without the consent of the individual depicted, with the intent to cause distress. Threats to share intimate or sexual images and films may be used as a part of a pattern of behaviour to control, coerce or distress the victim during a relationship with a 38 Refuge. 2021. Unsocial Spaces: Make online spaces safer for women and girls. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance perpetrator and following separation. A survey undertaken by Refuge39 found that one in 14 adults in England and Wales have experienced threats to share intimate images or videos – equivalent to 4.4 million people. The same survey found that threats to share intimate images are most prevalent amongst young people (aged 18 to 34), with one in seven young women, and one in nine young men experiencing such threats. ‘Revenge porn’ and forms of abuse carried out online can have a significant and long-term impact on a victim. This includes re- traumatisation and is in part due to long-lasting