HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT. This policy has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act 1998 and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this policy are responsible for ensuring that in its application, those to whom the policy applies, shall not receive less favourable treatment because of their age, colour, disability, ethnic or national origin, gender re-assignment, marital status, nationality, race, religion, sex or sexual orientation. This policy has been subject to an equality impact assessment and has been graded Low Impact. A full Equality Impact Assessment can be found on the Equality Impact Assessment SharePoint page. ? Revision History Version Date Summary of Changes 3.0 13.09.2024 Policy adapted onto the new SharePoint policy template. Template v7 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY National Investigators Exam Ð Failures and Deferrals Date of Publication: June 2020 Version: 2.0 Next Review Date: June 2022 POLICY STATEMENT This policy seeks to clarify the process around unsuccessful entrants of the National Investigators Exam (NIE), and explain Wiltshire PoliceÕs stance in relation to deferrals of the exam. This policy is aimed at both police officers and police staff members enrolled on to the Initial Crime Investigators Development Programme (ICIDP). This policy must be read in conjunction with the College of Policing National InvestigatorsÕ Examination Rules & Syllabus The policy is divided into the following sections: • Procedure • Exam Failures • Sickness • Withdrawals and Absences • Exceptional Circumstances Procedure Any police officer or police staff member who is inducted onto the ICIDP process will be required to sit the National Investigators Exam. It is the case in Wiltshire Police that the NIE can only be taken by someone inducted on the ICIDP. Induction to the ICIDP process is required when a police officer or police staff member occupies a role in which they are required to be PIP 2 accredited. In all cases this will be where the police officer or police staff member is in a position where they are required to investigate serious or organised crime, such as PPD, CID, SCD. Police officers and police staff members cannot request to take the NIE without being enrolled on the ICIDP. It is the personal responsibility of the inducted officer/staff member to register themselves for the NIE by the required date as specified by People Development department. Failure to register for the exam will result in the police officer/police staff member being removed from the ICIDP unless they can provide exceptional circumstances to the Detective Superintendent Head of Crime as to why they were unable to complete the registration on time. Once registered for the exam all candidates will have a minimum period of 14 weeks before they are expected to sit the national investigators exam. Exam Failures Wiltshire Police will adopt the changes to the College of Policing rules: If a candidate fails the NIE a second time then a development meeting MUST take place to identify any issues, consideration by both parties given to whether the process