Senior Manager. The employeeÕs written notice of appeal should include full and specific details of the grounds for appeal and whether the appeal is against the finding and/or the level of action taken. The Human Resources Department will arrange the Appeal Hearing ensuring that a minimum of 10 working days notice of the date, time, Chair and location of the Appeal Hearing is given to the employee. At least 5 working days before the appeal hearing, the Human Resources Department will circulate/confirm the documents to be considered at the Appeal hearing. This will include the employeeÕs written notice of appeal, a statement from the Chair of the original hearing outlining the circumstances of the case, the action taken to date and any other relevant correspondence during the intervening period. It will also include witness statements, as witnesses will not normally be asked to attend appeals unless the Chair of the appeal considers it to be absolutely necessary. Any employee pursuing their right of appeal has the right to be represented by a colleague or a Unison representative. The Chair of the Appeal Hearing will make a decision having due regard to the following: • Whether the disciplinary action was fair and reasonable in light of the information known to management at the time of the original hearing. • Whether the prescribed procedures were correctly and fairly implemented. • The Chair of the Appeal Hearing can make the following decisions based on the above: • To dismiss the appeal and endorse the disciplinary action taken at the original hearing. • To uphold the appeal and have the disciplinary record removed from the employeeÕs personal file and re-instate the employee if the employee has been dismissed. • To dismiss the appeal as to the finding but allow as to sanction and substitute a less serious disciplinary penalty. If, in exceptional circumstances, evidence is introduced during an appeal that is considered to be new and significant, the Chair of the original hearing may be called to hear that evidence and consider whether it would have altered their original judgement. If subsequently the employee still wishes to appeal, the appeal hearing will continue. There is no further right of appeal. The ChairÕs decision is final. The employee will normally be informed of the ChairÕs decision at the end of the actual appeal hearing (following an adjournment). In some circumstances the Chair may decide to adjourn to obtain further legal advice and recall the parties no later than 3 working days after the appeal hearing to give their decision. Either way, the decision will be confirmed in writing to the employee within 5 working days of the ChairÕs decision being given. 11. SUSPENSION Every manager has the authority and responsibility to send an employee home if they believe the employee to be a risk to themselves and/or others because of their behaviour or mental/physical state. This would normally be for a period of 24 hours cooling off period. Such action is NOT regarded as suspension