they are personally responsible for the risk assessment and welfare of the detained person. This responsibility continues until the suspect is handed over to the custody officer for a decision regarding detention. Risk assessment means assessing the risk and potential risk that each detainee presents to themselves, staff, other detainees and other people coming into the custody suite. The dynamic nature of the incident and the process of arrest may have a bearing on the assessment which, by its very nature, is likely to be continuous and needs to respond to changing situational requirements. It may be impractical for this assessment to be written, but it must be documented at the earliest opportunity. Officers must be aware that they have a continuing responsibility and duty of care to the detained person and must assess their environment and the impact of their actions. Assessment and monitoring Assessment must be ongoing and must be reviewed throughout the period of detention. The risk that a detainee may pose to themselves and others may alter when a detainee is charged, refused bail or released on bail. The custody officer must, therefore, review the risk assessment at these stages and prior to release or transfer. Escalation and de-escalation of the level of observation appropriate for each detainee (for example, level 1 general observation up to level 4 close proximity) must be based on a current risk assessment that has been appropriately and thoroughly reviewed. Officers must record all risk assessments in the custody record. Risk assessment should be as objective as possible and officers should never make assumptions when assessing risk. Police custody is stressful for most detainees and for some it is particularly traumatic. Simply being placed in a police cell may raise the category of risk immediately for a detainee. Recording information Officers and staff must record all information regarding risks to the detainee in the custody record. The custody officer must be informed of identified risks or changing circumstances that may lead to additional risk and ensure that those risks are documented and managed. Content of risk assessments Officers and staff must record identified risks and control measures in the custody record, as covered by the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) Code C, paragraph 3.8. Paragraph 3.8A requires officers to comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. However, they should not withhold information from any person acting on the detainee’s behalf, for example an appropriate adult, solicitor or interpreter, if to do so might put that person at risk. Advice is available for distribution to third parties required to enter the custody area. See Home Office (034/2007) Safety of Solicitors and Accredited and Probationary Representatives Working in Custody Suites at Police Stations and, where persons are arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000, APP Counter terrorism – OFFICIAL SENSITIVE (this link is only available via College Learn). Responsibility for risk management The arresting or escorting officer should monitor the welfare of the detainee that they