Domestic Abuse and Forced Marriage Helpline Wales Live Fear Free Welsh Government funded, 24 hour, 365 day service with 0800 027 1234 Online live chat helpline@sdafmh.org.uk 0808 80 10 100 Online live chat Text specialists who make referrals info@livefearfreehelpline.wales and link to other services and advice. UK-wide The MenÕs Advice Line run by Respect is a confidential helpline specifically for male victims. 0808 801 0327 info@mensadviceline.org.uk Bright Sky app Bright Sky is a mobile app and website for anyone experiencing domestic abuse, or who is worried about someone else. The app can be downloaded for free from the app stores. Only download the app if it is safe for you to do so and if you are sure that your phone isnÕt being monitored. WomenÕs Aid local support services directory WomenÕs Aid have a directory of domestic abuse support services across the UK. If you are experiencing domestic abuse or are worried about friends or family, you can access the WomenÕs Aid live chat service 7 days a week, 10am to 6pm. helpline@womensaid.org.uk Victim Support Victim Support run these services for victims and survivors of any abuse or crime, regardless of when it occurred or if the crime was reported to the police: free, independent and confidential 24/7 Supportline 08 08 16 89 111 live chat service My Support Space - free online resource Safe Spaces Safes Spaces are safe, confidential rooms where victims can take some time to reflect, access information on specialist support services or call friends or family. Safe Spaces are also available in Boots, Morrisons, Superdrug and Well pharmacies, TSB banks and independent pharmacies across the UK. Find your nearest Safe Space. Check whether someone has an abusive past If you are concerned that a new, former or existing partner has an abusive past you can ask the police to check under the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme (also known as ÔClareÕs LawÕ). This is your Ôright to askÕ. If records show that you may be at risk of domestic abuse, the police will consider disclosing the information. A disclosure can be made if it is legal, proportionate and necessary to do so. If you are concerned about a friend or family member, you can apply for a disclosure on behalf of someone you know. You can make a request to the police for information about a personÕs previous violent o?ending in person at the police station or elsewhere, by telephone, by email, online or as part of a police investigation. Support agencies and services can also help you ask the police about this. Get a court order to protect you or your child If youÕre a victim of domestic abuse you can apply for a court order or injunction to protect yourself or your child from: your current or previous partner a family member someone you currently or previously lived with This is called a non-molestation or occupation order. You can apply online, by email or by post. Get a non-molestation or occupation order if youÕve