this section a person shall be taken to have witnessed conduct if, and only if— he acquired his knowledge of that conduct in a manner which would make him a competent witness capable of giving admissible evidence of that conduct in criminal proceedings; or he has in his possession or under his control anything which would in any such proceedings constitute admissible evidence of that conduct. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 25 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F115For the purposes of this Part a person is not to be taken to have authorised another person to make a complaint on his behalf unless—] that other person is for the time being designated for the purposes of this Part by the [F116Director General] as a person through whom complaints may be made, or he is of a description of persons so designated; or the other person has been given, and is able to produce, the written consent to his so acting of the person on whose behalf he acts. For the purposes of this Part, a person is serving with the police if— he is a member of a police force; [F117(aa) he is a civilian employee of a police force;] he is an employee of [F118the Common Council of the City of London] who is under the direction and control of a chief officer; F119... he is a special constable who is under the direction and control of a chief officer[F120; or he is a person designated as a community support volunteer or a policing support volunteer under section 38.] [F121(8) The Secretary of State may make regulations providing that, for the purposes of this Part and of any regulations made under this Part— a contractor, a sub-contractor of a contractor, or an employee of a contractor or a sub-contractor, is to be treated as a person serving with the police.] [F121(9) Regulations under subsection (8) may make modifications to this Part, and to any regulations made under this Part, in its application to those persons.] [F121(10) In subsection (8) “contractor” means a person who has entered into a contract with a local policing body or a chief officer to provide services to a chief officer.] 26 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may