for which additional training will be required. In addition to the guidance given in Part 1, Step 4.4, as a minimum all staff should receive training about: • the items listed in your emergency plan; • the importance of fire doors and other basic fire-prevention measures; • where relevant, the appropriate use of firefighting equipment; • the importance of reporting to the assembly area; • exit routes and the operation of exit devices, including physically walking these routes; • general matters such as permitted smoking areas or restrictions on cooking other than in designated areas; and • assisting disabled persons where necessary. Training is necessary: • when staff start employment or are transferred into the premises; • when changes have been made to the emergency plan and the preventive and protective measures; • where working practices and processes or peopleÕs responsibilities change; • to take account of any changed risks to the safety of staff or other relevant persons; • 110 • to ensure that staff know what they have to do to safeguard themselves and others on the premises; • where staff are expected to assist disabled persons; and • if a member of staff may take on the role of duty manager. Training should be repeated as often as necessary and should take place during working hours. Whatever training you decide is necessary to support your fire safety strategy and emergency plan, it should be verifiable. Enforcing authorities may want to examine records as evidence that adequate training has been given. Fire marshals Staff expected to undertake the role of fire marshals (often called fire wardens) would require more comprehensive training. Their role may include: • helping those on the premises to leave; • checking the premises to ensure everyone has left; • using firefighting equipment if safe to do so; • liaising with the fire and rescue service on arrival; • shutting down vital or dangerous equipment; and • performing a supervisory/managing role in any fire situation. Training for this role may include: • detailed knowledge of the fire safety strategy of the premises; • awareness of human behaviour in fires; • how to encourage others to use the most appropriate escape route; • how to search safely and recognise areas that are unsafe to enter; • the difficulties that some people, particularly if disabled, may have in escaping and any special evacuation arrangements that have been pre-planned; • additional training in the use of firefighting equipment; • an understanding of the purpose of any fixed firefighting equipment such as sprinklers or gas flooding systems; and • reporting of faults, incidents and near misses. Fire drills Once the emergency plan has been developed and training given, you will need to evaluate its effectiveness. The best way to do this is to perform a fire drill. This should be carried out at least annually or as determined by your fire risk assessment. If you have a high staff turnover, you may need to carry them out more often.