of assembly ISBN-13: 978 1 85112 821 1 Larger premises where more than 300 people could gather, e.g. shopping centres (not the individual shops), large nightclubs and pubs, exhibition and conference centres, sports stadia, marquees, museums, libraries, churches, cathedrals and other places of worship or study. Theatres, cinemas and similar premises ISBN-13: 978 1 85112 822 8 Theatres, cinemas, concert halls and similar premises used primarily for this purpose. Open air events and venues ISBN-13: 978 1 85112 823 5 Open air events, e.g. theme parks, zoos, music concerts, sporting events (not stadia Ð see Large places of assembly), fairgrounds and county fairs. Healthcare premises ISBN-13: 978 1 85112 824 2 Premises where the primary use is the provision of healtcare (including private), e.g. hospitals, doctorsÕ surgeries, dentists and other similar healthcare premises. Transport premises and facilities ISBN-13: 978 1 85112 825 9 Transportation terminals and interchanges, e.g. airports, railway stations (including sub-surface), transport tunnels, ports, bus and coach stations and similar premises but excluding the the means of transport (e.g. trains, buses, planes and ships). Industry Security Notice Number 2022/10 Subject: Clarification on Requirements for Remote Working with MOD Material Introduction 1. The UK Defence Supply Base processes a significant amount of MOD material at the OFFICIAL classification level. 2. This ISN provides clarification in respect of how to work on such material when working remotely, for instance when dealing with COVID-19 travel restrictions. Issue 3. The typical requirements placed on the Defence Supply Base for protection of MOD material assume a situation where a majority of staff needing access are on premises, with remote working normally being handled on an exception basis. 4. This clarification provides generic requirements for Remote Working with MOD Material. 1. Action by Industry 5. Members of the UK Defence Supply Base needing to support Remote Working shall follow the additional stipulations below, in respect of: • Remote Working Practices • Discussion of MOD Information • Securing MOD Information • Physical Site Security • Security Breaches 6. Remote Working Practices. Existing mandatory security practices shall be followed when handling MOD information classified at SECRET and above, in accordance with the Security Aspect Letter (SAL). 7. When handling MOD information classified as OFFICIAL, or OFFICIAL with need-to- know restrictions (for example, OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE), this shall: i. follow the current company processes for approval of remote working; ii. only be on company issued and managed devices, systems and/or services within the UK, unless export and accreditation approval have been obtained; iii. only use a secure WiFi connection that is password protected; iv. use a VPN (where appropriate), in line with company profile. 8. MOD information shall not be under-classified so that it can be worked on remotely. 9. Personal devices and/or accounts shall not be used to handle MOD information, this includes forwarding work email containing MOD information to personal email accounts. 10. Discussing MOD Information. MOD Information classified at OFFICIAL and/or OFFICIAL with need-to-know restrictions (for example OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE) may be discussed in the UK using the