the use of firearms under the supervision of a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may, without holding a certificate or obtaining the authority of the Secretary of State under section 5 of the principal Act, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition on relevant premises for the purposes of the training or assessment. Auctioneers, carriers, warehousemen and their servants 6.21 The exemption in section 9(1) of the 1968 Act is limited to possession in the ordinary course of the business of the auctioneer, carrier or warehouseman. However, to sell firearms and ammunition by auction, expose for sale by auction or have in their possession for sale by auction, an auctioneer still requires a permit issued by the chief officer of police for the area in which the auction is to be held. When auctioneers are selling firearms or shot guns, or ammunition for either, they should ensure that the persons purchasing the items either have the relevant certificate or permit, or are able to show that they are exempt from the requirement for such a certificate (see Chapter 5). 6.22 Section 14 of the 1988 Act requires that an auctioneer, carrier or warehouseman takes reasonable precautions for the safe custody of the firearms or ammunition in their or their servantsÕ possession in the course of their business. The loss or theft of any such firearm or ammunition must also be reported to the police immediately. Section 2 shot gun ammunition is outside the scope of this provision because its possession is not subject to certificate control. Failure to adhere to the requirements in section 14 is a criminal offence carrying a maximum of 6 months imprisonment or a level 5 fine (or both). 6.23 It is considered that section 9(1) of the 1968 Act does not exempt auctioneers, carriers or warehousemen from the requirement to have a section 5 authority in respect of any prohibited weapon or prohibited ammunition which they may possess, whether in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. This is because, in section 57(4) of the 1968 Act, the word ÒcertificateÓ is defined as meaning a Òfirearm certificateÓ or a Òshot gun certificateÓ. It is therefore considered that the 44 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law reference to a ÒcertificateÓ in section 9(1) of the 1968 Act does not also include an authority granted under section 5 of the 1968 Act. 6.24 It is the Secretary of StateÕs view therefore, that for auctioneers, carriers or warehousemen to take possession of any prohibited weapons or ammunition in Great Britain they must first have an authority granted by the Secretary of State or Scottish Ministers under the provisions of section 5 of the 1968 Act. Direction and control 6.25 It should be noted that ÒpossessionÓ relates not only to physical possession and that a person exercising Òdirection and controlÓ over prohibited items might also be said to be in possession of them (see Chapter 3 for details of the procedure for seeking the authority of the