Òchief officers of police, the Director General of the National Crime Agency, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force and the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence PoliceÓ. 172 List of countries (1) The Secretary of State mayÑ (a) prepare a list of countries and territories outside the United Kingdom in which the Secretary of State considers children are at a high risk of sexual abuse or sexual exploitation from United Kingdom nationals or United Kingdom residents, or (b) direct a relevant person to prepare a list of countries and territories outside the United Kingdom in which the relevant person considers children are at a high risk of sexual abuse or sexual exploitation from United Kingdom nationals or United Kingdom residents. (2) If a list is prepared by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State must lay the list before Parliament. (3) If a list is prepared by a relevant personÑ (a) the relevant person must submit the list to the Secretary of State, and (b) the Secretary of State must lay the list before Parliament. (4) As soon as reasonably practicable after a list has been laid before Parliament, the person who prepared the list must publish it. (5) A list published under subsection (4) has effect for the purposes ofÑ (a) section 346 of the Sentencing Code (exercise of power to make sexual harm prevention order), (b) section 350 of the Sentencing Code (sexual harm prevention orders: variations, renewals and discharges), (c) section 103A of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (sexual harm prevention orders: applications and grounds), (d) section 103E of that Act (sexual harm prevention orders: variations, renewals and discharges), (e) section 103F of that Act (interim sexual harm prevention orders), (f) section 122A of that Act (sexual risk orders: applications, grounds and effect), (g) section 122D of that Act (sexual risk orders: variations, renewals and discharges), (h) section 122E of that Act (interim sexual risk orders), (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 201 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) section 136ZG of that Act (variation of sexual harm prevention order made in Scotland by court in England and Wales), (j) section 136ZH of that Act (variation of sexual offences prevention order or foreign travel order by court in England and Wales), and (k) section 136ZI of that Act (variation of sexual risk order made in Scotland by court in England and Wales). (6) If a list has been published, the person who