Register; o to facilitate Category 1 and 2 responders in the delivery of their CCA duties; o to help deliver government policy by co-ordinating responses to government initiatives; and o to help determine a procedure for the formation of a Strategic Co-ordinating Group (SCG) by the relevant local responders at the time of an emergency. The fundamental role and first purpose of the LRF in England and Wales is as a co-ordinating group for local responders engaged in preparedness for emergencies at the police force area level.42 It should enable any of the members to bring issues forward for discussion and agreement on combined initiatives. All responders build up over time an understanding of the challenges and pressures faced by their partners and an experience of working together. A second purpose of the LRF reflects a strategic approach to preparing for emergencies. The importance of the LRF preparing the Community Risk Register (CRR) 43 is that its members develop a consistent understanding of the hazards and threats across the LRF area. The risk register also provides a sound basis for joint working. An agreed risk assessment across all the local partners helps determine the priority issues they must be ready to deal with. 42 regulation 4(4)(b), 4(5)-(7) 43 regulation 15 2.48. Another strategic purpose of the LRF is to support the duty-holders so that they perform their legal responsibilities better than they would if they were acting on their own.44 The five main duties of the Act, plus the co-operation and information sharing duties, provide a substantial agenda which changes and evolves. Many emergency situations demand multi-agency working across all the partners, including the development of multi-agency LRF plans and the exercising of those plans. Support may also be needed with protocols for information sharing and other matters and with agreements about which of the partners will act as a lead responder. The LRF is also likely to be involved with supporting the development of performance management procedures and with encouraging good practice. 2.49. A fourth purpose reflects the position of the LRF in the resilience chain (see paragraph 2.92 below), namely the importance to the government of a group which will: o take forward at the local level initiatives which need to be developed within a national framework; and o facilitate discussion between local responders as requested by government and report back. Expectations from central government for delivery within a national framework are placed on LRFs Ð or, strictly, on the Category 1 responders, supported by the Category 2 responders, who make up the LRF Ð for example, as part of the governmentÕs national capabilities programme. These expectations require formal responses and considerable engagement under the LRFÕs work programme. The relationship between central government and the Category 1 and 2 responders, as mediated by the LRFs, is discussed further below (see paragraphs 2.92-2.94). 44 s. 2 (5)(h) 2.50. Finally, as stated, the LRF does not have an operational role. It facilitates preparedness at the local level. Nevertheless, when an