h. policies on the use of income from fixed penalties i. what records are kept, and how information associated with enforcement action is used. Enforcing authorities may also choose to make clear their policies on when a fixed penalty should not be issued. It is recommended that enforcing authorities explore the benefits of consistent, and possibly collaborative, approaches to enforcement with neighbouring authorities. 11C.0 Financial objectives 11C.1 The receipts from fixed penalties for environmental offences may be retained by enforcing authorities in accordance with the relevant legislation, and may only be spent in accordance with that legislation. Different rules on the use of receipts apply, depending on the enforcing authority and the offence: Local authorities Offence Penalty receipts may be spent on functions relating to: Litter Graffiti Fly-posting Unauthorised distribution of free printed material on designated land Littering from a vehicle (civil penalty) Litter and refuse (including keeping land and highways clear of litter and refuse, and enforcement against littering and littering from vehicles); graffiti and fly-posting; controlling and enforcing against the unauthorised distribution of free literature Nuisance parking Road traffic, litter and refuse Abandoning a vehicle Road traffic, litter and refuse Fly-tipping Waste on land Household waste duty of care Waste on land Failing to show waste documents Waste on land Other authorities 11C.2 National Park authorities can use fixed penalty notice receipts for their own litter enforcement. 11C.3 The Broads authority can use fixed penalty notice receipts for functions relating to litter and anti-social behaviour. 11C.4 The Environment Agency must pay its fixed penalty notice receipts to the Secretary of State. 11C.5 The police must pay receipts from fixed penalty notices issued by Police Community Support Officers to their local authority. 11D.0 Funding enforcement activity 11D.1 Raising revenue should never be an objective of enforcement. 11D.2 Local authorities may spend the income from fixed penalties issued for littering offences on their functions relating to litter (including keeping their relevant land clear of litter and refuse, keeping relevant highways clean, and enforcement against littering), and on enforcement against graffiti and fly-posting offences. This may include spending on communications and education to abate littering, or on the provision of bins and other street litter disposal infrastructure. 11D.3 As far as is possible, enforcement should be self-financing, and neither national nor local taxpayers should be expected to meet any deficit. Any surplus income must only be spent in accordance with the provisions set out in the relevant enabling statute. We recognise that, for good governance purposes, enforcement authorities may need to forecast enforcement revenue in advance, but the effectiveness of enforcement activity should be measured in terms of improved environmental cleanliness, and authorities should not set targets for revenue or number of penalties issued. 11D.4 Enforcing authorities should run their enforcement operations efficiently, effectively and economically. Enforcing authorities must set fixed penalties, within the ranges specified in the Environmental Offences (Fixed Penalties) (England) Regulations 2017. They should select an appropriate level to reflect local circumstances, including local ability to pay. 11E.0