appropriate means of transporting the injured to hospitals conduct the termination of death and verification of death National interagency liaison officers (NILOs) National interagency liaison officers (NILOs) are security vetted, trained and identifiable emergency responders from the fire and rescue service, ambulance service, HM Coastguard, military and police. They may operate in either a command, tactical advisor or service specific role. They can support pre-planned or spontaneous operations at strategic, tactical and operational levels, including facilitating interoperable working with partner agencies. Command and control Operational structure The SERM will assume control within the inner cordon from the fire and rescue scene commander. In addition to liaising with the tactical health, safety, wellbeing and welfare lead, a specialist health and safety adviser should be consulted regarding scene safety, as appropriate to the type and scale of incident. The SERM will establish a: scene access control point scene evidence recovery group joint health and safety cell The SERM is responsible for: ensuring that the inner cordon is clearly delineated and secure agreeing access and documentation for the inner cordon deploying specialist personnel, to work in confined spaces or work safely at height, and equipment The diagram below demonstrates the type of command structure that the SERM will operate under. Diagram of the types of command structure that the SERM will operate under. Operational plan The SERM develops an operational plan for recovering the deceased, human remains, property and evidence. The senior identification manager (SIM) and senior investigating officer (SIO) should approve the plan. It contains: a risk assessment of the scene health and safety procedures to be adopted (including personal protective equipment) details for establishing a victim holding audit area (VHAA) for the deceased persons and human remains a property and evidence audit area Scene evidence recovery group The SERM will manage all actions undertaken during the retrieval and investigation stage of the operation at the scene until the scene is officially handed over to the local authority, normally at the recovery phase. The SERM will develop and implement a coordinated plan to retrieve deceased persons, human remains, property and evidence from the scene. These exhibits will then be examined by appropriate investigating agencies. To achieve these outcomes, the SERM will form and chair a scene evidence recovery group consisting of people with a role to play in recovering the deceased, human remains, property and evidence from the scene (see diagram of a scene evidence recovery group). Scene evidence recovery group members This group may include: scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) victim recovery team leader property recovery team leader operational scene commander police search adviser police forensic adviser or crime scene manager health and safety coordinator Health and Safety Executive (HSE) adviser fire and rescue service scene commander a representative of other statutory investigative agencies, for example, the air accident investigation branch (AAIB), marine accident investigation branch (MAIB) and rail accident investigation branch (RAIB) Logistics coordinator Environment Agency representative local authority representative, for example an emergency planning officer, building control inspector or