ofÑ (a) the House of Commons; (b) the Scottish Parliament; (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 67 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (c) the National Assembly for Wales; (d) the Northern Ireland Assembly; (e) the European Parliament. 68 Citizenship condition (1) This section applies for the purposes of section 66. (2) A person satisfies the citizenship condition if the person isÑ (a) a qualifying Commonwealth citizen, (b) a citizen of the Republic of Ireland, or (c) a [F62qualifying EU citizen or an EU citizen with retained rights]. (3) For the purposes of this section, a person is a qualifying Commonwealth citizen if the person is a Commonwealth citizen andÑ (a) is not a person who requires leave under the Immigration Act 1971 to enter or remain in the United Kingdom, or (b) is a person who requires such leave but for the time being has (or is, by virtue of any enactment, to be treated as having) indefinite leave to remain within the meaning of that Act. (4) But a person who does not require leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom by virtue only of section 8 of the Immigration Act 1971 (exceptions to requirement for leave in special cases) is not a qualifying Commonwealth citizen by virtue of subsection (3)(a). F63(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 69 Validity of acts The acts of a person elected as police and crime commissioner for a police area under this Chapter who acts in that office are, despite any disqualificationÑ (a) from being, or being elected as, a police and crime commissioner, or (b) from being, or being elected as police and crime commissioner for that area, as valid and effectual as if the person had not been so disqualified. Elections: further provision 70 Declaration of acceptance of office of police and crime commissioner (1) A person elected to the office of police and crime commissioner for any police area may not act in that office unless the person hasÑ (a) made a declaration of acceptance of the office in a form specified in an order made by the Secretary of State F64..., and (b)