that information stored on the electronic device is relevant to that purpose, and (c) in any case, the authorised person is satisfied that exercise of the power is necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose within subsection (2) for which the person proposes to exercise the power. (6) Subsection (7) applies if the authorised person thinks that, in exercising the power, there is a risk of obtaining information other thanÑ (a) information necessary for a purpose within subsection (2) for which the authorised person may exercise the power, or (b) information necessary for a purpose within subsection (2) of section 41 (investigations of death) for which the authorised person may exercise the power in subsection (1) of that section. (7) The authorised person must, to be satisfied that the exercise of the power in subsection (1) is proportionate, be satisfied thatÑ (a) there are no other means of obtaining the information sought by the authorised person which avoid that risk, or (b) there are such other means, but it is not reasonably practicable to use them. (8) Subsection (9) applies if the authorised person thinks that, in exercising the power in subsection (1), there is a risk of obtaining confidential information. (9) The authorised person must, to be satisfied that the exercise of the power is proportionateÑ (a) have regard to the matters in subsection (10), and (b) be satisfied thatÑ (i) there are no other means of obtaining the information sought by the authorised person which avoid that risk, or (ii) there are such other means, but it is not reasonably practicable to use them. (10) The matters referred to in subsection (9)(a) areÑ (a) the amount of confidential information likely to be stored on the device, and (b) the potential relevance of the confidential information toÑ (i) a purpose within subsection (2) for which the authorised person may exercise the power, or (ii) a purpose within subsection (2) of section 41 for which the authorised person may exercise the power in subsection (1) of that section. (11) An authorised person must have regard to the code of practice for the time being in force under section 42 in exercising, or deciding whether to exercise, the power in subsection (1). (1) 40 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (12) This section does not affect any power relating to the extraction or production of information, or any power to seize any