HR advisors and HR Managers as appropriate for early intervention of excessive OT use. Management of Overtime To ensure officers and staff maintain a healthy work/life balance and receive suitable time away from the work environment, limit triggers on overtime worked have been introduced. These are: • An officer or staff member cannot work more than 20% of their contracted hours in overtime per year • Any officer or staff member that works more than an average of 48hrs within a 17 week period, will be flagged at PIB. Their line manager will be required to feedback to the individual seeking to review their health and wellbeing and instigating remedial action to reduce excessive hours. Consideration of completing a Working Time opt out should be taken and recorded. (Period 1) • If, following a further 4 week period, an officer or staff member continues to work an average of more than 48hrs within a 17 week period, their line manager will be invited to attend PIB and justify. Confirming what feedback has been given to the individual regarding their health and wellbeing and what remedial action is in place • to reduce excessive hours. Consideration of completing a Working Time opt out should be taken and recorded.(Period 2) • If, following a further 4 week period, an officer or staff member continues to work more than an average of 48hrs within in a 17 week period their SLT member should be invited to PIB to justify. Confirming what feedback has been given to the individual regarding their health and wellbeing and what remedial action is in place to reduce excessive hours. Consideration of completing a Working Time opt out should be taken and recorded. (Period 3) The Force aims to discourage a persistent, long hours working culture. But, recognises as an Ôemergency serviceÕ, running 24 hours, 365 days a year, some flexibility will be required when working on at the end of a shift to maintain to provide some additional hours in times of severe demand i.e. winter pressures and/or major incidents as being a genuine occupational requirement. Overall, this procedure aims to provide greater workforce flexibility for the RMU, DLTÕs and SLTÕs to cover resource demand at short notice and maintain appropriate skill levels. Through the provision of additional hours and overtime from our existing workforce, we can resource all available requirements. However there is an expectation that first line supervisors and line managers are required to monitor and manage the overtime within their teams. As a manager of a team you are required within your one to one ensures to ensuring that individuals are complying with the working time directive. Individuals must take responsibility in informing their first line supervisor or line manager to inform them if they are undertaking overtime within a different role or area of the Force. Compliance This policy complies with the following legislation and policy: • Working Time Regulations 1998 • Police Regulations 2003 Glossary of Terms Term Meaning JNCC Joint Negotiation and