escape route across a roof Revolving doors, wicket doors, sliding doors and roller shutters Revolving doors should not normally be considered as escape doors unless the leaves fold outward to form a clear opening upon pressure from within or standard doors of the required exit width are provided next to the revolving door. Ideally wicket doors or gates should have a minimum opening height of 1.5m. The bottom of the door should not be more than 250mm above the floor and the width should be preferably more than 500mm but not less than 450mm. Normally wicket doors will only be suitable for up to 15 members of staff however, in areas of a higher fire risk, this should be reduced to a maximum of three. Loading and goods delivery doors, shutters (roller, folding or sliding), up-and-over doors and similar openings are not normally suitable for use as a final exit. However, they may be suitable for escape from areas of normal risk by small numbers of staff as long as they are not likely to be obstructed and can be easily and immediately opened manually, even if normally power-operated and the staff are familiar with the escape routes. Sliding doors are not normally suitable on escape routes unless they are for the sole use of members of staff. Where provided, a notice with the words Ôslide to openÕ with an arrow pointing in the direction of opening, should be permanently displayed at about eye level on the face of the door. 84 Final exit doors and escape away from the premises Good escape routes to a final exit will be of little benefit if the occupants are not able to get out of the building and quickly disperse from the area to a place of total safety. It is also important to consider where people will go once they have evacuated from the premises. The matters that you should consider include the following: • Final exit doors should be quickly and easily openable without a key or code in the event of a fire. Where possible, there should be only one fastening. See Appendix B3 for more information on security fastenings. • Final exit doors should not lead people into an enclosed area from which there is no further escape. • Where a final exit discharges into an enclosed area, further access to a place of total safety should be available by means of further doors or gates that can be easily opened in a manner similar to the final exit. 4.2 Escape route layout The examples listed in Table 3 on page 86 show typical escape route solutions for a range of common building layouts. In each case the solution is for a normal risk building unless otherwise illustrated. These are not intended to be prescriptive or exhaustive but merely to help you understand how the principles of means of escape may be applied in practice. They are illustrative of the key features of escape route layouts and not