in seminars/events Existing events/seminars targeted at businesses or the voluntary sector, whether organised by the Local Authority Economic Development Department or other local partners, can be used to communicate the message on BCM promotion and to publicise sources of information on BCM, either provided by the local authority or by a third party. Facilitating or hosting events Local authorities may choose, individually or in collaboration with others, to organise their own BCM events, e.g. regional or local business continuity fairs or seminars. A seminar or fair could be used to launch a new BCM forum. The costs incurred by local authorities might be met by charging a small attendance fee, inviting firms to sponsor such events, or by seeking collaboration from business or voluntary sector representative bodies. (See Box 8.2 for a short case study of similar activity undertaken by Tyne and Wear Emergency Planning Unit.) Establishing a business continuity forum The formation of business continuity forums, facilitated by local authorities, can encourage members of the business community to participate. These forums can promote business continuity management, and help to consolidate a local network, within which businesses can learn from each other and liaise with Category 1 and 2 responders. Local authorities and the emergency services are often already engaged with the business and voluntary sector communities, for example, in planning for evacuation in the face of a threat of flooding or terrorism or the fire prevention work undertaken by the Fire and Rescue Service. These links provide a strong basis for developing a business forum looking at BCM or emergency planning issues in the round. Forums can be used to strengthen the links between businesses and LRFs. (See also the case studies 2 and 5 in Box 8.3.) Specific advice 8.63. Whilst local authorities are more likely to achieve value for money through events and promotion activities that reach out to a wide audience, there is nothing to prevent the provision of specific advice as part of the method of discharging the duty. However, this is likely to be more time consuming and the following paragraphs should be noted. 8.64. Whichever approach local authorities take to the provision of specific information and advice to businesses or voluntary organisations requesting further support, they should consider developing a documented policy statement, in order to manage the expectations of local organisations and ensure consistency and fairness. 8.65. Local authorities should also be aware of professional liability issues when giving specific advice and assistance. In order to reduce the risk of claims of negligence or breach of contract, local authorities should: o only become involved in areas where they are competent and experienced enough to give advice and assistance; o be clear about the status and limits of advice; o clearly flag up areas of uncertainty or assumptions that have been made; and o consider the use of disclaimers where appropriate. 8.66. However, liability issues should not deter local authorities from giving detailed advice and assistance. If managed correctly, the risk of legal