of the household waste duty of care. An e?ective environmental o?ences enforcement regime is one that is proportionate, consistent, targeted, transparent and accountable. Under the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Act 2006, you have a duty to carry out regulatory activities in a way which is transparent, accountable, proportionate and consistent, and for them to be targeted only at cases in which action is needed. In no circumstances should enforcement be used as a means to generate income. If an individual is considered to be a vulnerable person (for example due to age related ill-health or a mental or physical disability or divergence), you should give close consideration as to whether it is proportionate and in the public interest to proceed with enforcement, on a case-by-case basis. An individual giving their waste to a friend or family member to dispose of would breach the duty of care. However, it would only be appropriate and in the public interest to enforce in this and similar circumstances where there is evidence the friend or family member has disposed of the waste inappropriately. For example enforcement would not be appropriate if a neighbour takes their waste to the local household waste recycling centre. To help reduce the potential for breaches of the Duty of Care, Local Authorities should have regard to the WRAP Household Waste Recycling Centre (HWRC) Guide in relation to promoting responsible behaviour by local residents through not charging residents for waste from small scale DIY activities. 3.2 Local authority waste collections This FPN is not applicable where an individual intends for waste to be collected by the local authority collection service, for instance where this is put out in household waste or recycling bins. It is reasonable to believe the local authority or any contracted provider working on their behalf is an authorised person and so in putting the waste out for collection by a local authority, the individual has taken all reasonable steps to ensure the person they transfer it to is authorised. Other penalties are already available for individuals not complying with waste receptacle requirements and this FPN does not provide a substitute or supplementary penalty for it. 3.3 Tradespersons As per section 5.2 of the Waste Duty of Care Code of Practice, where a tradesperson is working on a property, they are responsible for the waste they produce. As the occupier is not producing the waste, they are not transferring it to the tradesperson and so the duty of care does not apply. 3.4 Household waste cleared by landlords Where a landlord is arranging the clearance of premises after a tenancy has ended, the resulting waste is not considered to be household waste, nor are they the occupier. This means the duty of care under Section 34(1) of the Environmental Protection Act applies instead and this FPN cannot be used. 3.5 Investigating the fly-tipper You should give consideration to whether the evidence provided by an individual investigated for breach of the household waste duty of care enables investigation