cause harm and call for police attention. Analysis involves systematic study into the causes or conditions that lead to a problem or enable it to persist. Response is the development or implementation of measures to try to reduce or eliminate the problem. Assessment is evaluation to determine whether the response has worked out as intended and whether the problem has been removed, reduced or unintentionally aggravated. The SARA model has four stages. 1. Scanning Ð identifying and prioritising potential crime and disorder problems. 2. Analysis Ð analysis of potential problems by gathering information and intelligence to identify underlying causes. 3. Response Ð development and implementation of tailored activities to address the causes of the problem identified in the analysis phase. 4. Assessment Ð measurement of the impact of the response, to test if it had the desired e?ect and to make changes to the response if required. There is a logical sequence to the SARA process. But in practice, good problem solving is often not linear. Analysis may lead to redefinitions of the problem and a return to scanning. Responses may need changes that call for further analysis. Assessments may indicate that a problem remains, suggesting that the process needs to start again. So when working through the SARA model, treat the different elements as fluid. Be willing to revisit earlier stages as new information emerges and modifications are required. That said, there are general requirements that should be met before moving through the different stages of SARA. These can be seen in our checklists. Analysis At this stage, you have drawn on a wide range of data and intelligence sources and decided on a specific type of crime on which to focus your problem-solving efforts. You understand: how the problem is trending where and when it is most concentrated the harms it generates The next step is to explore further to identify the causes and conditions that enable your problem to persist. This step is analysis. ? Video Transcript At this stage of the SARA process, it is important to keep in mind that problem solving does not require you to identify and address all of the causes that give rise to your selected problem. That would be unrealistic. Some immediate situational factors are beyond the reach of practical local problem solving. Instead, effective problem analysis is about analysing a problem to identify so-called pinch points. Pinch points Pinch points are those causes and conditions that: contribute to a problem are open to preventive intervention by the police and partners The goal of problem analysis is therefore to help you identify an appropriate and effective response that is based on those pinch points and can be delivered within the resources of your organisation. Effective problem solving is finding pinch points that can be changed by responses that can be implemented in a reasonable time frame, but that also have a sustained impact. Analysis tools Two tools can help to break down your problem and structure your analysis. These are: