PACE 1984 only applies to human tissue seized under section 19 of PACE 1984. If human tissue is seized by police using their common law powers, then their power to retain it is determined by the common law too. Sections 19 and 22 of PACE 1984 are drafted widely to justify the retention of human material for so long as there remains a compelling criminal justice purpose. Conversely the developed common law police power of retention of seized items permits them to be retained for the duration of criminal proceedings but for no longer. There is no doubt that the seizure and retention of human tissue either under PACE 1984 or the common law will automatically engage police obligations of retention and disclosure under the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 (ÔCPIA 1996Õ). When considering the lawfulness of retention, it is important to be able to demonstrate that certain requirements are met, for example: • The rationale for retention should be recorded with reference to the test in section 22 of PACE 1984 (where applicable). • The lines of authority and decision-maker/s should be clearly defined; • There should be provision for reasonably regular reviews of the question of retention. The system adopted should be one which strives to identify an end point for police retention. There may be cases in which retention of some samples is virtually indefinite but that should be the result of the application of a test to the particular case which at least some, if not, most cases, results in an end point being reached. Material taken from the body and seized under section 19 of PACE 1984 or the common law is subject to the same level of continuity as any other police criminal property or exhibit. For this reason, a trained exhibits officer should be present at the post mortem to ensure that tissue is correctly documented and proper continuity is maintained. It is important to note that if a forensic post mortem examination is ordered by a coroner in circumstances where a criminal offence is not suspected, the powers under PACE 1984 will not be engaged Guiding principle The guiding principle for police is that if it is deemed by the Senior Investigating Officer (ÔSIOÕ) that the human tissue in question may assist the criminal investigation into the death of the deceased, it should be seized and retained under police authority using section 19 and 22 of PACE 1984 or the common law and not the coronerÕs authority. The decision to seize and retain human tissue under the policeÕs authority eliminates the complexities arising from the simultaneous application of two separate systems for seizure and retention decision making, which arises when retained under the coronerÕs authority as well as the policeÕs. The SIO should also consider (in consultation with the forensic pathologist and Crown Prosecution Service (ÔCPSÕ)) whether an image or histological samples would be sufficient when deciding whether to retain human tissue during the police investigation and for subsequent trial and