before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 147 Supplementary (1) Where the relevant magistrates' court proposes to exercise its powers under paragraph 5, otherwise than on the application of the offender, it must summon the offender to appear before the court and, if the offender does not appear in answer to the summons, may issue a warrant for the arrest of the offender. An order may not be amended under this Part of this Schedule while an appeal against the order is pending. Part 4 Supplementary Detention and remand of arrested offender (1) This paragraph applies where the offender is arrested in pursuance of a warrant under this Schedule and cannot be brought immediately before the court before which the warrant directs him to be brought (“the appropriate court”). The person in whose custody the offender is must, as soon as practicable and in any event before the end of the period of 72 hours beginning with the time of the arrest, bring the offender before— any youth court, if the offender is under the age of 18, or any magistrates' court other than a youth court, if the offender is aged 18 or over. That person may make arrangements for the offender to be detained until brought before the court. If the offender is under the age of 18 at the time of the arrest, the arrangements made under sub-paragraph (3) must be for the detention of the offender in a place of safety (within the meaning of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933). A person who is detained in pursuance of arrangements made under sub-paragraph (3) is deemed to be in legal custody. (1) This paragraph applies where the court before which an offender is brought under paragraph 9(2) is not the appropriate court (within the meaning of paragraph 9). The alternative court may direct that the offender is to be released forthwith or remand him to appear before the appropriate court. (3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2), section 128 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 (remand in custody or on bail) applies as if the court referred to in subsections (1)(a), (3), (4)(a) and (5) were the appropriate court. Any power to remand the offender in custody which is conferred by section 128 of the Magistrates' Court Act 1980 (as modified by sub-paragraph (3)) is to be taken to be a power to remand the offender— if the offender is under the age of 18, to accommodation provided by or on behalf of a local authority (within the meaning of the Children Act 1989), and if the offender is aged 18 or over, to a prison. 148 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 1 – Schedule to the Street Offences Act 1959 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this