a realistic imitation firearm for airsoft skirmishing, retailers should seek to determine that the prospective buyer holds third party liability insurance in connection with the organisation and holding of the recreational acting out of military or law enforcement scenarios. In many cases airsoft players will be members of clubs which are members of the United Kingdom Airsoft Retailers Association (UKARA). UKARA operates a database, which keeps a record of participating airsoft players and game sites, and is used for identification purposes. Equally, where a person intends to buy a realistic imitation firearm for the purposes of historical re-enactment, retailers should check that the prospective buyer is a member of a club or society recognised by the National Association of Re- enactment Societies (NAReS) or an organisation of similar standing prior to making a sale. 2.43 In determining whether an imitation firearm is to be considered a realistic imitation firearm, section 38(3)(a) of the 2006 Act states that its size, shape and principal colour are to be taken into account. Section 38(3)(b) confirms that an imitation is to be regarded as distinguishable if its size, shape or principal colour is unrealistic for a real firearm. The Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 (Realistic Imitation Firearms) Regulations 2007 specify a set of colours and dimensions in order to distinguish between imitation firearms and realistic imitation firearms. An imitation firearm with dimensions less than 38 mm in height and 70mm in length is to be regarded as unrealistic. An imitation firearm which is principally coloured bright red, bright orange, bright yellow, bright green, bright pink, bright purple, bright blue, or which is transparent should also be regarded as unrealistic. 2.44 An imitation firearm whose principal colour is not one of those listed in the Regulations does not automatically fail to be regarded as realistic, although it is more likely that that will be the case. In these circumstances, the general test of 14 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law whether it is distinguishable from a real firearm, taking into account its size, colour etc. should be applied. Specifications for blank firing imitation firearms 2.45 Under section 39 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006, it is an offence to manufacture or import an imitation firearm which does not conform to specifications set out in the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 (Specification for Imitation Firearms) Regulations 2011 (SI 2011/1754) (Òthe 2011 RegulationsÓ). It is also an offence to modify an imitation firearm so that it does not conform to the specifications or to modify a firearm to create an imitation firearm which does not confirm to the regulations. Accordingly, all blank firing imitation firearms, i.e. imitation firearms capable of firing a blank cartridge, and blank firing imitation revolvers must conform to the specifications set out in regulations 4 and 6 of the 2011 Regulations respectively. Under regulation 7 of the 2011 Regulations, the offence in section 39(2)(d) of the 2006 Act of importing an imitation firearm which does not conform to the specifications does not apply