law, it could face a minimum lump sum fine of £7.9 million. The UK could also face daily fines until it is seen to be compliant. 2) Amend domestic legislation to fill identified legislative gaps and bring the UK legislation in line with the Directive. This option would involve the following amendments to the Computer Misuse Act 1990: a) Amend section 3A of the Computer Misuse Act to include reference to 'obtain for use'. b) Extend sections 4 and 5 of the Computer Misuse Act to include extra territorial jurisdiction by nationality so all Computer Misuse Act offences are covered, including section 3A. Appraisal (Costs and Benefits) Option 1: Do nothing Potential infraction costs with a minimum lump sum fine of £7.9 million. There are no identified benefits. Option 2: Amend existing legislation Groups affected Apart from the individuals who would be prosecuted under the new offence or extended jurisdiction for all offences, the main groups affected by the policy would be: • The Police: we predict there could be a small increase in the number of investigations and arrests. • Ministry of Justice: any increase in arrests could. mean an increase in the number of cases that enter the Justice system. • HM Courts and Tribunals Service: any increase in cases entering the justice system is likely to increase the administrative burden on the courts. • Crown Prosecution Service: any increase in cases entering the justice system means a likely increase in the number of cases being presented to the courts. • Legal aid: there will be an impact on legal aid with the increase in the number of offenders arrested and proceeded against. • HM Prison Service: any guilty verdicts resulting in a custodial sentence will impact on prison places. • Probation service: there will be an impact from offenders sentenced to probation. • Extradition bodies: agencies and officials dealing with extradition may see a small increase in workload. Monetised costs: There are no expected costs to business from this option. It is important to note that the below costs should be viewed as opportunity costs. The additional costs created by this option to the Criminal Justice system may be absorbed within existing resources. Training costs All police will need to familiarise themselves with the new regulations. The College of Policing ensure that all new legislation is incorporated into the National Policing Curriculum as matter of course, and falls within existing budgets. The additional cost of training for this policy is therefore expected to be negligible. Ongoing costs Amending section 3A of the Computer Misuse Act to include 'obtain for use' This is a future proofing policy and we expect very few additional prosecutions to come from it. Between 2006, when section 3A came into force, and 2012 there have only been two prosecutions under section 3A and only one found guilty.2 Following consultation with the Police and the Crown Prosecution Service, we have not found any evidence to suggest that there would be a significant increase in