business needs. Figure 15: A fire-resisting pedal bin for rags Figure 16: A 50 litre storage bin for flammables There should be no potential ignition sources in areas where flammable liquids are used or stored and flammable concentrations of vapours may be present. Any electrical equipment used in these areas, including fire alarm and emergency lighting systems, needs to be suitable for use in flammable atmospheres. In such situations, it is recommended that you should seek advice from a competent person. 42 LPG storage Where LPG in cylinders or cartridges is present, you need to take particular care to minimise the possibility of its involvement in a fire. The total amount of LPG for display or demonstration in retail areas should be kept to the minimum necessary to meet business needs. In no circumstances should it exceed 70kg and this should be reduced to 15kg if the retail premises are under residential accommodation or part of a multi-use building, unless the two are separated by a substantial partition that is imperforate and provides at least 60 minutes fire resistance. Locate cylinders and cartridges in a safe and secure place where they: • cannot be interfered with; • can be kept upright (with valve protection fitted); • are away from sources of ignition and/or readily ignitable materials; • are away from any corrosive, toxic or oxidant materials; and; • are away from stairways, exit doors and places where they may obstruct the means of escape. Quantities of LPG in excess of the amounts indicated for retail areas should be stored in a properly designed and located storage area that is dedicated for LPG. Bulk storage tanks for LPG should be designed, installed and located in accordance with industry guidance. Advice on the use of LPG for heating is given in Section 1.4. Further guidance on the safe storage of LPG is available from your supplier or the Liquefied Petroleum Gas AssociationÕs Code of Practice.9 Fireworks Fireworks can cause fires and explosions in shops. They have the potential for a violent release of pressure and heat that can cause severe harm to people and damage to a building. Fireworks can be ignited or detonated by contact with ignition sources or by contamination, where other chemicals or water cause the material to become unstable. If you sell fireworks you have certain obligations to the public and your staff. You must: • be ÔregisteredÕ or obtain a licence to store fireworks; • obtain a Ôlicence to sell fireworksÕ if you intend to sell outside the usual fireworks period; • store fireworks safely; • not sell fireworks to under 18s; and • review your risk assessment and, where necessary, take additional measures. Preventative measures include: • store and display fireworks in appropriate containers, display cabinets; • keep all fireworks in a dry place; • do not store an excessive amount of fireworks either in the shop or stockroom and do not store more than your licence permits; • do not store the fireworks near other