made after the end of the session in which this Act is passed; (d) modify any enactment (including an enactment passed or made after the passing of this Act) in consequence of provision made under any of paragraphs (a) to (c); (e) make provision for a function of the Secretary of State or general customs officials to be treated, or not to be treated, as a general customs function. (2) The power under subsection (1)(a) may not be exercised to add any of the following to section 1(2)Ñ (a) a matter listed in Schedule 1 to the Commissioners for Revenue and Customs Act 2005 (c. 11), (b) value added tax, (c) a customs revenue matter (as to which, see section 7), or (d) a matter listed at section 7(2)(e). (3) The Secretary of State must consult the Treasury before exercising the power under this section. General customs officials 3 Designation of general customs officials (1) The Secretary of State by whom general customs functions are exercisable may designateÑ (a) an immigration officer, or (b) any other official in that Secretary of State's department, as a general customs official. (2) A general customs officialÑ (a) has, in relation to a general customs matter, the same functions as an officer of Revenue and Customs would have, and (b) may exercise the functions conferred on the Secretary of State by section 1 (general customs functions of the Secretary of State). (3) This does not prevent the exercise of the Secretary of State's functions by any other official of the Secretary of State. (4) If a function within subsection (2) is exercisableÑ (a) in relation to a general customs matter, and (b) in relation to any other matter, the function is exercisable by a general customs official in relation to the general customs matter only. (5) So far as is appropriate for the purposes of or in connection with this section, references to an officer of Revenue and Customs, or to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs, in an enactment, instrument or document to which this section applies are to be construed as including a reference to a general customs official. (6) References in this section to functions of an officer of Revenue and Customs are to functions conferred by an enactment to which this section applies. (1) (7) This section applies toÑ (a) an enactment passed or made, or an instrument or document issued, before this Act is passed, and (b) subject to express provision to the contrary, an enactment passed or made, or an instrument or document issued, after this Act is passed. (8) This includesÑ (a) section 2(4) of the Commissioners for Revenue and Customs Act 2005 (c. 11) (continuation of anything begun by one officer by another), (b) section 6 of that Act (officers' initial functions), (c) section 25(1) and (5) of that Act (conduct of civil proceedings in a magistrates' court or in the sheriff court), (d) section 25A(1) of that Act (certificates of debt), (e) section 31 of that