early age. Persons under the age of fifteen may either use a shot gun under existing exemptions set out in Chapter 6 or whilst holding their own shot gun certificate they may borrow one for 72 hours. Supervision by an adult aged twenty-one years or over applies in all circumstances. Section 1 firearms 7.27 Section 22(2) of the 1968 Act prohibits persons under the age of fourteen from having with them any firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, except in circumstances where they are entitled by virtue of section 11(1) or 11(4) or section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 to have possession of them without holding a firearm certificate. Note that section 11(3) of the 1968 Act was repealed by the Armed Forces Act 1996. 7.28 Other than the circumstances above, it is an offence under section 24(2)(b) of the 1968 Act to part with the possession of any firearms or ammunition to which section 1 applies to a person who is under the age of fourteen (although it is not an offence by the young person to receive them). It is also an offence under section 24(2)(a) to make a gift of or lend a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 applies to a person under the age of fourteen. 7.29 Section 24(5) of the 1968 Act provides that, in proceedings for an offence under any of the provisions in section 24 relating to the transfer of firearms to young persons, it is a defence to prove that the person charged with the offence believed the other person to be of or over the age mentioned in that provision and had reasonable grounds for the belief. 7.30 A person under fourteen may not be granted a firearm certificate in any circumstances. However, there may be occasions where a parent is granted such a certificate, or an existing certificate is varied, in respect of a child under fourteen, for example, where the child will be participating in competitive target shooting. In 55 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law these instances, the child would be expected to provide the primary Ògood reasonÓ for the possession of the firearm. Both the parent and the child would be subject to the necessary background checks. 7.31 A certificate can be granted authorising possession, as well as acquisition (for example, by borrowing or by receiving as a gift) to a person aged over fourteen but under eighteen. However, a firearm certificate may not be granted for the purchase and hire of firearms or ammunition to such a person. 7.32 A young person holding a firearm or shot gun certificate may reach the age of eighteen during the life of the certificate. In these cases, it must be made clear to the holder that they may not purchase any firearm or ammunition before the date of their eighteenth birthday. This advice should take the form of a notice added to the certificate (see Appendix 3). 7.33 When a