outside and then inside the UK Ð double jeopardy applies in case of concurrent jurisdiction. Section 44: Savings 15. Section 44 clarifies section 10 of the CMA. Section 10 of the CMA contained a savings provision whereby criminal investigations by law enforcement agencies did not fall foul of the offences in the Act. However, section 10 pre-dates a number of the powers, warrantry and oversight arrangements on which law enforcement now rely to conduct their investigations, such as those in Part 3 of the Police Act 1997. The changes do not extend law enforcement agencies? powers but merely clarify the use of existing powers (derived from other enactments, wherever exercised) in the context of the offences in the CMA. The offence 16. The new participation offence provides a new means for law enforcement agencies and prosecutors to tackle serious organised crime. The offence targets those who Òoil the wheelsÓ of organised crime by participating in activities, for example by providing materials, services, expertise or information which contributes to the overall capability of the group, but without being aware of the precise nature of the criminality in which they are involved. It also provides for the prosecution of those who head criminal organisations but who do not themselves directly participate in the commission of the criminal acts. The participation offence complements the existing offence of conspiracy; it does not change the way that conspiracy is currently used for organised crime prosecutions. Elements of offence 17. The provision makes it an offence to participate in the criminal activities of an organised crime group. A person does this if they take part in any activities that they know or reasonably suspects are criminal activities or will help an organised crime group to carry on such activities. 1. Defence 18. It is a defence for a person charged with the participation offence to prove that participation was necessary for a purpose related to the prevention or detection of crime. The defence is required to protect, for example, undercover police officers who are participating in the activities of an organised crime group for the purpose of frustrating those activities or collecting sufficient information to bring the perpetrators to justice. It is also available to anyone whose actions were genuinely intended to assist law enforcement agencies. Background 19. Part 3 of the 2015 Act makes provision for improvements to the serious crime prevention order (ÒSCPOÓ). The SCPO is intended for use against those involved in serious offences, including drugs trafficking, fraud and money laundering. The SCPO was introduced by Part 1 of the Serious Crime Act 2007 (Òthe 2007 ActÓ). It is a court order that is used to protect the public by preventing, restricting or disrupting a person?s involvement in serious crime. A SCPO can prevent involvement in serious crime by imposing various conditions on a person; for example, restricting who he or she can associate with, restricting his or her travel, or placing an obligation to report his or her financial affairs to the