subsection (3); (b) make consequential amendments to subsection (4).Ó (2) In section 147(5) of that Act (orders etc subject to affirmative resolution procedure), after paragraph (d) there is insertedÑ Ò(da) an order under section 98(6),Ó. (3) In section 99 of that Act (qualifying offenders), in paragraph (b) of subsection (5) (meaning of Òrelevant offenceÓ) after Òa specified offenceÓ there is inserted Ò , or the offence of murder, Ó. PART 10 FORCED MARRIAGE 120 Offence of breaching forced marriage protection order (1) The Family Law Act 1996 is amended as follows. (2) After section 63C there is insertedÑ (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 99 PART 10 Ð Forced marriage CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò63CA Offence of breaching order (1) A person who without reasonable excuse does anything that the person is prohibited from doing by a forced marriage protection order is guilty of an offence. (2) In the case of a forced marriage protection order made by virtue of section 63D(1), a person can be guilty of an offence under this section only in respect of conduct engaged in at a time when the person was aware of the existence of the order. (3) Where a person is convicted of an offence under this section in respect of any conduct, that conduct is not punishable as a contempt of court. (4) A person cannot be convicted of an offence under this section in respect of any conduct which has been punished as a contempt of court. (5) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years, or a fine, or both; (b) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months, or a fine, or both. (6) A reference in any enactment to proceedings under this Part, or to an order under this Part, does not include a reference to proceedings for an offence under this section or to an order made in proceedings for such an offence. (7) ÒEnactmentÓ includes an enactment contained in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978.Ó (3) For subsections (1) to (3) of section 63E there is substitutedÑ Ò(1) In any case where the court has power to make a forced marriage protection order, the court may accept an undertaking from the respondent instead of making the order. (2) But a court may not accept an undertaking under subsection (1) if