legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 4 Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (1) There is to be a corporation sole with the name Òthe Commissioner of Police of the MetropolisÓ. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is to be appointed, and hold office, in accordance withÑ (a) sections 42 and 48, and (b) the terms and conditions of the appointment. (3) The metropolitan police force, and the civilian staff of the metropolitan police force, are under the direction and control of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (4) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis has the other functions conferred by this Act and by other enactments. (5) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must exercise the power of direction and control conferred by subsection (3) in such a way as is reasonable to assist the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime to exercise that Office's functions. (6) Subsection (3) is subject to any provision included in a collaboration agreement (see section 22A of the Police Act 1996). (7) Schedule 4 (Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis) has effect. CHAPTER 3 FUNCTIONS OF ELECTED LOCAL POLICING BODIES ETC Community safety and crime prevention 5 Police and crime commissioners to issue police and crime plans (1) The police and crime commissioner for a police area must issue a police and crime plan within the financial year in which each ordinary election is held. (2) A police and crime commissioner must comply with the duty under subsection (1) as soon as practicable after the commissioner takes office. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 7 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) A police and crime commissioner may, at any time, issue a police and crime plan. (4) A police and crime commissioner may vary a police and crime plan. (5) In issuing or varying a police and crime plan, a police and crime commissioner must have regard to the strategic policing requirement issued by the Secretary of State under section 37A of the Police Act 1996. [F6(5A) Subsections (5B) to (5E) apply to a police and crime commissioner for a police areaÑ (a) which corresponds to the area of a fire and rescue authority created by an order under section 4A, or (b) within which the area of such a fire and rescue authority falls. (5B) Subject to subsection (5E), in issuing or varying a police and crime plan, the police and crime commissioner must have regard toÑ (a) the current Fire and Rescue National Framework prepared under section 21 of the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004,