October 2013 Updated 6 August 2018 Written by College of Policing Disaster victim identification 1 min read An emergency or major incident will include a wide range of humanitarian aspects. Responders should provide appropriate care and support for everyone affected by an emergency. This may include survivors of an incident, family and friends of survivors and the deceased, those responding to the emergency, and the community living and working in the area affected. These activities should address the needs of people affected by emergencies, providing psychological and social aftercare and support in the short, medium and long term. For further information, see Cabinet Office (2016) Human Aspects in Emergency Management: Guidance on supporting individuals affected by emergencies. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies 24/03/2025 Humanitarian assistance and police documentation teams https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/civil-contingencies/humanitarian-assistance-and- police-documentation-teams Page Humanitarian assistance and police documentation teams This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 3 April 2024 Civil contingencies 6 mins read The police service has a vital role in the initial provision of humanitarian assistance, which must be balanced against their responsibilities of investigation and identification. It should follow the principles outlined in the Charter for families bereaved through public tragedy. The humanitarian response to any emergency or major incident is a package of care, with a range of agencies working together. The exact focus depends on the scale and nature of the incident and the impact on people and their needs. It is likely to include: basic shelter information about what has happened financial and legal support emotional support advice and direction on how to get further assistance communication facilitation, allowing people to meet or talk to each other a point of contact for ongoing support and advice The strategic commander should recognise the importance of humanitarian assistance and support to people directly and indirectly affected by an emergency or major incident. This support should be provided through a series of emergency reception centres. There are four types of emergency reception centre: 1. survivor reception centres 2. rest centres 3. family and friendsÕ reception centres 4. humanitarian assistance centres Further guidance on humanitarian assistance is contained in the Human aspects in emergency management guidance (Cabinet Office, 2011) on supporting individuals affected by emergencies. Types of emergency reception centres Survivor reception centre (SuRC) The police service is the lead agency for the SuRC, supported by the local authority. A SuRC is a secure place, located outside the inner cordon but generally close to the scene. It is a place of safety for survivors not requiring acute medical treatment, away from the immediate consequences of the incident. Documentation of survivors can be completed for input into the Casualty Bureau and Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). Immediate humanitarian assistance can be provided by the local authority at this location. Rest centre The local authority is the lead agency for rest centres. This location is a building pre-designated in emergency plans or used by a