Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes for applying the provisions of this Part with such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit in cases where a complaint or conduct matter relates to the conduct of a person— whose identity is unascertained at the time at which a complaint is made or a conduct matter is recorded; whose identity is not ascertained during, or subsequent to, the investigation of a complaint or recordable conduct matter; F293(m) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . for the records to be kept by [F294local policing bodies] and chief officers— with respect to complaints and purported complaints; with respect to recordable conduct matters [F295or DSI matters]; and with respect to the exercise and performance of their powers and duties under this Part; for the [F288Director General] to be required to establish and maintain a register of such information provided to [F296the Director General or the Office] in accordance with this Part as may be of a description specified in the regulations and for regulating the extent to which information stored on that register may be published or otherwise disclosed to any person by the [F288Director General]; for chief officers to have power to delegate the exercise or performance of powers and duties conferred or imposed on them by or under this Part; [F297(pa) for local policing bodies to have power to delegate the exercise or performance of powers and duties conferred or imposed on them by or under this Part (including powers and duties that are acquired by virtue of giving a notice under section 13A);] for the manner in which any notification for the purposes of any provision of this Part is to be given and the time at which, or period within which, any such notification must be given. [F298(r) for enabling representations on behalf of a person to whose conduct an investigation relates to be made to the [F288Director General] by a person who is not that person's legal representative but is of a description specified in the regulations.] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 55 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at