of the collaborative work of the agencies. Consider the role of victims throughout the process from service development to commissioning, delivery and evaluation. There should be an ongoing process of victim engagement throughout the lifecycle of any multi- agency arrangement. Consider the burden on the victim throughout the process, while it is sometimes appropriate for actions to be focused on the victim or non-abusive parent, this can also place additional burdens on the victim when the person responsible for the situation is the perpetrator. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance A clear strategic focus For multi-agency working to be effective, all agencies must work with a clear and common focus. For this to be achieved partnerships should: Have an integrated governance and operational structure, so that agencies are regularly meeting at strategic, operational, and decision-making level. Accountability and leadership are clear and effective and are appropriately linked to local bodies such as the Community Safety Partnership, Safeguarding Partners and Safeguarding Adult Boards. Agree a statement of common purpose which sets out a shared vision and ambition and a high-level operating manual and protocols for the multi-agency safeguarding team. Agree a common outcomes framework, which will focus on four key measures: effective informed support provided to victims and family members, which increases their level of safety and wellbeing at the earliest opportunity; increasing victim trust and confidence in safeguarding; perpetrator behaviour addressed at the earliest opportunity by agencies; family needs considered holistically by agencies, not in isolation from each other. Take ownership of the need to understand local referral pathways and available provision, identifying any gaps in provision and considering within strategic governance how these gaps can be addressed. Together, regularly analyse performance and outcome measurement data, undertake deep dive case audits to check for missed opportunities and consider the feedback received from service users and specialist organisations. A key element of the monitoring process should involve scrutiny around whether the data collected reflect any disproportionality in terms of decisions or practice for particular groups, e.g. ethnic minorities, LGBT, disabled victims, or victims belonging to a particular faith. Personal data relating to any of these groups is considered ‘special category’ data and is highlighted in Article 9 of the UK GDPR. The processing (including sharing) of any ‘special category’ personal data must meet further conditions set out in this Article. Further guidance on special category data is provided by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The data collected could be used to improve ongoing practice. This process might be facilitated by a critical friend – a peer multi-agency team or independent local or national organisation. Identify a dedicated multi-agency team coordinator or manager with specific responsibility for team building, developing a common culture of meaningful partnership through the creation of operating manuals, joint protocols, agreed assessment procedures, joint induction and training programmes and common monitoring and evaluation processes. All multi-agency partners are clear about the role, responsibility, authority, and accountability of the multi-agency Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance safeguarding team coordinator/manager;