their own decisions about identifying which will take the role of lead responder in the light of local conditions. They may wish to make a more detailed breakdown of responsibilities, as suggested by the detailed classification of types of hazard in Annex 4B. It is important to recognise that the lead Category 1 responder will not necessarily take the lead overall in warning, informing and advising the public. This role may in certain circumstances fall to a Category 2 responder or an organisation which is not a responder. This is dealt with in column 3 of table 7B. Column 2 suggests which Category 1 responder might be the most appropriate to take the lead on behalf of Category 1 responders within these overall arrangements. 7B.6. 7B.7. 7B.8. 7B.9. 7B.10. Suggestions of non-Category 1 responders who, in particular circumstances, may play the lead role, or a significant role, in arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public. The Act imposes a duty to maintain arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public on Category 1 responders only. In practice, Category 2 responders and the Met Office, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra), or the Food Standards Agency (FSA) will have a significant role in these arrangements in relation to particular emergencies. In some cases, it will even be appropriate for a Category 2 responder or the Met Office, Defra and the FSA to take the lead role. Included in column 3 of table 7B are organisations which are relevant in this way. The Regulations provide that Category 1 responders must have regard to the arrangements maintained by these bodies in performing their duty under the Act. The Regulations also provide that Category 1 responders need not unnecessarily duplicate the arrangements maintained by these bodies. Suggestions of other organisations which will have an important role in arrangements to warn, advise and inform the public and with whom Category 1 responders may wish to liaise. In addition to Category 2 responders and the Met Office, Defra, and the FSA, there are other organisations which will play an important role in communicating with the public. These bodies are unlikely to play such a significant role that it is appropriate for Category 1 responders to be required to have regard to their activities under the Regulations. Nonetheless, there will often be merit in Category 1 responders considering the role that these bodies will play in communicating with the public in an emergency and in liaising with them in the planning phase. GENERIC HAZARD OR THREAT 1. Category 1 responders likely to have a duty to maintain arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public 2. Suggestions of Category 1 responders from whom a lead responder to maintain arrangements to warn etc may be identified 3. Organisations, not Category 1 responders, which may also play a lead or a significant role in maintaining arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public 4. Other organisations, which may have an important role in maintaining arrangements