controls and does not require an import licence to import it into the United Kingdom. There is, however, still a requirement for the holder to be in possession of a valid shot gun or firearm certificate in order to possess the firearm where the possession of such a certificate is necessary. 27.10 Information on the importation of explosives can be obtained from DIT and from the Health and Safety Executive. Firearms Marking Requirements 27.11 The UKÕs Open General Import Licence (OGIL) sets out the UKÕs firearms marking requirements. They apply to commercial and non-commercial imports. 27.12 Firearms, including any relevant (essential) component parts (whether part of a firearm or not), imported into the UK must have markings which are clear, permanent and visible. Firearms and relevant component parts (barrel, frame, receiver (including upper and lower receivers), slide, cylinder, bolt or breech block manufactured on or after 1 January 1900 must be marked with: • Name of manufacturer or brand; • Country or place of manufacture; • Serial number; • Year of manufacture (if not part of the serial number); and • Model, where feasible. 27.13 Ammunition packaging (not each bullet) must be marked with: • name of manufacturer, • batch number, • calibre, • type of ammunition. 27.14 The font size to be used in the marking should be at least 1,6 mm. Where required, a smaller font size may be used for the marking of relevant component parts that are too small to be marked in compliance with the requirements set out in the OGIL. 27.15 For frames or receivers made from a non-metallic material, the marking should be applied to a metal plate that is permanently embedded in the material of the frame or receiver in such a way that the plate cannot be easily or readily removed; and removing the plate would destroy a portion of the frame or receiver. Other techniques for marking such frames or receivers are permitted, provided that importers can demonstrate that those techniques ensure an equivalent level of clarity and permanence for the marking. 200 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 27.16 The alphabet used on marked imported firearms or relevant component parts shall be Latin, Cyrillic or Greek and the numeral system used in the marking shall be Arabic or Roman. 27.17 If a firearm is not marked as above, importers will have 28 days after import to comply with the marking requirement. If the item is being imported for deactivation, you have three months to either comply or have the item deactivated. Only the Latin alphabet and the Arabic numeral system can be used when marking in the UK. Failure to comply with the marking requirements is a customs offence. In the meantime, you are advised to mark using methods currently accepted by the UK Proof Houses. 27.18 The following are exempt from the additional marking requirements set out in the OGIL: • Firearms imported for the use of the UK military or police. • Firearms of ÒhistoricalÓ importance which in