chief constable of the Ministry of Defence PoliceÓ. (9) Section 122A (sexual risk orders: applications, grounds and effect) is amended in accordance with subsections (10) and (11). (10) For subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) A person mentioned in subsection (1A) (Òthe applicantÓ) may by complaint to a magistratesÕ court apply for an order under this section (a Òsexual risk orderÓ) in respect of a person (Òthe defendantÓ) if it appears to the applicant that the condition in subsection (2) is met. (1A) Those persons areÑ (a) a chief officer of police; (b) the Director General of the National Crime Agency (Òthe Director GeneralÓ); (c) the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force; (d) the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police.Ó (11) For subsection (5) substituteÑ Ò(5) If the Director General, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police makes an application under subsection (1), that person must as soon as practicable notify the chief officer of police for a relevant police area of that application.Ó (12) In section 122B(3)(b) (interpretation of section 122A)Ñ (a) after ÒAgencyÓ insert Ò, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force or the chief constable for the Ministry of Defence PoliceÓ, and (b) in sub-paragraph (ii), for ÒDirector GeneralÓ substitute ÒapplicantÓ. (13) In section 122E (interim sexual risk orders), after subsection (6) (inserted by section 173 of this Act) insertÑ Ò(7) If the Director General of the National Crime Agency, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force or the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police makes an application under this section, that person must as soon as practicable notify the chief officer of police for a relevant police area of that application. 200 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (8) In subsection (7), Òrelevant police areaÓ has the same meaning as in section 122A (sexual risk orders: applications, grounds and effect) (see section 122B(3)).Ó (14) In section 122J(1) (sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders: guidance) for Òchief officers of police and to the Director General of the National Crime AgencyÓ substitute Òchief officers of police, the Director General of the National Crime Agency, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force and the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence PoliceÓ. 172 List of countries (1) The Secretary of State mayÑ (a) prepare a list of countries and territories outside