Variation or cancellation of notice of entitlement and intention You can vary or cancel your proposed shared parental leave dates following the submission of a notice of entitlement and intention, provided that you provide the organisation with a written notice. The written notice must contain: • an indication as to when you intend to take shared parental leave (including the start and end dates for each period of leave); • details of any periods of shared parental leave that have been notified through a period of leave notice; • • details of any periods of statutory shared parental pay that have been notified in relation to periods where shared parental leave was not to be taken; and • a declaration signed by the adopter and the partner that you agree the variation. Any indication of leave intended to be taken that you provide in a variation of notice of entitlement and intention is non-binding until you provide a period of leave notice in relation to that period of leave. There is no limit on the number of variations of notice of entitlement and intention that the individual can make. 7.30 Individual's period of leave notice To take a period of shared parental leave, you must provide the organisation with a written notice setting out the start and end dates of each period of shared parental leave requested in that notice. A period of leave notice must be given not less than eight weeks before the start date of the first period of shared parental leave requested in the notice. The notice may be given at the same time as a notice of entitlement and intention and can be a request for a continuous period of leave or discontinuous periods of leave. 7.31 Variation or cancellation of period of leave notice You can vary or cancel your proposed shared parental leave dates following the submission of a period of leave notice, provided that you provide Wiltshire Police with a written notice not less than eight weeks before any period of leave varied by the notice is due to commence. The written notice can: • vary the start date or the end date of any period of shared parental leave or cancel a request for leave; • request that a continuous period of leave become discontinuous periods of leave; or • request that discontinuous periods of leave become a continuous period of leave. 7.32 Limit on number of requests for leave You can provide a combined total of up to three period of leave notices or variations of period of leave notices per adoption, although the organisation may waive this limit in some circumstances. 7.33 Continuous period of shared parental leave If you submit a period of leave notice requesting one continuous period of leave, you will be entitled to take that period of leave. 7.34 Discontinuous periods of shared parental leave You may submit a period of leave notice requesting discontinuous periods of leave. For example, both you and your partner