and must be of not less than 12 bore gauge. Closed seasons are also different in Scotland (see Chapter 13). Otherwise the general comments on deer stalking above apply. 101 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Overseas use 12.35 Individuals going overseas may wish to hunt animals not found in this country and wish to acquire firearms for this purpose. This may include, for example, big game or dangerous game animals such as elephant, Cape buffalo, lion or leopard; or plains game, such as various species of antelope. 12.36 Rifles for this purpose may include bolt-action or double-barrelled rifles of various calibres, often very large and of high (4,000-5,000 foot-pounds) muzzle energies. These might include .375 H&H Magnum for plains game, calibres between .375 H&H Magnum and .600 for big game, .300 Winchester or greater for bear, and 9.3mm x 74R for boar. 12.37 The police will wish to be satisfied that an applicant has genuine intentions to use such rifles abroad, though such visits may be infrequent. Zeroing and practicing with ammunition may be permitted in the UK, providing a suitable range or land is available. Those who home-load their ammunition for such zeroing will also need to test and chronograph it. Some rifles intended for antelope and other plains game may also be suitable for deer, boar or other quarry shooting in this country. Once initial Ògood reasonÓ has been established for a rifle in shooting Òdangerous gameÓ, it may also be considered for shooting the larger deer species and boar in Britain. Where a shooter experiences difficulties in obtaining Òdangerous gameÓ cartridges in the country where that game is to be hunted, arrangements can be made for a dealer to export an appropriate quantity which can be collected by the shooter at the point of embarkation. Individuals may be authorised ammunition in line with typical amounts authorised for use in firearms for target and quarry shooting. Humane Killing of Animals 12.38 The humane killing of sick, injured or lawfully trapped animals with a firearm is normally confined to those who may deal with such animals on a fairly regular basis. Examples would include veterinary surgeons, RSPCA inspectors, hunt servants, and occupiers of farms and smallholdings. Once such a firearm certificate is granted, the holder is able to use the firearm for the humane killing of any animal should the need arise, subject to any conditions on the certificate. The holder may also use a shot gun when appropriate. Rifles of any centrefire calibre may be suitable for this work. For revolvers and slaughtering instruments under section 3 of the 1997 Act, it is suggested a .32 single (or two) shot revolver is suitable for most circumstances, though larger calibres such as the .38 may be considered if the applicant has to deal regularly with large or dangerous animals (for example, horses, water buffalo, bison, Highland cattle or larger deer species). Police forces should note that self-loading (semi-automatic) handguns should not be authorised for the slaughter or humane destruction