mediation and social service, rather than police statutory powers. In support of previous literature, only 26.89% of the reported incidents from highly demanding addresses were traditional police business (Scott, 1981). In particular, welfare and nuisance incidents were found to demand the majority of police resources. This supports reports of an 11.5% increase of demand generated by public safety and welfare incidents in Lancashire, West Yorkshire and South Yorkshire (College of Policing, 2015). As these types of incidents are often not seen as traditional police work, this is a contraction of the Home Secretary and Home OfficeÕs (n.d) view that the police should be used largely in a law enforcement capacity, and therefore the police may not be the most appropriate service to deal with them. However, it cannot be contested from the findings in this report that the role of the police service in England and Wales is changing due to the shift in requirements and expectations (Srinivasan et al., 2013). If police officers are trained to become better equipped to deal with these high frequency, but low-level problems or offenses, potential benefits could include the reduction of further crime and increased officer environmental knowledge to improve future problem solving (Walker and Katz, 2005). Furthermore, included in the majority of calls for service that were grouped as non- traditional police incidents were calls concerning disputes and domestic incidents and as such, could potentially escalate into a criminal offence and/or pose risk to the people involved without the presence of a police officer. Therefore, the extent to which a tiered policing arrangement could respond to these calls should be considered in light of the potential risk involved and threat of incident escalation as a result of the absence of sworn Police officers. Supporting previous research, the geographical profiling of demanding residential properties found that people in areas of medium deprivation are most likely to be repeat callers for police assistance (Johnson and Rhodes, 2009). Those living in areas of low deprivation have less need for the police as, generally, less crime and disorder occurs within these areas. Those living in areas with high deprivation may be more likely to experience crime and disorder, but may be less likely to call the police. This effect may reflect the commonality of these events, reduced collective efficacy, or may reflect the distrust of the police and strained police-community relations in these neighbourhoods (Weisburd and Eck, 2004). Therefore, those living in areas of medium deprivation tend to experience a moderate level of crime and disorder but still need the problems to be addressed by authorities, so are the most likely to call for service. The type of housing of the top ten addresses fell within three categories: flat, semi- detached and terrace. Whilst this could indicate relationships between housing types and cause to call the police, this effect may more simply reflect the area in which the addresses are situated. Despite a void of cited links between employment status and service demand in previous literature,