with any legal language, should be carefully explained to families. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies Serious Crime Bill Delegated Powers – Supplementary Memorandum by the Home Office The Government has tabled further amendments to the Serious Crime Bill for Commons Report stage; these include two new delegated powers. This supplementary memorandum explains why the powers have been taken and the reason for the procedure selected. New clause “Duty to notify police of female genital mutilation”: Power to make regulations adding to, removing from or otherwise altering the descriptions of “regulated profession” Power conferred on: The Secretary of State Power exercisable by: Regulations made by statutory instrument Parliamentary procedure: Affirmative New clause “Duty to notify police of female genital mutilation” amends the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 (the FGM Act) to place a duty on a person working in a “regulated profession” to notify the police when, in the course of their work, they discover that an act of female genital mutilation appears to have been carried out on a girl who is aged under 18. By virtue of subsection (2)(a) of the new clause, the duty will apply to healthcare professionals, teachers and social care workers in Wales on the basis that this range of professionals are most likely to acquire the required direct knowledge that a child has been subjected to FGM either as a result of a visual confirmation or as a result of the victim disclosing to them that she has been subjected to FGM. However, subsection (8) of the new clause confers on the Secretary of State a power to add to, remove from or otherwise alter, the descriptions of “regulated profession” to whom the duty applies. The regulation-making power includes a power to make consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision (subsection (9)(b)). In particular, it may be necessary to amend, add to or remove definitions in subsections (11) and (12) of the new clause. This regulation-making power would afford the flexibility to extend the categories of professionals to whom the duty applies if, in the light of experience, it is evident that other professionals would have the requisite knowledge as a result of victims making disclosures to them, for example, early years professionals. Such a power is considered appropriate as Parliament would have approved the principle of the mandatory reporting duty and its application to persons working in specified categories of “regulated professions”. The power can only be used to add to, remove from or otherwise alter the descriptions of regulated professions to which the duty is to apply and could not be used to extend (or narrow) the scope of the reporting duty, for example so that it applied in respect of victims over 18 or to suspected victims in any age group. The power to extend the categories of regulated professionals to whom the duty is applied is therefore narrowly drawn, albeit that the power could, in principle, be used to apply the duty to any class of person