regulations made by the Secretary of State. [F959A Power to make expedited public spaces protection orders (1) A local authority may make an expedited public spaces protection order (an Òexpedited orderÓ) in relation to a public place within the local authorityÕs area if satisfied on reasonable grounds that three conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the public place is in the vicinity ofÑ (a) a school in the local authorityÕs area, or (b) a site in the local authorityÕs area where, or from whichÑ (i) vaccines are provided to members of the public by, or pursuant to arrangements with, an NHS body, or (ii) test and trace services are provided. (i) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 35 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The reference in paragraph (b)(i) to arrangements includes arrangements made by the NHS body in the exercise of functions of another person by virtue of any provision of the National Health Service Act 2006. (3) The second condition is that activities carried on, or likely to be carried on, in the public place by one or more individuals in the course of a protest or demonstration have had, or are likely to have, the effect ofÑ (a) harassing or intimidating members of staff or volunteers at the school or site, (b) harassing or intimidating persons using the services of the school or site, (c) impeding the provision of services by staff or volunteers at the school or site, or (d) impeding access by persons seeking to use the services of the school or site. (4) The third condition is that the effect or likely effect mentioned in subsection (3)Ñ (a) is, or is likely to be, of a persistent or continuing nature, (b) is, or is likely to be, such as to make the activities unreasonable, and (c) justifies the restrictions imposed by the order. (5) An expedited order is an order that identifies the public place referred to in subsection (1) (Òthe restricted areaÓ) andÑ (a) prohibits specified things being done in the restricted area, (b) requires specified things to be done by persons carrying on specified activities in that area, or (c) does both of those things. (6) The only prohibitions or requirements that may be imposed are ones that are reasonable to impose in orderÑ (a) to prevent the harassment, intimidation or impediment referred to in subsection (3) from continuing, occurring or recurring, or (b) to reduce that harassment, intimidation