must also give a written report to the appointed person in any case where— the officer exercises any of the powers conferred by sections 47D, 47E and 47F without the approval of a justice of the peace, and no property is seized under section 47C. A report under this section must give particulars of the circumstances which led the officer to believe that— the powers were exercisable, and it was not practicable to obtain the approval of a justice of the peace. The appointed person means a person appointed for the purposes of this subsection by the Secretary of State. The appointed person must not be a person employed under or for the purposes of a government department; and the terms and conditions of appointment, including any remuneration or expenses to be paid, are to be determined by the Secretary of State. The period of 48 hours mentioned in subsection (1)(b) is to be calculated in accordance with subsection (7). In calculating a period of 48 hours in accordance with this subsection, no account is to be taken of— any Saturday or Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any day that is a bank holiday under the Banking and Financial Dealings Act 1971 in England and Wales. 47I Report by appointed person on exercise of powers As soon as possible after the end of each financial year, the person appointed under section 47H(4) must prepare a report for that year. “Financial year” means— the period beginning with the day on which section 55 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 comes into force and ending with the next 31 March (which is the first financial year), and each subsequent period of twelve months beginning with 1 April. The report must give the appointed person's opinion as to the circumstances and manner in which the powers conferred by sections 47C, 47D, 47E and 47F Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 51 Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes are being exercised in cases where the officer who exercised them is required to give a report under section 47H. The report may make any recommendations the appointed person considers appropriate. The appointed person must send a copy of the report to the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State must— publish any report received under subsection (5), and lay a copy before Parliament. Before acting under subsection (6) the Secretary of State must exclude from the report any matter which the Secretary of State thinks is likely to prejudice any criminal investigation or criminal proceedings. If