the victim and perpetrator or the victim and/or perpetrator have “parental responsibility” of the child. CPS guidance, however, applies to all cases of domestic abuse irrespective of the age of the perpetrator or victim (including those under 16). This approach means it is possible for protective orders such as Restraining Orders to benefit victims under 16 and where the behaviour of a perpetrator, including perpetrators under 16 years of age, is abusive they may be prosecuted or diverted to appropriate interventions. Children and young people can face different types of abuse. See the 'Types of domestic abuse' section for further detail. Young people may face barriers, relating to their age or another protected characteristic, in disclosing abuse or accessing services. They may also be inherently more vulnerable to abuse because it is harder for them to distinguish between normal and abusive behaviours. For further information relating to children, see the sections ‘Impact on children’, ‘Responding to children and young people’ and ‘Multi-agency working to safeguard children’. Older people can be victims of intimate partner abuse, or abuse by family members including adult children. This abuse may include controlling or coercive behaviour, economic, emotional, psychological, sexual or physical abuse or neglect and can affect both men and women. SafeLives’ Insights data indicates that victims aged 60 and over were less likely to attempt to leave the relationship in the year before getting help and are more likely to be living with the perpetrator after getting support.96 The CSEW does not currently collect data on adults over 74, therefore does not present estimates for the prevalence of domestic abuse amongst this age group.97 The CSEW year ending March 2020 suggests that prevalence reduces by ages, with 3.2% of respondents aged 60 to 74 having experienced abuse in the previous year.98 This compares to 4.6% of 55 to 59-year-olds and is around a third of the prevalence for those aged 16 to 19 (9.5%). However, combined data from year ending March 2018 to 2020 shows that nearly 1 in 5 (18%) domestic homicide victims were 70 years or older.99 Support services should avoid making assumptions about a victim’s condition or health based on their age. For instance, injuries or mental health issues may be viewed 96 SafeLives. Spotlights Report #HiddenVictims: Save Later Lives: Older people and domestic abuse: 2016. 97 Once it is possible to return to the face-to-face mode of delivery for the CSEW, ONS will immediately remove the current upper age limit for respondents to the self-completion modules. 98 ONS. Domestic abuse victim characteristics, England and Wales - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2020. 99 ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): data year ending March 2018 to 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance as the result of a victim’s health and social care needs, without enquiries being made around domestic abuse. A Women’s Aid survey of 134 domestic abuse service organisations suggests that older victims are not being seen