initially be dealt with sympathetically and in confidence, in an organisation with the security and law enforcement roles of the OPCC and Police Service, it is not possible to ignore any previous substance misuse when assessing suitability for posts in the future. Individuals will have to accept that such history may affect their suitability in relation to certain posts in the future. This will be because of security and/or health and safety reasons. Table of Contents APPENDIX C Possible Signs of Substance Misuse 1. Overview 1.1 Alcohol and /or other substance misuse may manifest itself as specific acute symptoms and signs attributable to the actions of alcohol or the substance itself, but these only last for at most a few hours after taking the substance. If the misuse becomes a regular occurrence or develops into addiction, then non-specific changes in behaviour normally develop over a period of time. Examples of acute observable symptoms and signs are detailed below:- 2. Cannabis 2.1 The potential abnormal observations of someone who has recently taken cannabis are: • Distinctive smell • Poor co-ordination and balance • Impaired perception of time and distance • Reddening of whites of eyes • Poor attention span • Relaxed inhibitions • Possibly dilated pupils 2.2 Observed symptoms and signs start almost immediately on taking cannabis and can last up to 6 hours. 3. Opiates 3.1 These include Codeine, Heroin, Methadone, Morphine and Opium. Potential abnormal observations of someone who has recently taken opiates include: • Very small pupils • Slow speech and reflexes • Sleepy • Facial itching • Dry mouth • Possibly euphoria 3.2 Observed symptoms and signs start within a few seconds of taking opiates and last up to 8 hours (24 hours with Methadone). 4. Central Nervous System Stimulants 4.1 These include Cocaine and Amphetamines. Potential abnormal observations of someone who has recently taken these include:- • Dilated pupils • Restless and anxious • Difficulty keeping quiet • Easily irritated • • Eyelid tremors • Euphoria 4.2 Observed symptoms and signs start almost immediately on taking CNS stimulants and last about 90 minutes with Cocaine and 6 hours with Amphetamines. 5. Central Nervous System Depressants 5.1 These include Alcohol and Benzodiazepines (anti-anxiety medication like Valium and sleeping pills like Mogadon). Potential abnormal observations of someone who has recently taken these include: • Unresponsive normal sized pupils • Drowsiness • Thick, slurred, slow speech • Slow, sluggish reactions • Poor co-ordination • Watery eyes 5.2 Observed symptoms and signs start within about 30 minutes of taking CNS depressants and last up to 14 hours. 6. Hallucinogens 6.1 These include LSD, Ecstasy and ÒMagic MushroomsÓ. Potential abnormal observations of someone who has recently taken these include: • Hallucinations • Synthesthesia (sensations may be transposed from one sensory mode into another, e.g. sounds may be interpreted as sights or odours) • Dazed appearance • Poor balance • Distorted time and distance perception • Nausea and sweating • Paranoia • ÔGoose bumpsÕ 6.2 Observed symptoms and signs start within 20