being specified in subsection (1) of section 5 of the 1968 Act, was not lawfully on sale in Great Britain in substantial numbers at any time before 1988 and appears to the Secretary of State to be: i) specially dangerous (see Chapter 2); or ii) wholly or partly composed of material making it not readily detectable by apparatus used for detecting metal objects; b) any ammunition which is not for the time being specified in that subsection but appears to the Secretary of State to be specially dangerous; or c) any air rifle, air gun or air pistol which is not for the time being specified in that subsection but appears to the Secretary of State to be specially dangerous. 3D Printed firearms 3.7 The manufacture, purchase, sale and possession of 3D printed firearms, ammunition or their component parts is fully captured by the provisions in section 57(1) of the Firearms Act 1968. The definition of firearm in the Act includes any component parts. 3D printed firearms are subject to strict control in the following respects: a. under section 1 of the 1968 Act, it is an offence for an individual to possess, purchase or acquire any component part of a firearm without a certificate; b. under section 3 of the 1968 Act, it is an offence for a person who is not a registered firearms dealer or their servant to manufacture or possess for sale, by way of trade or business, a component part of a firearm; and c. under section 5 of the 1968 Act, it is an offence for a person to possess, purchase, acquire, manufacture, sell, transfer, possess for sale or transfer, or purchase or acquire for sale or transfer, a component part of a prohibited weapon without the authority of the Secretary of State or of the Scottish Ministers in Scotland. 25 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Authorities under section 5 of the 1968 Act 3.8 This section sets out the arrangements under which the Secretary of State considers applications for authority to possess etc prohibited weapons and ammunition under section 5 of the Firearms Act 1968. In England and Wales, applications for authority to possess, purchase, acquire, manufacture, sell, transfer, possess for sale or transfer, or purchase or acquire for sale or transfer prohibited weapons or ammunition are determined by the Home Office. In Scotland, the Scottish Ministers are the responsible body. Applications are determined by the Scottish Government: Firearms Team Safer Communities Division St AndrewÕs House Edinburgh EH1 3DG See the gov.scot website for the Scottish Government section 5 application form. email: firearms.enquiries@gov.scot Telephone: 0131 244 8525 Application for a section 5 authority in England and Wales 3.9 In England and Wales, applications must be made to the Home Office electronically using the designated application portal. For detailed advice on how to apply, please consult the Home Office Guidance for the application for a section 5 authority for prohibited weapons and ammunition. 3.10 References in the remainder of the guide to the Home