these technology areas. The Government previously held a Call for Views on software resilience and security for businesses and organisations in 2023. The feedback we received on the software resilience Call for Views highlighted the need for a voluntary Code of Practice that set 2.1 clear expectations with regards to the cyber security responsibilities of software vendors.[footnote 13] The UKÕs Approach to Cyber Security 2.4 The UK, as a global leader in cyber security, is committed to creating a safe online environment for its citizens. A foundational pillar of this approach is to ensure that both existing and emerging technologies are secure by design. By setting baseline cyber security expectations and incorporating them into the development of digital technologies at inception, we are laying the groundwork for efforts to safeguard users and businesses against evolving cyber threats, and to provide consumers with confidence in the technologies that they use. However, security also needs to be considered throughout the lifecycle of a technology, and the distinct security challenges presented by individual technologies need to be recognised and assessed. 2.5 DSIT has led several initiatives that embed a Òsecure by designÓ approach, contributing to the UKÕs strategic advantage and global cyber security leadership. These include: The creation of the worldÕs first mandatory and enforceable security requirements for consumer technology through the Product Security and Telecommunications Infrastructure (PSTI) Act.[footnote 14] This work built on the UKÕs Code of Practice for Consumer IoT, published in 2018. Delivering the worldÕs first App and App Store Privacy and Security Code of Practice, which is being implemented by all major app store operators.[footnote 15] Building on the Capability Hardware Enhanced Risk Introduction Set Computer (RISC) Instructions (CHERI) research from the University of Cambridge, we have worked with Arm to develop a processor prototype that integrates CHERI capabilities to enable fine-grained protection of memory. This forms part of our Digital Security by Design programme.[footnote 16] 2.6 A secure by design approach is only the first step towards UK-wide cyber resilience. To build on this, we must also focus on cultivating the necessary cyber security skills. This entails aligning our cyber skills development initiatives more closely with the needs of Critical National Infrastructure (CNI) sectors, the specific risks associated with new and emerging technologies which are being adopted, and with the resilience measures that we expect of organisations across the economy. In doing so, we are seeking to foster a skilled workforce capable of deploying the baseline cyber security expectations we set across diverse sectors of the economy. 2.7 Another key part of building a more cyber resilient UK is identifying and mitigating cyber risks as they proliferate across digital supply chains. By providing guidance, we can help businesses and organisations better manage risks associated with the digital products and services on which they rely. Our work in this space includes: Cyber Essentials Certification, which is a Government backed scheme to certify that organisations have taken the minimum steps to protect themselves against the most common cyber attacks. The