and they may need to be applied in a flexible manner without compromising the safety of the occupants. For example, if the travel distance is in excess of the norm for the level of risk you have determined, (see Part 2, Table 2 on page 68), it may be necessary to do any one or a combination of the following to compensate: • Provide earlier warning of fire using automatic fire detection. • Revise the layout to reduce travel distances. • Reduce the fire risk by removing or reducing combustible materials and/or ignition sources. • Control the number of people in the premises. • Limit the area to trained staff only (no public). • Increase staff training and awareness. Note: The above list is not exhaustive and is only used to illustrate some examples of trade-offs to provide safe premises. If you decide to significantly vary away from the benchmarks in this guidance then you should seek expert advice before doing so. 3.4.1 Fire-detection and warning systems In some small, open-plan, single-storey offices and shops, a fire may be obvious to everyone as soon as it starts. In these cases, where the number and position of exits and the travel distance to them is adequate, a simple shout of ÔfireÕ or a simple manually operated device, such as a gong or air horn that can be heard by everybody when operated from any single point within the building, may be all that is needed. Where a simple shout or manually operated device is not adequate, it is likely that an electrical fire warning system will be required. In larger premises, particularly those with more than one floor, where an alarm given from any single point is unlikely to be heard throughout the building an electrical system incorporating sounders and manually operated call points (break-glass boxes) is likely to be required. This type of system is likely to be acceptable where all parts of the building are occupied at the same time and it is unlikely that a fire could start without somebody noticing it quickly. Figure 7: Fire detection and warning system However, where there are unoccupied areas, or common corridors and circulation spaces in multi-occupied premises, in which a fire could develop to the extent that escape routes could be affected before the fire is discovered, an automatic fire detection system may be necessary. You may need to consider special arrangements for times when people are working alone, are disabled, or when your normal occupancy patterns are different, e.g. when maintenance staff or other contractors are working at the weekend. In large or complex premises, particularly those accommodating large numbers of people, such as department stores and multi-storey office blocks, it is likely that a more sophisticated form of warning and evacuation, possibly phased, should be provided. False alarms from electrical fire warning systems are a major problem (e.g. malicious activation of manual call points) and result in many unwanted calls to the fire and rescue service every year.