to facilitating a return to work to undertake the full range of duties commensurate with their role. Appropriate time off work to attend treatment for substance misuse or alcohol misuse problems, as recommended by an individualÕs General Practitioner or the OHU, shall be accommodated where possible. Table of Contents Any periods of absence as a result of treatment for substance misuse or alcohol misuse problems shall be treated as periods of sickness absence, as with any other form of ill health. Alcohol and drugs addictions are conditions which are expressly excluded from the scope of the definition of disability in the Equality Act 2010, however, an individual who suffers from ill health e.g. depression as a result of their addiction may well be deemed as having a disability and a protected characteristic under the Equality Act 2010. Appropriate Modification will be made to duties, during any period of treatment for substance misuse or alcohol misuse problems. This could be in consultation with the Occupational Health Unit, or considering advice taken from a Ôfit noteÕ. The modification will be for a fixed period and subject to operational requirements and feasibility in line with the Attendance Management Policy. 7. Roles and Responsibilities 7.1 Individuals who suspect they have a Substance Misuse or Alcohol Misuse Problem Every individual has a responsibility under the Health and Safety at Work Act (1974) to take reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and others and to co-operate with the ForceÕs requirements regarding health and safety. Individuals who have, or suspect that they have a substance misuse or alcohol misuse problem are to seek assistance as soon as possible from the OHU by contacting a member of the HR or a line manager, in order to obtain a referral. Individuals may also wish to approach a staff association or Trade Union/Federation/WEPA representative for support. When an individual is taking any medication (whether prescribed or non-prescribed) that has possible adverse side effects and they are involved in work of a hazardous nature they must notify their line manager immediately in order that work of a non-hazardous nature may be arranged. 7.2 Colleagues When an individual suspects that a colleague may have a substance misuse or alcohol misuse problem they should, initially, encourage that person to seek assistance. If this concern persists they should discuss the matter in confidence with a manager, a member of the HR or the CCU. If individuals do not feel able to report behaviour when they feel it is inappropriate to any of these, they can use the anonymous email electronic reporting system, this will be found on SharePoint and via the ÔStandards PortalÕ (also found on SharePoint). Colleagues should not, even for the best of motives, Ôcover upÕ for anyone whose work or behaviour is suffering as a result of an alcohol or drug related problem. Where an individual has reasonable grounds to believe that a colleague is involved in illegal drug related activity they must inform the Professional Standards, via