through Community Gardens Alix Kerebel 98 Regulating Personalized Pricing in the Big Data Era: Toward a Fair Market Framework Thej Khanna 101 Unmasking the Digital Deception: Combatting Deepfake Misinformation in Politics Kashyap Rajesh 105 Dual-Use Solar for New York: a Win-Win for Energy Development and Agriculture Harrison Sachs 109 Essential Car Service: Renewing America’s Commitment to Rural Communities Through EV Charging Jack Turner 112 Building Resilience through a Climate Change Superfund Connor Weiss 115 FOREIGN POLICY 118 Foreign Doctors Can Save Italy’s Vulnerable Healthcare System Zaki Ahmad 119 Instability and Insecurity in Pakistan: Addressing Police Brutality and Corruption Zain Ali 124 Restoring ASEAN Principles: Why Expelling Myanmar Could End the Junta’s Oppressive Reign Naina Kalra 129 Mexico President Claudia Sheinbaum Must Reform Her National Guard Jorge Mariño 133 Breaking the Cycle: Strengthening Police Response to Domestic Violence in Kyrgyzstan Olivia Pham 136 HEALTHCARE POLICY 141 Care for Colorectal Cancer: Establishing Self-Service FIT Kiosks to Diminish Racial Inequities Arjun Anugole 142 Addressing Florida’s Hidden Epidemic in Polypharmacy Tanirika Choudhry 146 Creating an International Recruitment Program to Increase Clinical Specialist Return to Ireland Zoë O'Halloran 150 Audit for Equity: Enhancing Accountability Across New Jersey’s Harm Reduction Services Kimia Shahriyar 153 FALL 2024 CORE EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS Gary Wu ‘26, Co-President Gary is a junior studying Policy Analysis and Management with minors in Business and Law & Society. He joined the Economics Center his freshman year and has since served as the Economics Center Director and now Co- President of CPG. Gary’s policy interests lie in the intersection of law, economics, data privacy, and the healthcare industry. Outside of CPG, Gary’s a Senior Research Assistant for the Labor Dynamics Institute and is conducting an independent research project as a Rawlings Cornell Presidential Scholar. After his undergrad, Gary plans on attending law school with a focus on healthcare and data privacy law. Isabel Lee ‘26, Co-President Isabel is a junior studying Health Care Policy with a minor in Philosophy. She was an Environment and Technology analyst for Spring 2023 and served as the center’s director the following 2023-2024 school year. As for her policy interests, Isabel is interested in the intersection between healthcare and technology policies, especially regarding EMS health technology. Keten Abebe ‘27, Director of Internal Affairs Keten is sophomore at the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy majoring in Public Policy. She is also pursuing three minors respectively in International Relations, Inequality Studies and Law and Society. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Foreign Policy Center and currently serves as CPG’s Director of Internal Affairs. Keten’s policy interests lie in the field of International Affairs, specifically within sustainability, human rights advocacy, international law, and the intersection between racial/gender disparities and policy. Outside of CPG, Keten is the Vice President of New Member Development for the Black Ivy Pre-Law Society, an Institute of Politics and Global Affairs Scholar, a Brooks School course assistant and a Cornell Tradition’s Fellow. She also conducts legal review and sustainable development projects