but the premises are occupied by a local authority or are managed by or on behalf of a local authority. 63 Consumption of alcohol in breach of prohibition in order (1) This section applies where a constable or an authorised person reasonably believes that a person (P)Ñ (a) is or has been consuming alcohol in breach of a prohibition in a public spaces protection order [F20or an expedited order], or (b) intends to consume alcohol in circumstances in which doing so would be a breach of such a prohibition. In this section Òauthorised personÓ means a person authorised for the purposes of this section by the local authority that made the F21... order (or authorised by virtue of section 69(1)). (2) The constable or authorised person may require PÑ (a) not to consume, in breach of the order, alcohol or anything which the constable or authorised person reasonably believes to be alcohol; (b) to surrender anything in P's possession which is, or which the constable or authorised person reasonably believes to be, alcohol or a container for alcohol. (3) A constable or an authorised person who imposes a requirement under subsection (2) must tell P that failing without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirement is an offence. (4) A requirement imposed by an authorised person under subsection (2) is not valid if the personÑ (a) is asked by P to show evidence of his or her authorisation, and (b) fails to do so. (5) A constable or an authorised person may dispose of anything surrendered under subsection (2)(b) in whatever way he or she thinks appropriate. (1) 40 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) A person who fails without reasonable excuse to comply with a requirement imposed on him or her under subsection (2) commits an offence and is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 2 on the standard scale. Restrictions on public rights of way 64 Orders restricting public right of way over highway (1) A local authority may not make a public spaces protection order [F22or expedited order] that restricts the public right of way over a highway without consideringÑ (a) the likely effect of making the order on the occupiers of premises adjoining or adjacent to the highway; (b) the likely effect of making the order on other persons in the locality; (c) in a case where the highway constitutes a through route, the availability