is a Ôcall for serviceÕ (see below). It is then allocated according to the ÔFraud Allocation MatrixÕ which is contained in the ÔCrime Allocation PolicyÕ on Firstpoint. 3) Partners Agency referrals who include Wiltshire Council, Department for Work and Pensions and Trading Standards. The Fraud Allocation Matrix is used to identify which department investigates. Fraud investigation by Wiltshire Police: Fraud is investigated in Wiltshire Police by four different business areas: > Community Policing Teams (CPT), > Criminal Investigation Departments (CID), > Safeguarding Adults Investigation Team (SAIT) and > Complex Fraud Team (Wiltshire Fraud Niche allocation inbox) > The Fraud Allocation Matrix is applied at the earliest stage by either the Crime Recording Supervisors or the Complex Fraud Manager. The FAM was designed to give some clarity to fraud investigators on which business area deals with the reported crime. It works on a point based system to identify where an investigation might require specialist investigative resource. All frauds that are reported or disseminated to Wiltshire Police are investigated to a conclusion, whether that be a • sanctioned outcome, • no further police action due to a lack of evidence, support, • not being in the public interest or • more appropriate for investigation or intervention from partner agencies. All outcomes are currently reported back to the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau by our Crime Registrars Department. Reports investigated by the Wiltshire Police are also subject to consideration of the principals set out in the ÔFraud Investigation ModelÕ (FIM). FIM is an extension to the principals set out in the Authorised Professional Practice on Investigation. FIM takes into account the unique nature of fraud crime types and considers that the period of harm to victims can be far greater in frauds than in other crime types. The aim of the FIM is to disrupt and protect at the point of reporting to stop the victim suffering further loss. All investigations will be conducted in line with APP Investigations and the Hierarchal Crime Review Procedure. ACTION Fraud: With the exception of crimes meeting the Ôcall for serviceÕ criteria (see below) police can advise the victim to report fraud to Action Fraud directly via the contact centre using the contact telephone number or on-line reporting tool. Action Fraud allocate crime for investigation based on these 5 principles: 1. The police force area covering the location of the fraudulent operation/ suspectÕs address or for Business related fraud the office address of the employee or if no office address, the Head Office of the company. 2. The police force area with the greatest number of individual usages or offences 3. The police force area where the first offence was committed 4. The police force area where the victim resides or works. 5. In the unlikely event that it is impossible to determine a Force Area using these principles the NFIB will determine a Force Area. Offences not recorded by Action Fraud (Do NOT report the following fraud offences to Action Fraud): • making, supplying or use of