on a balance of probabilities, that he was the recipient of the penalty notice. The court may set aside a fine in the interests of justice. [F54Subject to any regulations made under subsection (7), if] the court does set a fine aside it must— give such directions for further consideration of the case as it considers appropriate; or direct that no further action is to be taken in respect of the allegation that gave rise to the penalty notice concerned. [F55(7) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the directions that the court may, or must, give or the orders it may, or must, make if it sets aside a fine relating to a sum registered under section 8 on the basis that section 4(8) applies.] 14 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 1 – On the Spot Penalties for Disorderly Behaviour Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F56Orders and regulations 10A Orders and regulations under Chapter 1 Any power of the Secretary of State to make an order or regulations under this Chapter is exercisable by statutory instrument. Any power of the Secretary of State to make an order or regulations under this Chapter includes— power to make different provision for different cases, circumstances or areas, and power to make incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional or transitory provision or savings. The Secretary of State may not make an order under section 1(2) unless a draft of the statutory instrument containing the order (whether alone or with other provisions) has been laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament. A statutory instrument that contains an order or regulations made under this Chapter and is not subject to any requirement that a draft of the instrument be laid before, and approved by a resolution of, both Houses of Parliament, is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.] Interpretation Interpretation of Chapter 1 In this Chapter— [F57“approved educational course” has the meaning given in section 2(4);] “chief officer of police” includes the Chief Constable of the British Transport Police; “defaulter” has the meaning given in section 8(5); [F58“educational course scheme” has the meaning given in section 2(4);] “penalty notice” has the meaning given in section 2(4); [F59“penalty notice with an education option” has the meaning given in section 2(4);] “penalty offence” has the meaning given in section 1(1); Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 15 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23