likely to be affected by it; andÓ, andÓ (i) 96 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (c) in paragraph (c), for Òinterested parties and responsible authoritiesÓ substitute Ò responsible authorities and other persons Ó. (4) In section 18(7) (determination of application for premises licence)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òan interested party or responsible authorityÓ substitute Ò a responsible authority or other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (5) In section 31(6) (determination of application for provisional statement)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òan interested party or responsible authorityÓ substitute Ò a responsible authority or other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (6) In section 35(6) (determination of application to vary premises licence)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òan interested party or responsible authorityÓ substitute Ò a responsible authority or other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (7) In section 41B(2)(b)(ii) (determination of application for minor variation of premises licence), for Òan interested partyÓ substitute Ò any other person Ó. (8) In section 41D(6) (variation of premises licence: supply of alcohol from community premises), for paragraph (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) subsection (6)(c) were omitted.Ó. (9) In section 194 (index of defined expressions), omit the entry for the expression Òinterested party, in Part 3Ó. (10) In section 33 of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (individual members of licensing authorities to be interested parties), omit subsection (1). (11) The amendments made by this section apply in relation to applications relating to premises licences that are made on or after the commencement of this section. 106 Premises licences: who may apply for review (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (6). (2) In section 51 (application for review of premises licences)Ñ (a) in subsection (1), for Òan interested party or a responsible authorityÓ substitute Ò a responsible authority or any other person Ó, and (b) in subsection (3)Ñ (i) in paragraph (b), for Òinterested parties and responsible authoritiesÓ substitute Ò responsible authorities and other persons Ó, and (i) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 97 Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no