head of paid service) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) In the case of an elected local policing body, the body's chief executive is to be taken to have been designated as the head of the body's paid service (and, accordingly, subsection (1)(a) does not apply; but references to persons designated under this section include references to the body's chief executive).Ó. (3) In subsection (4), for Òsent toÓ substitute ÒsentÑ (a) in the case of an elected local policing body, to the body and to the police and crime panel for the body's police area; and (a) 298 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) in any other case, toÓ. (4) In subsection (5), after Òrelevant authorityÓ insert Ò (other than an elected local policing body) Ó. (5) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) It shall be the duty of an elected local policing body to consider any report under this section by the head of the body's paid service, and to do so no later than three months after the body is sent a copy of the report.Ó. (6) In subsection (6)(a), after ÒbelowÓ insert Ò and an elected local policing body Ó. 202 (1) Section 5 (designation and reports of monitoring officer) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1), in the words after paragraph (b), omit the words from Ò(or,Ó to ÒauthorityÓ (in the last place). (3) After subsection (1B) insertÑ Ò(1C) In the case of an elected local policing body, the body's chief executive is to be taken to have been designated as the monitoring officer (and, accordingly, subsection (1)(a) does not apply; but references to persons designated under this section include references to the body's chief executive).Ó. (4) In subsection (3)(b), for Òsent toÓ substitute ÒsentÑ (a) in the case of an elected local policing body, to the body and to the police and crime panel for the body's police area; and (b) in any other case, toÓ. (5) In subsection (5)(a), for Òdeputy atÓ substitute ÒdeputyÑ (i) in the case of an elected local policing body, no later than three months after the body is sent a copy of the report; and (ii) in any other case, atÓ. (6) In subsection (8)Ñ (a) in the definition of Òchief finance officerÓ, after Ò1999Ó insert Ò , Schedule 1 to the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 Ó; (b) in paragraph (a) of the definition of Òrelevant authorityÓ, after ÒbelowÓ insert Ò and an elected local policing body Ó. 203 In section 7 (all staff to be appointed on merit), in subsection (1)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), omit ÒorÓ; (b) after paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(aa)