covered by certificates for the following year, are not available. Following the change to the NFLMS, the main types of errors in the data are thought to relate to recording and classification errors. Shotgun certificates recorded as coterminous have been investigated as part of the regular, ongoing quality assurance work on the underlying data. We are aware that due to the method of data entry on the NFLMS, in a small number of cases, weapons may have been incorrectly categorised on NFLMS. There are now plans to introduce further data validation to the NFLMS to prevent this error from occurring in the future. In 2023, an additional data quality exercise was conducted. This involved identifying certificates that had been revoked, cancelled or had expired and asking forces to ensure they were updated and accurate on their systems. 4.5 Revisions It is standard practice across all Home O?ce statistical releases to include revisions to previous yearsÕ data in the latest release. Corrections and revisions follow the Home O?ceÕs statement of compliance with the Code of Practice for O?cial Statistics. 4.6 Rounding Data is mainly provided unrounded in the data tables to provide detail for users. However, caution should be used when comparing small di?erences between time periods. Percentages greater than 1% are presented to the nearest percent. All percentages less than 1% are rounded to the nearest significant figure, for example 0.43% would be presented as 0.4%. 5. Statistics on certificates in Scotland and Northern Ireland Scotland Police Scotland publish annual statistics on the number of firearm and shotgun certificates granted, renewed and revoked in Scotland. The figures are considered to be broadly comparable with those for England and Wales, due to the common legislation in the certification process. Northern Ireland The Police Service of Northern Ireland lists its statistical outputs on the statistics page of its website, but there are no series that are directly comparable to those for England and Wales. 6. Feedback and enquiries We are keen to improve the accessibility of our documents. If you have any problems or feedback relating to accessibility, or general enquiries, please email: Policing Statistics@homeo?ce.gov.uk. 6.1 Media enquiries via Home O?ce news desk Telephone: 0300 123 3535 Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales November 2020 Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales November 2020 Presented to Parliament pursuant to section 33 of the Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004 © Crown copyright 2020 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government