Crown Court (or Sheriff, in Scotland)1 and to the chief officer of police concerned within 21 days after the date on which they received notice of the decision of the chief officer against which they wish to appeal. The chief officer might want to consider any further evidence or representations at any time leading up to the hearing of an appeal. The administrator of the Crown Court or Sheriff is then required to enter the appeal and give notice to the appellant and to the chief officer of the date, time and place fixed for the hearing. Paragraph 5 of the Schedule provides that the chief officer may appear and be heard at the hearing of the appeal. The Schedule also provides for abandonment of an appeal 1 Schedule 5 Part III (Scotland) does not refer to a requirement to give notice of an appeal, the date, time and place of the hearing, or contain any provision about the abandonment of an appeal. 173 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law by notice in writing to the administrator of the Crown Court or Sheriff and the chief officer not less than two clear days before the hearing. 20.7 Section 44 of the 1968 Act was amended by section 41 of the 1997 Act. This provided two points of clarification in respect of the appeal process: (a) that an appeal shall be determined on the merits (and not by way of review), (R v Acton Crown Court (ex parte Varney) 1984); and (b) that the Court or Sheriff hearing an appeal may consider any evidence or other matter, whether or not it was available when the decision of the chief officer was taken (Kavanagh v Devon and Cornwall Constabulary 1974). 20.8 In practice, this means that the courts will consider the case afresh, including any matters that may have come to light since the chief officer of policeÕs decision was made. The chief officer should therefore consider any such matters which have arisen which might have a bearing on the case prior to the appeal. 20.9 In dealing with an appeal, police forces may wish to take the advice of their legal department on matters of law. It should be noted that apart from the Statutory Guidance for Chief Officers of Police, other guidance issued by the Home Office/Scottish Government or the National Policing Lead for Firearms Licensing is non-statutory in nature, and therefore there is no express statutory obligation for the police or the public to have regard to it. However, such guidance will often reflect the existing case law and previous decisions by the courts, and forces should consider what precedents may have been established in similar cases. 20.10 As a general rule, no order for costs should be made against the police where an applicant is successful on appeal, unless, as an exception to the general rule, the policeÕs decision was unreasonable, or the police have acted in bad faith, in which case costs can be awarded against the police