and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (d) about funding and expenditure, in relation to elections of police and crime commissioners, of candidates, political parties and other persons incurring such expenditure; (e) for the combination of polls at elections of police and crime commissioners and other polls; (f) for any election held in consequence of any irregularity at an ordinary election to be treated as held at an ordinary election for any of the purposes of this Act. (3) An order under subsection (1) mayÑ (a) apply or incorporate, with or without modifications or exceptions, any relevant provision; (b) modify any form contained in any relevant provision so far as may be necessary to enable it to be used both for the original purpose and in relation to elections for police and crime commissioners; (c) include provision creating criminal offences. (4) Provision within paragraph (d) of subsection (2) includes, in particularÑ (a) provision prohibiting, or imposing limitations on, funding or expenditure of any kind mentioned in that paragraph, and (b) provision for treating funding or expenditure of any such kind which does not relate exclusively to an election of police and crime commissioners as being (or not being), wholly or partly, funding or expenditure in relation to whichÑ (i) any provision within paragraph (a) applies, or (ii) any relevant provision applies. (5) The Secretary of State F43... may by order make modifications of any relevant provision that are consequential on any provision ofÑ (a) section 1(4), (b) this Chapter, (c) an order under subsection (1), or (d) regulations under section 54. F44(5A) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (6) Provision that may be made under subsection (5) includes, in particular, provision modifying any relevant provision so as to apply (with or without modifications)Ñ (a) in relation to elections for police and crime commissioners as it applies in relation to other elections; (b) in relation to police and crime commissioners as it applies in relation to persons elected at other elections. (7) In this sectionÑ Òrelevant provisionÓ means any provision (whenever passed or made) of, or made under, any of the followingÑ (a) the Representation of the People Acts, (b) the Local Government Act 1972, (c) the Local Government Act 2000, (d) the Political Parties, Elections and Referendums Act 2000, (e) F45... (f) the Government of Wales Act 2006, and (a) 56 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 6 Ð Police and crime commissioners: elections and vacancies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for