increasing funding for restorative school programs should be a city priority. To successfully transition from school policing to rehabilitative and restorative approaches, New York City needs to significantly reallocate funds for restorative justice. In 2024, 6.5 million dollars was budgeted for restorative justice programs in comparison to over $300 million dollars spent on NYPD School Safety Officers.1,2 Research indicates that the cost to implement restorative programs in the first year is about $48,000 per school.18 A substantial reallocation in school safety funding would allow the development and implementation of safe and successful alternatives to policing in public schools. Even without policing, safety within schools is paramount. The process of implementing alternative forms of school safety should include soliciting feedback and suggestions from school and community members, advocacy groups, students, and parents. These key agents should provide feedback on safety protocols and mental health resources. Including school members, advocacy groups, students, and parents will effectively help develop and revise training programs that educators and counselors must complete at the start of every school year, using successful programs as a model for implementation. A committee within the NYC Department of Education would oversee and implement training programs into schools, collaborating with community and advocacy groups. This committee would oversee school safety responses and ensure the prioritization of mental health and restorative practices over punishments and suspensions. Funding for this would be accounted for in the initial reallocation of funds. Advocacy groups, including Integration and Innovation Initiative at NYU Metro Center, Dignity in Schools New York, and the NYCLU, can help support city policymakers in implementing new restorative justice programs. These organizations have specialized in understanding policing in schools and researching how to implement successful alternatives. Addressing potential challenges and backlash from other policymakers is imperative for ensuring the feasibility of this program. Current NYC Mayor Eric Adams has increased NYPD school safety officers in his tenure, indicating that this proposal would face political backlash.19 However, research shows that students are not safer with police officers in schools. Furthermore, building a broad coalition of community leaders, educators, and parents will strengthen the case for ending school policing. Previously, under community pressure, former Mayor DeBlasio agreed to move control of thousands of school safety agents to the education department from the police department.20 It is time for an alternative that will not only work to combat racial inequities perpetuated by retributive policing in schools but that will keep students safe. Works Cited “The End of School Policing.” California Law Review. Accessed December 15, 2024. https://www.californialawreview.or g/print/the-end-of-school-policing. Morrison, Nick. “Police on Campus Criminalize Students Instead of Keeping Them Safe, Study Finds.” Forbes, November 10, 2023. https://www.forbes.com/sites/nickm orrison/2023/11/10/police-on- campus-criminalize-students- instead-of-keeping-them-safe- study-finds/. “City Eliminates Hundreds of Vacant School Safety Positions After More Than 20 Percent Decline in Safety Agent Staffing in City’s Public Schools over Three Years.” New York City Independent Budget Office, March 2023. https://www.ibo.nyc.ny.us/iboreport s/city-eliminates-hundreds-of- vacant-school-safety-positions- after-more-than-20-percent-decline- in-safety-agent-staffing-in-citys- public-schools-over-three-years- march-2023.pdf. “We Spend Millions Policing Students. It Doesn’t Make Our Schools Safer.” Vera Institute of Justice.