it is not already known to be suitable) in order to help to establish that the Ògood reasonÓ requirement has been fully met, and that the use of firearms and ammunition will not endanger public safety or the peace (section 27(1)(c) of the 1968 Act). 12.10 The land need not be owned or rented by the applicant, nor need they have regular or automatic access to it. Farmers and landowners may allow shooters to shoot on their land, for payment or otherwise, on a formal or informal basis. An applicant need not always nominate a piece of land as evidence of Ògood reasonÓ, but in such cases the applicant may be required, where possible, to provide written evidence, for example from a relevant organisation, a professional pest controller, gamekeeper or of a booking to shoot. 12.11 It is accepted that land is not intrinsically ÒsafeÓ or ÒunsafeÓ and that any shooter will have to exercise a strong measure of discretion in deciding whether to shoot in particular circumstances. However, the police will wish to be satisfied as part of Ògood reasonÓ that the land nominated is not clearly unsuitable for the types of firearms or ammunition to be used. The land inspection is intended only as part of the process of verifying that a Ògood reasonÓ exists. It should not normally be extended to other areas of land on which the applicant intends to shoot unless there is to be a condition restricting a new shooter to specified land only. An inspection, where it is required, may provide a good opportunity to confirm that the applicant understands the characteristics of the land and the best places to shoot safely on it. 12.12 The applicantÕs knowledge of safe shooting is also very important and they should therefore, where possible, be present when a land inspection takes place. This will give applicants the opportunity to confirm that they are aware of any potential hazards and know that no shot must ever be fired from a rifle unless there is a safe 96 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law backstop. Some of the issues that the police will need to consider in relation to all the circumstances of the specific application are: a) Presence of rights of way, public roads and footpaths and their frequency of use; b) Proximity of dwellings; c) Suitable backstops relevant to the firearm to be used (also important with a shot gun when using section 1 ammunition); d) General topography of the land; and, e) Presence of any quarry species on the land (see paragraphs 12.9, 12.14 and 12.15 for guidance). 12.13 A person whose certificate is to be conditioned to allow shooting only on land approved by the chief officer of police, should be able to establish whether an area of land has been approved for that type and calibre of firearm by contacting their local police firearms licensing department. It is expected that in only a small number of cases will it be necessary to inspect the