is the right one for the Force. You should consider the evidence available from both internal and external sources. You should consider stakeholder and user feedback, any indications from survey results (e.g. the staff survey) and relevant corporate and local performance monitoring data. Once you have collated the evidence you should assess it to identify what, if any, amendments to the policy or procedure are needed. ? Revision History Version Date Summary of Changes 4.0 05.10.2023 Scheduled review Ð minor changes made to ensure clarity and consistency with current department names etc. Reference to JNCC removed. Template v4 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Post Incident Procedure Date of Publication: December 2020 Version: 2.0 Next Review Date: December 2023 TABLE OF CONTENTS Policy Statement 3 Post Incident Manager 3 Collaborations and Cross Border 4 Appointment for Post Incident Manager 4 Applicability 4 Legal Basis & Driving Force 4 Related Policies, Procedures and other documents 5 Authorised Professional Practice 5 Data Protection 5 Freedom of Information Act 2000 5 Monitoring & Review 5 Who to contact about this policy 5 Post Incident Procedure 6 Cadre maintenance and training 6 Post Incident Management - Roles 7 Post Incident Ð procedures for return to work 7 Special Leave or Suspension from duty 7 APPENDIX 1 Ð PIP Designated Venue Plans/Equality Impact Assessment 8 APPENDIX 2 Ð Occupational Health Unit PIP flow chart 9 DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION 10 POLICY STATEMENT Keeping people safe is at the very heart of the Wiltshire Police. Our aim is simple Ð to increase the protection provided to communities so that those who live work or visit locally will be safe and feel safe. Death or serious injury following police contact is an emotive issue, even when the cause of death is not directly attributable to police action. It could lead to speculation, mistrust and possible disorder from the family, relations, friends, or the local community. It will also have a significant impact on the emotional wellbeing of any officers and staff involved. The Post Incident Procedure (PIP) seeks to strike a balance between the needs of an investigation with the welfare of any staff involved after such an incident. The Procedure will facilitate so that the best possible evidence is made available for a tranparent investigation, while managing the impact such an incident will have upon any Key Police Witnesses (KPW) and their families. This policy applies to all police officers and police staff who could be considered as a KPW under the definition in APP for the discharge of a weapon or for Death and Serious Injury incidents. Recent updates to Post-Incident APP has officially expanded this beyond the world of firearms and the discharge of a lethal or less lethal weapon and there is now a separate APP for any incident which is not covered under the armed policing APP: • Where a death or serious injury (DSI) results, directly or indirectly, from the discharge of a firearm, less lethal weapon, or specialist munition. https://www.app.college.police.uk/app-content/armed-policing/post-deployment/#post-incident- management OR (new APP)