then give the owner notice in writing of how they intend to dispose of the firearms and ammunition and the owner may appeal against the decision of revocation or partial revocation in accordance with section 44 of the 1968 Act. The court may then either dismiss the appeal or make such order as to the disposal of the firearms and ammunition as it thinks fit. In all cases, the police should keep records of how and where firearms have been disposed. Police Records and Procedures 10.46 In England and Wales, police forces use National Firearms Licensing Management System (NFLMS) to administer firearms licensing. Police forces can record on NFLMS the nominal details of all applicants and certificate holders and the status of those certificates including firearms possessed and further details such as how they are stored. It should be noted that whilst NFLMS is the system used in England and Wales, this does not apply in Scotland. In the event of a certificate holdersÕ death, a permit in order to dispose of the certificated arms may be issued to the Executor or their nominated agent. 10.47 If there is an appeal, the fact and result should be noted on NFLMS. Results of police inquiries and intelligence information relevant to the certificate holderÕs circumstances should be integrated within the records. Care should be taken to ensure consistency in recording the types of firearms. If a firearm certificate is revoked (section 30A of the 1968 Act, as updated by section 40 of the 1997 Act) or cancelled (section 52(1) of the 1968 Act), this should, be reflected on NFLMS. 10.48 It may not always be practicable to recover the certificate where an individual has gone abroad. If the certificates are recovered, the records can be restricted to what may be worth keeping permanently, but the certificate should first be checked 85 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law against the record and against any notices of sale received under sections 32 to 35 of the 1997 Act. 86 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 11: Shot gun Certificate Procedure 11.1 This chapter provides an overview of the shot gun certificate procedure. It should be read alongside the Statutory Guidance for Chief Officers of Police. Introduction 11.2 Shot gun certificates are the mechanism for licensing smooth-bore guns that do not require firearm certificates (see Chapter 2). The shot gun certificate differs from the firearm certificate in that it authorises a person to have in their possession, purchase, or to acquire, an unlimited number of shot guns without the need for approval in respect of individual guns. 11.3 The certificate must specify the description of the shot guns to which it relates, including, if known, the identification number of the guns. Shot guns held on loan for less than 72 hours do not have to be entered on Table 2 of the certificate, nor does notification of temporary transfer have to be given by either party. 11.4 Although a shot gun certificate is not required in