is an alleged victim of an offence ifÑ (a) an allegation has been made to a constable or other person involved in the investigation of the offence that P has suffered physical, mental or emotional harm, or economic loss, which was directly caused by the offence, and (b) P is an individual. (7) For the purposes of this section an alleged victim of an offence is vulnerable if the alleged victimÑ (a) was aged under 18 at the time of the offence, or (b) may have difficulty understanding a communication from an investigating officer under this section, or communicating effectively in response to it, by reason ofÑ (i) a physical disability or disorder, (ii) a mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1983, or (iii) a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning.Ó 22 After section 47 insertÑ Ò47ZZA Duty to seek views of alleged victims on conditions of pre-charge bail (1) Subsections (2) to (5) apply ifÑ (a) a person has been arrested for an offence, and (b) a custody officer proposes to release the person on bail under this Part (except section 37C(2)(b) or 37CA(2)(b)). (2) If it is reasonably practicable to do so, the investigating officer must seek the views of the alleged victim (if any) of the offence onÑ (a) whether relevant conditions should be imposed on the personÕs bail, and (b) if so, what relevant conditions should be imposed. (a) 280 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) In this section Òrelevant conditionÓ, in relation to an offence and an alleged victim of that offence, means a condition that relates to the safeguarding of the alleged victim. (4) The investigating officer must inform the custody officer of any views obtained under subsection (2). (5) If the person is granted bail subject to relevant conditions, the investigating officer must, if it is reasonably practicable to do so, notify the alleged victim of the offence of those conditions. (6) If the alleged victim of the offence appears to the investigating officer to be vulnerable, subsections (2) and (5) apply as if references to the alleged victim of the offence were to a person appearing to the officer to represent the alleged victim. (7) Subsections (8) to (11) apply ifÑ (a) a person has been arrested for an offence, (b) the person has been released on bail under this Part subject to conditions, and (c) the person requests a custody officer to vary the conditions under section 3A(8) of