. . . . . . . . . . F902(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F903(4) Where the relevant review body so requires on the making of an application for a review under sub-paragraph (1B), the appropriate authority must provide the relevant review body with— a copy of the report of the investigation, and such information concerning the authority's determinations under paragraph 24 as is described in a notification given by the relevant review body to the authority.] [F904(4A) On a review applied for under sub-paragraph (1B), the relevant review body must determine whether the outcome of the complaint is a reasonable and proportionate outcome. (4B) In making a determination under sub-paragraph (4A), the relevant review body may review the findings of the investigation. (4C) Where the [F632Director General] is the relevant review body and the [F632Director General] finds that the outcome is not a reasonable and proportionate outcome, the [F632Director General] may— make [F656the Director General's] own findings (in place of, or in addition to, findings of the investigation); direct that the complaint be re-investigated; make a recommendation to the appropriate authority in respect of any person serving with the police— that the person has a case to answer in respect of misconduct or gross misconduct or has no case to answer in relation to the person's conduct to which the investigation related; that the person's performance is, or is not, unsatisfactory; that disciplinary proceedings of the form specified in the recommendation are brought against the person in respect of Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 233 the person's conduct, efficiency or effectiveness to which the investigation related; that any disciplinary proceedings brought against that person are modified so as to deal with such aspects of that conduct, efficiency or effectiveness as may be so specified; make a recommendation under paragraph 28ZA. (4D) Where the [F632Director General] makes a recommendation under sub-paragraph (4C) (c)— the appropriate authority must notify the [F632Director General] whether it accepts the recommendation and (if it does) set out in the notification the steps that it is proposing to take to give effect to it, and sub-paragraphs (4) to (8) and (9)(b) of paragraph 27 apply in relation to the recommendation as if it had been made under that paragraph. (4E) Where a local policing body is the relevant review body and