community against alleged or perceived breaches of the family or community’s code of behaviour. It can therefore include ‘honour’-based abuse, forced marriage, female genital mutilation, and other harmful practices such as reproductive coercion (and as part of this, forced abortion). See 'Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic Abuse' for further detail on these forms of abuse. Young people may be at an increased risk of abuse perpetrated by family members.23 Young people may be inherently more vulnerable because it is harder for them to distinguish between normal and abusive behaviours, and this may especially be the case where the perpetrator is a trusted family member. A young person may find it more difficult to report or disclose abuse by an adult. There may be no safe channel for disclosure, young people may fear the repercussions of disclosure or may not want other family members to get into trouble. There may be an increased risk of abuse by family members for young LGBT people. Research by Galop suggests that young LGBT people (aged 13 to 24) disclose disproportionately higher levels of abuse from immediate family members compared to other age groups.24 In responding to abuse by family members, services should consider the ways in which the patterns of abuse may differ from, or in cases relate to, patterns of abuse found in cases of intimate partner abuse. Services should ensure assessment procedures are used appropriately to identify risk. For example, professionals should be aware that family members are not always protective figures for those who experience intimate partner abuse, as in some circumstances family members may constitute a risk themselves and be complicit in abuse. Child-to-parent abuse Abuse within the family includes child-to-parent abuse, also commonly referred to as Adolescent to Parent Violence/Abuse (APV/A) and Child and Adolescent to Parental Violence and Abuse (CAPVA). Child-to-parent abuse can involve children of all ages, including adult children, and abuse toward siblings, grandparents, aunts, uncles as well as other family members such as those acting as kinship carers. If the child is 16 years of age or over, the abuse falls under the statutory definition of domestic abuse in the 2021 Act. There is no specific legal definition of child-to-parent abuse but it is generally accepted to involve some of the patterns of behaviour that can be found in other relationship contexts. Behaviours can encompass, but are not limited to, humiliating and belittling 23 ONS. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data from year ending March 2020. 24 The research is based on analysis of 626 LGBT+ victims who received advocacy support from Galop’s domestic abuse service in Greater London. Magic, J, Kelly, P. LGBT+ people’s experiences of domestic abuse: a report on Galop’s domestic abuse advocacy service: Galop: 2017. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance language, violence and threats, jealous and controlling behaviours, damage to property, stealing and heightened sexualised behaviours. Child-to-parent abuse appears gendered, with the majority of cases being perpetrated by sons against