varying characteristics that the police were struggling to address. Crime rates continued to rise, as did the cost of policing (Brogden and Nijhar 2005). In addition to this now largely ineffective approach to policing, police officers themselves were coming under scrutiny for their behaviour (planting evidence, abuse of suspects, taking bribes, etc). Several corruption scandals have occurred on both sides of the Atlantic in the mid to late 20th century, leading to various attempts at reform, which usually met with limited success. Police morale was falling, as was the confidence of the public in them (Wright 2002). In the 1980s and 1990s came the move towards ‘effectiveness and efficiency’ in the police service. This is the dawn of the New Public Management (NPM) era in the UK (and similarly with COMPSTATiii in the US), which sought to reconceptualise the police in terms of being a service (rather than a force) that was accountable to its customers (rather than to clients or the ‘public’). Public services were increasingly managed in ways similar to that of the private sector (O’Malley 1997) where performance was to be measured against pre-set targets to ensure best ‘value for money’. These locally set targets for policing were designed to meet nationally set objectives (Fielding and Innes 2006). This has had many implications for policing practice, some of which will be discussed in later sections of this chapter. While the move towards this kind of managerialism was intended to ensure that the police service performed more effectively, the types of police work that are most easily measured, evidenced and quantified are those that rely on traditional policing methods (enforcement leading to better arrest rates, clear-up rates, etc.). Certain types of crime satisfy these targets better than others, known as the ‘volume crimes’ such as burglary or assault, and thus these tend to be prioritised. Police methods themselves remained largely unchanged in this management style, while their use is now more carefully held to account. The public’s role as consumers of a service who deserve to be satisfied that their needs are being met is essential. However, as policing objectives are set at a national level, there is only a certain amount of scope for how much the ‘community’ can influence policing in this model (Long 2003, Maguire and John 2006). So while the New Public Management was meant to be a great change in the police organisation (and in certain respects it is), it has left some of the key problems with policing unaddressed: enforcement-orientated methods into which the public has little real input are still valued. Manning (1999) has argued that not only is it not possible for the police to be ‘efficient and effective’, but that it is actually not desirable. For example, a public service that needs to be able to respond at a moment’s notice to any event must have extra resources and time at the ready to spend on it – something that is neither efficient nor effective in terms of officers’