161 (8) The Director General may, in such circumstances as the Director General considers appropriate, determine that persons are not to be treated as restricted persons so far as relating to the exercise of designated functions (whether generally or in respect of particular functions specified in the determination). (9) The Director General must publish a statement of policy about how the Director General proposes to exercise the powers conferred by sub-paragraphs (7)(a) and (8). (10) The statement must in particular draw attention to any restrictions on the carrying out of functions imposed by virtue of their designation under sub-paragraph (7)(a) and explain the reasons for imposing them. (11) The exercise of the powers conferred by sub-paragraphs (7)(a) and (8) is subject to any regulations under section 23(1) of the kind mentioned in section 23(2)(g) (regulations limiting persons who may be appointed to carry out investigations etc). (12) An authorisation under this paragraph does not prevent the Director General from exercising the function to which the authorisation relates. (13) Anything done or omitted to be done by or in relation to a person authorised under this paragraph in, or in connection with, the exercise or purported exercise of the function to which the authorisation relates is to be treated for all purposes as done or omitted to be done by or in relation to the Director General. (14) Sub-paragraph (13) does not apply for the purposes of any criminal proceedings brought in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by the authorised person.] Superannuation and insurance 7 (1) Where a person whoÑ (a) is employed by the [F601Office], and (b) is by reference to that employment a participant in a scheme under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 (c. 11), is appointed as the [F602Director General]F603..., the Treasury may determine that his service in that office shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as service as an employee of the [F601Office]; and his rights under the scheme shall not be affected by anything done under paragraph 4. (2) The EmployersÕ Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Act 1969 (c. 57) shall not require insurance to be effected by the [F601Office]. 162 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 Ð The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Liability for acts of the Director General [F6047A(1) A person holding office as the Director General has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the exercise of the Director General's functions unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in