ballistic shot in the marked location. e) Measure the velocity and record in the software. f) Check to see whether the armour has perforated and record this information into the software (0 = non-perforation; 1 = perforation; 2 = ignore record.27) g) Further velocity suggestions will be made by the software based on the outcome of each shot, repeat steps (c) to (f) for future shots until end condition met. 6.8.5. Assessments Pass criteria for V01 are values of 375 m.s-1 and 440 m.s-1 for HO1 and HO2 protection levels, respectively. V50 values are, at this stage, not involved in assessments but shall be used for comparative purposes in subsequent PQT (and ILM) evaluations. 6.8.6. Records On completion of a CPA test, V01 and V50 values given by the software shall be recorded. The data sheet containing submitted information shall be saved using the following naming convention: CPA Ð [Manufacturer] Ð [Armour Model] Ð [Test Facility Name] Ð [Protection Level] Ð [Date] This file shall be submitted to CAST alongside the certification test report. 6.9. Additional ballistic tests Additional shots may be performed at perceived points of weakness on the protective panels. The test facility is authorised to identify potential points of weakness for testing purposes on CASTÕs approval. CAST may also instruct the test facility to conduct tests on specific locations of the panel, which will be determined on review of the technical file. 27 To be used in instances where there is an unfair shot (based on distance only) or insufficient data has been recorded (e.g. velocity not measured). 6.10. Extended coverage 6.10.1. Test configuration 6.10.1.1. Soft armour panels Extended coverage panels of a soft armour construction shall be assessed on a flat Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray prepared, conditioned and calibrated in the same manner as unformed armour outlined in Sections 6.5.1 and 6.5.2. Soft extended coverage panels shall be mounted using two 50 mm wide hook and loop fabric straps adjusted by hand such that the panel is secure but not deformed and the body side of the protective panel is in contact with the surface of the backing material. 6.10.1.2. Hard armour panels Extended coverage panels of a hard armour construction (plates) shall be mounted on a flat Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray prepared, conditioned and calibrated in the same manner as unformed armour outlined in Sections 6.5.1 and 6.5.2 and back-filled with conditioned Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 material into the armour cavities. Hard extended coverage panels shall be mounted using two 50 mm wide hook and loop fabric straps adjusted by hand such that the panel is secure but not deformed and the body side of the protective panel is in contact with the surface of the backing material. 6.10.2. Shot marking The centremost point on the panel shall be marked as the shot centre based on the intersections of the centrelines of the armour (from the widest sections) in horizontal and vertical directions, as shown in Figure 20. In some instances, these locations