notice to stop doing specified things remains in effect, unless the court orders otherwise, but (b) any other requirement imposed by the notice is of no effect. For this purpose an appeal is Òin progressÓ until it is finally determined or is withdrawn. (4) A magistrates' court hearing an appeal against a community protection notice mustÑ (a) quash the notice, (b) modify the notice (for example by extending a period specified in it), or (c) dismiss the appeal. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 25 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 1 Ð Community protection notices Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Failure to comply with notice 47 Remedial action by local authority (1) Where a person issued with a community protection notice (Òthe defaulterÓ) fails to comply with a requirement of the notice, the relevant local authority may take action under subsection (2) or subsection (3) (or both). (2) The relevant local authority may have work carried out to ensure that the failure is remedied, but only on land that is open to the air. (3) As regards premises other than land open to the air, if the relevant local authority issues the defaulter with a noticeÑ (a) specifying work it intends to have carried out to ensure that the failure is remedied, (b) specifying the estimated cost of the work, and (c) inviting the defaulter to consent to the work being carried out, the authority may have the work carried out if the necessary consent is given. (4) In subsection (3) Òthe necessary consentÓ means the consent ofÑ (a) the defaulter, and (b) the owner of the premises on which the work is to be carried out (if that is not the defaulter). Paragraph (b) does not apply where the relevant authority has made reasonable efforts to contact the owner of the premises but without success. (5) A person authorised by a local authority to carry out work under this section may enter any premises to the extent reasonably necessary for that purpose, except that a person who is only authorised to carry out work under subsection (2) may only enter land that is open to the air. (6) If work is carried out under subsection (2) or (3) and the relevant local authority issues a notice to the defaulterÑ (a) giving details of the work that was carried out, and (b) specifying an amount that is no more than the cost to the authority of having the work carried out, the defaulter is liable to the authority for that amount (subject