a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) protecting the public, or any particular members of the public, from harm from the defendant, or (b) protecting children or vulnerable adults generally, or any particular children or vulnerable adults, from harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom.Ó (9) In subsection (8), at the appropriate place insertÑ ÒÒthe defendantÓ, in relation to a sexual risk order made under section 27 of the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm (Scotland) Act 2016 (asp 22), means the person against whom the order has effect;Ó; ÒÒsexual risk orderÓ includes a sexual risk order made under section 27 of the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm (Scotland) Act 2016.Ó Amendments of the Sentencing Code 3 (1) Section 351 of the Sentencing Code (variation of sexual harm prevention order by court in Northern Ireland) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, after ÒVariationÓ insert Ò, renewal or dischargeÓ. (3) In subsection (2), in the words after paragraph (b), after ÒvaryingÓ insert Ò, renewing or dischargingÓ. (4) In subsection (5), in the words after paragraph (b)Ñ (a) after ÒvaryingÓ insert Ò, renewing or dischargingÓ, and (b) for Òsubsections (6) and (7)Ó substitute Òsubsections (5A) to (7A)Ó. (5) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in Northern Ireland, and (b) whether the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, England and Wales.Ó (6) In subsection (6), in the words before paragraph (a)Ñ (a) after ÒAn order may beÓ insert Òrenewed, orÓ, and (b) for ÒonlyÓ substitute Ò, onlyÓ. (a) 368 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (7) In subsection (7), in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒAn order asÓ insert Òrenewed orÓ. (8) After subsection (7) insertÑ Ò(7A) The court must not discharge an order before the end of the period of 5 years beginning with the day on which the order was made without the consent of the defendant and the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland.Ó PART 2 VARIATION OF ORDER BY COURT IN SCOTLAND Amendments of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (c. 42) 4 After section 136ZD of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 insertÑ Ò136ZE Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual harm prevention order etc