confidence in the CJS. However, the benefits of any change in charging authority need to be fully tested prior to adoption. It will be crucial that there is careful consideration of the impact of increases in charging upon other partners and on victimsÕ experience of the CJS. The Home Office recognise that over time the redaction burden on policing has significantly increased. The Home Office has been working closely with the NPCC, CPS, Ministry of Justice (MoJ) and the Attorney GeneralÕs Office to explore ways of addressing this. This includes funding new technology, improved processes, updated guidance, and changes to legislation. The Home Office are keen to see collaboration continue across the sector, building on the work already completed, ensuring understanding where priorities and success measures align. The National Criminal Justice Coordination Committee is seeking, as part of its Improvement Plan, to agree a series of improvement measures for policing. The Home Office will work closely with the National Team, CPS and Joint Operational Improvement Board to ensure these measures are proportionate and aligned, and will also need to ensure measures do not encourage perverse incentives. Mental Health Demand and Policing The two mental health ÔsprintsÕ carried out by the Policing Productivity Review team made a series of recommendations relating to mental health and policing, which are considered below. The National Partnership Agreement (NPA) on the Right Care, Right Person (RCRP) approach (July 2023), signed by the Home Office, Department of Health and Social Care, NHS England (NHSE) and national policing bodies, applies the RCRP approach to mental health-related incidents in England. Similar partnership work is underway in Wales. All territorial police forces have committed to introduce RCRP. At the time of publication, a majority of police forces across England and Wales report having introduced at least one phase of the wider RCRP approach. The Home Office and Department of Health and Social Care are monitoring and evaluating the rollout of RCRP. Implementation of the NHS Long Term Plan (LTP) ambition of having age-appropriate 24/7 mental health crisis lines accessible via NHS 111 by April 2024 is well underway. People experiencing a mental health crisis in all areas of the country are able to access telephone support and face-to-face assessments where needed, with these lines receiving over 200,000 calls per month. From the end of April, these services will be accessible via a simple and memorable number - NHS 111 Ôselect mental health optionÕ. The NHS is delivering a substantial expansion in community crisis services, including growing the workforce. In 2016, the total national staffing in adult community crisis services was 5,104 WTE (whole time equivalents). By 2022, it had more than doubled to 10,488 WTE. Other improvements and investments have been made to support someone in a mental health crisis. 100% of hospitals with a type 1 Emergency Department have a 24/7 liaison service (on site or via in-reach), which is a specialist service providing mental health care in a physical health setting, and 77% of services are commissioned