turnover, recruitment and training. Evidence also shows that productivity can be reduced through the lower level of performance of employees who are at work but experiencing stress or mental health problems. This is known as 'presenteeism'. 3. National Strategies and Initiatives This policy will embrace and support the implementation of related national strategies and guidance as well as a number of legal requirements regarding employment, including employers' duty of care. These are: • The College of Policing Blue light framework 2017. • National Police Wellbeing programme 2018. • Health, work and wellbeing' (Department for Work and Pensions 2005; 2008). • Dame Carol Black's review of the health of Britain's working age population: Working for a healthier tomorrow (Department for Work and Pensions and the Department of Health 2008). • Mental health and employment strategy (Department for Work and Pensions and the Department of Health 2009 currently being reviewed 2018). • Home Office (2018) A common goal for police wellbeing. To be achieved by 2021. • Employment laws regarding equality, anti-discrimination, health and safety, maternity and parental leave and flexible working. • The Health and Safety Executive's standards for managing work-related stress. 4. Wiltshire Police Mental Health Mission Statement To every extent possible, Wiltshire Police aim to create a working environment that promotes mental wellbeing and address cases of workplace pressures that contribute to mental health issues. We will: • Commit to the Blue light pledge to reduce stigma around mental health. The Chief Constable and OPCC have re- signed the Blue Light Pledge in 2018 for reducing the stigma of mental health. • • Deliver proactive measure to help maintain and improve mental wellbeing • Deliver Mental health awareness training to line mangers • All police officers , Police staff and families have access to a confidential 24 hour counselling • Adopt the Blue light framework • Identify issues proactively and resolve them through a mediation process, personal risk assessment, case conference. • Support employees who face mental health problems. • Create pleasant workplaces in collaboration with managers, employees, staff associations and health experts • Create a support network that provides access to suitably trained staff to offer peer support As part of our integrated approach to wellness and mental health, there are numerous internal strategies, policies and guidance documents which underpin Wiltshire PoliceÕs Mental Health Mission statement, these include our: • People Culture and Inclusion strategy • Wellness Strategy • Agile Working Guidance • Ageing Workforce Guidance • Issue Resolution and Dignity at Work Policy • Flexible Working policy • Health and Safety Policy • Attendance Management policy • Occupational Health Policy This list isnÕt exhaustive. All of these policies aim to preserve a harmonious workplace where employees can enjoy their work and balance their jobs with their personal lives. We all have responsibility to ensure adherence to these policies. In addition to the above listed strategies and policies there are also a number of Strategic Boards in place to monitor review practice and policy to enhance and improve