in Custody DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW Monitoring and evaluation of this policy is the responsibility of the Superintendent HQ Operations and Contact Management who will re-authorise it annually. This policy and the activation of any PIP procedure will be monitored quarterly through the Armed Policing Strategic Threat and Risk Assessment meetings (APSTRA) to ensure it remains accurate and compliant with both legislation and national/ local drivers. Local debrief after a PIP will be organized by the Lead PIM in order to identify any immediate learning form the PIP. This will be restricted to the PIM cohort involved. A full debrief of the entire incident will be directed by Gold at the most appropriate time, most likely when any investigation is concluded. This policy will be reviewed after one year, following which a decision as to whether two or three yearly reviews are necessary there on. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY Responsibility on behalf of the Chief Constable for this policy resides with the following post holders: • Superintendent Operations • Inspector Operational Lead Armed Policing • POST INCIDENT PROCEDURE The Superintendent, Force Operations, must ensure the maintenance of the policy for post-incident procedure. They will ensure: o The appointment and training/accreditation of officers to effectively meet the needs of the post incident procedure o That there exists a process for the activation of a PIP and the use of the PIP suite which are reviewed in line with this policy o Any documentation that is used as an aide memoir for the management of the post incident procedure is to form part of the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) (i.e. Post Incident Managers Aide Memoir) o Provision is made for the archiving of policy guidance and SOPs to meet force scrutiny, either for legal or civil purposes. Post incident procedure A considerable amount of research has gone into preparing and revising the College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice. The purpose of this policy is to ensure it compliments the guidance given in Authorised Professional Practice and most importantly to bring some clarity to our own officers as to who does what, when and where. This procedure will be available to assist all staff in preparation to undertake the following: o Carry out their operational work; o Carry out any investigative work; o Provide the appropriate welfare support where needed. It is natural that in high risk and / or violent or traumatic incidents officers will be concerned for their own liability, safety and well-being. Likewise, the public also for their safety and that the appropriate lawful procedures have been undertaken. The following sections will now consist of procedural guidance with associated information. It must be kept