(Amendment) Act 1988 is granted, varied or renewed. 19.21 No fee is payable in respect of a firearm certificate subsequently granted by the police to the responsible officer of any rifle or muzzle-loading pistol club or miniature rifle club approved by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers, and relating to firearms and ammunition to be used solely for target shooting by members of the club. Nor is any fee payable in respect of the variation or renewal or such a certificate (section 32(2) of the 1968 Act). Museum firearms licence 19.22 Part 4 of The Firearms (Fees) Regulations 2019 sets out the fees payable to the Home Office or Scottish Government before a licence under the Schedule to the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 (firearms and ammunition in museums) is granted, varied or renewed. 19.23 Museums that possess a museum firearms licence are not subject to any fees in respect of applications for, or variations of, authorisations as dealers under section 5. 171 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 20: Notices and Appeals 20.1 This chapter provides information about: • the circumstances that require chief officers of police, the Secretary of State or Scottish Ministers to provide notices to those including firearms or shot gun certificate holders, and registered firearms dealers; and • the process for appeals against police decisions. Notices 20.2 Chief officers of police are required to give notice: (a) to the holder of a firearm certificate: • when varying a condition in the certificate (section 29(1) of the 1968 Act); or • when the chief officer requires them to surrender their certificate under section 30D(1) of the 1968 Act Ð whereupon the chief officer of police may request in writing the holder surrender any firearms or ammunition in their possession; or the certificate is cancelled by a court (section 52(2)(b) of the 1968 Act). • when (following all reasonable attempts to reunite firearms with their owner), the chief officer of police chooses a manner in which to dispose of a firearm or ammunition of the certificate holder under section 12(4) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. Every reasonable effort should be made to realise the best price for the firearm(s) and ammunition where possible (see also Chapter 10 under Ôrevocations and cancellationsÕ). (b) to the holder of a shot gun certificate: • when requiring them to surrender their certificate when it has been revoked by the chief officer of police (section 30D(1) of the 1968 Act or cancelled by a court (section 52(2)(b) of the 1968 Act). (c) to a registered firearms dealer: • who has failed by the date of expiry to surrender their certificate of registration, requiring them to comply with the statutory requirement (section 38(6) of the 1968 Act); • of the intention to remove their name from the Register; or • when the name of the dealer is removed from the register, requiring them to surrender their certificate of registration and register of transactions. If the register is kept by means of