may attempt to borrow money from colleagues. • Tendency to blame others for shortcomings at work and to over-react to real or imagined criticism. • Moodiness, apathy, depression, irritability. • General neglect of appearance including cleanliness and personal hygiene. 11.2 If an officer / member of staff displays any of the above behavioural changes, it must not be automatically assumed that this is proof of a substance misuse problem, as there could be other explanations for any of the above including, among other things, stress and mental ill health. Table of Contents APPENDIX D Drug Screening: Protocol for Testing 1. Recruits and serving officers 1.1 There are some differences that may apply to the procedures used for testing potential recruits and serving officers. If a potential recruit does not wish to submit to a test, he or she may withdraw from the recruitment process. An officer is obliged to submit to a test, if so required, and may, as a consequence, have to declare information about medications that he or she is taking. These declarations may have the effect of disclosing personal information that the officer is entitled to expect will be treated in confidence by Occupational Health. A serving officer may not be recalled to duty for the purpose of testing By contrast, all aspects of the collection and on-site screening of samples from potential recruits, including the taking of information about medications, may be undertaken as a part of the human resources function. 2. Conducting the test 2.1 There will be a secure chain of custody through collection, analysis and medical review. Laboratory analysis will be undertaken by an independent agency. Collection of samples, and initial on Ð site screening, may be undertaken by an independent agency, or by suitably qualified staff in force. Samples will either be posted to, or collected/obtained by, the independent agency. 2.2 For the purpose of the physical administration of the test, a suitably qualified person will be a trained person, officer or member of staff of the Force, or a member of the Occupational Health Unit. Where completion of the paperwork by an officer involves disclosure of medication being taken, only occupational health staff and/or the person administering the test should see that paperwork. It follows that where the paperwork is not completed by the officer personally, (i.e. it is completed in response to questions put to the officer, and then signed by the officer) that task should be undertaken by occupational health staff or the suitably trained person administering the test. It is essential that information about medications taken prior to the test is recorded at the time of specimen collection, and not at any later stage. 3. On-site screening and laboratory testing 3.1 Any test that may be relied upon in disciplinary proceedings should be conducted through laboratory analysis, not on site testing. On - site testing, using portable testing kits, may be used to screen out persons tested. However, if there is a positive indication at any screening stage,