those involved must not have the direct means of entering any stores or areas where large collections are stored. In some circumstances it may be necessary for security guards however to have access to areas where firearms are in display conditions. 6.25 Night guarding will often mean that an extensive collection of firearms is housed in the museum, in which case it is particularly important that the guard(s) have the means of monitoring the building by intruder detection devices and CCTV as appropriate. Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) 6.26 Resource does not see CCTV as a panacea to the threat of crime as perceived by some others, but it does recognise that it can be a valuable aid especially in support of invigilation when the museum is open to the public as an element in a basket of security measures. To be effective in post-incident investigation 6.1 it needs to feature multiplex recording where a number of cameras are in use and pictures produced need to be of evidential quality. 6.27 Security for firearms not on display will be in accordance with the level appropriate to the type and number of the firearms involved. Standards should be not less than that expected for the security for registered firearms dealers or Home Office approved clubs. Exhibiting of Firearms etc. 6.28 There will be occasions when museums will seek to display large firearms that cannot be easily carried. In such cases, the museum should be required to provide attack resisting security fixings, although obviously the point will come where a firearm cannot be moved without mechanical assistance and its criminal use is highly unlikely. 6.29 Small firearms, i.e. rifles, handguns etc., should only be displayed in cases having good attack resisting qualities and are to the requirements of the Security Advisor to Resource as outlined in Annex A. 6.30 Display cases holding handguns or similar sized section 5 firearms should not normally be installed in entrance foyer areas or close to exit or other doors from the building. 6.31 Display cases should be firmly attached to the fabric of the building with appropriate fixing devices, or secured on substantial frames to prevent their removal 6.32 Small arms displays should not normally be located in areas where surveillance either by staff or remote devices, i.e. CCTV is not provided. 6.33 All display cases housing firearms should be fitted with alarms, with preference being given to vibration detection in order that there is the earliest notification of attack. 6.34 Where possible any display of firearms should be displayed within the areas furthest from the entrances, points of access such as window skylights. Invigilation 6.35 Display cases containing firearms are to be the subject of, at the very least, frequent attention by patrolling attendants, but ideally by someone having direct line of sight. Keys 6.36 Security arrangements should include a system for ensuring the safe custody of keys, both to display cabinets and the building. As a rule only keys sufficient to enter should be taken