The girlÕs family are scared and worried about the follow-up. What can I do to help reassure them and explain what they can expect? For further information, including advice and support about how to talk to girls and parents/guardians about FGM, see the multi-agency statutory guidance on FGM. You may also wish to seek advice from your manager or designated safeguarding lead. A fact sheet for communities which explains the duty, including what happens after a case is reported to the police, is available in 11 languages. What if there is a breakdown in trust as a result of my having made a report to the police? The FGM mandatory reporting duty is a legal duty provided for in the FGM Act 2003 (as amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015). If the duty applies to you and you identify a relevant case, you are legally required to make a report to the police. There may be situations where this is difficult, but you are advised to be open and honest, in line with best practice on information sharing and safeguarding. For further information, including advice and support about how to talk to girls and parents/guardians about FGM, see the multi-agency guidance on FGM. You may also wish to seek advice from your manager or designated safeguarding lead. What if I am organising the multi-agency response, but I cannot get involvement or engagement from one of the other sectors? Your response should be in line with wider safeguarding procedures Ð for more information, please see Working Together to Safeguard Children (in England) or Working Together to Safeguard People (in Wales) as appropriate. Home Benefits Benefits and financial support if you're disabled or have a health condition Financial help if you're disabled Overview There is a wide range of disability-related financial support, including benefits, tax credits, payments, grants and concessions. Some benefits you might get are: Universal Credit Personal Independence Payment (PIP) or Disability Living Allowance (DLA) Attendance Allowance New Style Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) Depending on your circumstances, you might also be able to get: Industrial Injuries Benefit if youÕre disabled as a result of work Constant Attendance Allowance if you need daily care and attention because of a disability This guide is also available in Welsh (Cymraeg). Vehicles and transport If youÕre disabled you can apply for the following: exemption from paying vehicle tax parking benefits - Blue Badge disabled persons bus pass or Disabled Persons Railcard help to buy or lease a car from the Motability Scheme Home and housing If youÕve been assessed by your local council as needing care and support services, you can get: Direct payments - allowing you to buy in and arrange help yourself instead of getting it directly from social services Disabled Facilities Grants - which is money towards the costs of home adaptations to enable you to continue living there If youÕre on a low income You may be eligible for Universal Credit and could g et help with housing