granted by the High Court; (a) 8 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (i) the injunction was granted by the county court, or (ii) the injunction was granted by a youth court but the respondent is aged 18 or over; (c) a justice of the peace, if neither paragraph (a) nor paragraph (b) applies. (3) A judge or justice may issue a warrant under this section only if the judge or justice has reasonable grounds for believing that the respondent is in breach of a provision of the injunction. (4) A warrant issued by a judge of the High Court must require the respondent to be brought before that court. (5) A warrant issued by a judge of the county court must require the respondent to be brought before that court. (6) A warrant issued by a justice of the peace must require the respondent to be brought beforeÑ (a) the youth court that granted the injunction, if the person is aged under 18; (b) the county court, if the person is aged 18 or over. (7) A constable who arrests a person under a warrant issued under this section must inform the person who applied for the injunction. (8) If the respondent is brought before a court by virtue of a warrant under this section but the matter is not disposed of straight away, the court may remand the respondent. 11 Remands Schedule 1 (remands under sections 9 and 10) has effect. 12 Powers in respect of under-18s Schedule 2 (breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s) has effect. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 9 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Exclusion from home 13 Power to exclude person from home in cases of violence or risk of harm (1) An injunction under section 1 may have the effect of excluding the respondent from the place where he or she normally lives (Òthe premisesÓ) only ifÑ (a) the respondent is aged 18 or over, (b) the injunction is granted on the