Act 1968 (Òthe principal ActÓ) and are set out below. The definition of ÔfirearmÕ extends to certain imitation firearms (see paragraphs 2.32 to 2.36). Definition of ÔfirearmÕ and Ôlethal barrelled weaponÕ 2.3 Section 57 of the principal Act (as amended) defines a ÔfirearmÕ as (i) a lethal barrelled weapon of any description from which any shot, bullet or other missile can be discharged with kinetic energy of more than one joule at the muzzle of the weapon (ii) a prohibited weapon (iii) any relevant component part (see below and Chapter 12) of such a lethal barrelled or prohibited weapon, and (iv) any accessory to a lethal barrelled or prohibited weapon designed or adapted to diminish the noise or flash caused by firing the weapon. Definition of ÔairsoftÕ gun 2.4 An ÔairsoftÕ gun as defined in section 57A of the 1968 Act is not regarded as a firearm for the purposes of that Act. Section 57A defines an airsoft gun as a barrelled weapon of any description which is designed to discharge only a small plastic missile (whether or not it is also capable of discharging any other kind of missile) and is not capable of discharging a missile of any kind above the permitted kinetic energy thresholds at the muzzle of the weapon (see below). A Ôsmall plastic missileÕ is defined in section 57A(3) as a missile that: a) is made wholly or partly from plastics; b) is spherical, and c) does not exceed 8 millimetres in diameter. Section 57A(4) sets the maximum permitted kinetic energy levels for airsoft guns at: a) 1.3 joules if the weapon is capable of discharging two or more missiles successively without repeated pressure on the trigger, and 6 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law b) 2.5 joules in any other case. Definition of Ôrelevant component partÕ 2.5 A Ôrelevant component partÕ of a lethal barrelled or prohibited weapon is a firearm in its own right and is defined in section 57(1D) of the 1968 Act as: a) a barrel, chamber or cylinder, b) a frame, body or receiver, c) a breech block, bolt or other mechanism for containing the pressure of discharge at the rear of a chamber, but only where the item is capable of being used as a part of a lethal barrelled weapon or a prohibited weapon. Definition of Ôshot gunÕ 2.6 A Òshot gunÓ is defined in section 1(3)(a) of the 1968 Act and means a smooth-bore gun (not being an air gun) which: a) has a barrel not less than 24 inches in length and does not have any barrel with a bore exceeding 2 inches in diameter. The length of the barrel is measured from the muzzle to the point of ignition (breech face). For a muzzle-loading gun, the point of ignition may be taken as the touch-hole or nipple that is nearest to the breech; b) either has no magazine or has a non-detachable magazine incapable of holding more than two cartridges (see paragraphs 2.12 to 2.14 for