a crime scene, identify it and protect it. • Consider the forensic opportunities (including fingerprints, DNA, footprints and photography, body worn video) and if in doubt consult with a CSI. • Conduct house to house enquiries. • Ascertain the details of all witnesses. • Search the area for CCTV. • Consider area search, VIPER and street identification for the offender. • Consider if it is appropriate for an early arrest. • Take a detailed account from the victim and consider the provisions for vulnerable and intimidated witnesses. • Record detailed description of property where relevant. • Ensure that medical consent forms are signed if appropriate. • Provide victims, and any witnesses with information about Victim Support including the helpline 0808 168 9111 / 0808 281 0113 (local number) • Properly assess the incident. This includes assessing incidents to ensure that they do not form part of a Ôcourse of conductÕ as defined by the Protection from Harassment Act 1997 • 6.4 In all cases involving a crime, officers should obtain a Victim Personal Statement (VPS) on the first meeting with the victim should they wish to provide a VPS at the time. This VPS will need to be reviewed as any case progresses to ensure that it is refreshed and any longer term effects on the victim, their family or their community are captured for future court purposes. If a VPS has not been obtained then clear rationale must be documented on the MG6 or the OEL to explain why, and this will be revisited prior to any charge of a suspect. 6.5 Staff must be aware of the risks of victim and witness intimidation and assess the risk of this at their first attendance. If a risk is identified, staff will record the risk and the ways in which this risk can be removed or managed using a range of methods including: • Home and mobile alarms • Mobile 999 telephone • Home security survey / Bobby Van • Overt and covert measures • Safety plans • Measures to capture evidence of intimidation (consult with TSU or PPD where appropriate) • Targeting of suspects (Surveillance, visits, bail conditions etc) In these cases victims and witnesses must be given clear instructions and details of who to contact 24 hours, 7 days a week. Additionally these issues must be flagged up on any case papers and the issues discussed with the CPS at the earliest opportunity. The Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 introduced a number of measures to assist victims and witnesses in criminal cases by making the process less traumatic. Section 16 applies to vulnerable witnesses who are defined as those: • under the age of 18 • Any witness whose quality of evidence is likely to be diminished because they: o are suffering from a mental disorder (as defined by the Mental Health Act 1983); o have a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning; or o have a physical disability or are suffering from a physical