certificate. Such a review should be carried out expeditiously, with the certificate holder informed of the progress. Should the enquiry have the result that there is no danger to the public safety, the guns and certificates should be returned as soon as practicable. Care should be taken in the transport and storage of guns concerned. 11.19 Under section 30C(1) of the 1968 Act, a shot gun certificate may be revoked by the chief officer of police if they are satisfied that the holder cannot be permitted to possess a shot gun without danger to public safety or to the peace. A chief officer must revoke a certificate held by a person who has become prohibited under the terms of section 21 of the 1968 Act. Forces will be expected to give reasons for their decisions to revoke a shot gun certificate. The courts also have the power under section 52(1) of the 1968 Act to cancel certificates. Section 30(C)(2) of the 1968 Act provides for a right of appeal against the decision to revoke. 11.20 When the chief officer of police revokes a certificate they must send the holder a notice in writing requiring them to either: (a) surrender the certificate within 21 days of the date of the notice (or the date of the abandonment or dismissal of any appeal against revocation); or where the chief officer considers that the circumstances of the case justify it, (b) surrender the certificate and any shot guns held by virtue of the certificate forthwith (as per section 12 of the 1988 Act). 11.21 Sections 42A, 42B and 56 of the 1968 Act reflect that any notice to be given under that Act to a person may be given by Ôsigned forÕ and Ôspecial deliveryÕ postal service, or by electronic means such as email or fax. A certificate holder who fails to comply with such a notice (if received) is liable to a penalty. Personal service of the notice to revoke, whenever practicable, gives the person an opportunity to discuss the matter and might help to reduce the number of appeals to the Crown Court or, in the case of Scotland, the Sheriff Court. 11.22 When a revocation notice is served, the certificate holderÕs right of appeal against revocation is unaffected. Under section 12(1) of the 1988 Act, a chief officer may only send a notice which requires the recipient to comply with it immediately after the shot gun certificate has been revoked on the grounds specified in section 30C(1) of the 1968 Act (as amended). Revocation on these grounds does not preclude the use of option (a), and it should only be necessary to use option (b) when a delay in the certificate holder relinquishing their certificate and shot guns would pose a direct danger to themselves, public safety or to the peace. Section 12(1) should not be used where shot guns and certificates are already in police possession. 11.23 The certificate holder has a right of appeal and the police can