that the injunction can meet its aims without disproportionately infringing upon the rights of the respondent. When there are close personal or familial relationships between individuals against whom a prohibition of non-association has been ordered, there is a high likelihood of breach. In such situations, the prohibition will need to be imposed and enforced carefully and sensitively, and it may be that association may be acceptable at particular times, dates or places. • When applicants propose injunction requirements for a female respondent, they should refer to rehabilitative services which are appropriate for women and have experience in dealing with issues which affect gang-associated women, such as gang-related and sexual violence. Applicants could consider referring female respondents to support services.5 • A non-statutory definition of domestic violence has now been extended to include those aged 16-17 and covers coercive control. A new domestic abuse offence has also been introduced (to be implemented) and captures repeated or continuous coercive and controlling behaviour perpetrated by those aged over the standard age of criminal liability against partners or family members.6 Applicants could consider referring respondents to local independent domestic violence advisors.7 • The Youth Justice Board (YJB) has produced a Ôself assessment toolÕ for Youth Offending Teams working with girls who offend, this tool includes a recommendation that YOTs provide a Ôsafe spaceÕ where girls can access youth and criminal justice services without risk to their safety. Services supporting women who are subject to a gang injunction should provide a Ôfemale-onlyÕ space if possible, and may wish to consider the YJBÕs other recommendations. The self assessment tool can be viewed here: https://www.justice.gov.uk/downloads/youth- justice/YOT-healthcheck-girls.doc • Applicants should be particularly cautious about publicising the details of individual gang injunctions where women or girls may be involved or vulnerable. Section 13 of this guidance provides further advice in relation to publicising injunctions. • As with considering gang injunctions for young people under 18, applicants must liaise with support services working with the woman or girl in question (for example social workers, teachers, health visitors, youth offending team staff, voluntary sector support workers) to ensure an appropriate safety plan is developed. If the girl or woman is not known to other services, applicants should speak to their local authorityÕs gangs unit (if they have one), or child or adult safeguarding team. 5 Some areas have young peopleÕs advocates who directly support young women who have experienced or are at risk of gang-related sexual violence. 6 http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2015/9/part/5/crossheading/domestic-abuse/enacted 7 https://www.gov.uk/domestic-violence-and-abuse#domestic-violence-and-abuse-new-definition 13 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 5. The secure estate 5.1. The impact of an injunction on the secure estate Gangs and gang-related violence is an issue within the secure estate. Just as violent incidents in custody can impact on local community tensions, violence happening within the community can also have an impact inside the secure estate. The possible consequences of an injunction on individuals connected to the respondent who are in custody should be considered when making an application. This may include consideration