laid out in the PND Code of Practice: • Protecting children and vulnerable people, by being better able to understand the risk they are facing, and by more thorough vetting of people in positions of responsibility and trust. • Understanding the threat posed by terrorism and helping to reduce the risk of terrorist activity. • Disrupting and preventing major, serious and organised crime, helping to reduce the harm caused by the most dangerous offenders. This includes preventing and detecting crime. Business leads should review existing procedures to see how the PND can be used to support their requirements, having regard to national doctrine. PND users departments should set service level agreements for conducting PND searches in order to demonstrate that their use of licences meets the workload. In light of the sensitivity of the data, the complexity of analysis departments have been identified as per the following table in order to provide a consistent and efficient response to PND requests. BUSINESS RULE When you should consider a Police National Database (PND) check. Governed by priority, where and when first contact is made 1st Contact 2nd Contact Out of Hours 1 All CAIT/CSE suspects, all high risk DAIT cases , all DAIT Child Abuse MASH / SAIT Intelligence cases that are referred to MARAC, all domestic abuse cases Investigation Team Live Cell, where factors are identified to which a PND check would clearly Domestic Abuse CCC (Only aide/enhance the investigation e.g. honour based violence / enhanced vulnerability due to culture. Any other Public Protection incident where the OIC believes a PND (person, object, location, event) check would aide/enhance the investigation or safeguarding strategy. Investigation Team to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). All Safeguarding adults suspects who fulfil roles in positions of Child Abuse MASH / SAIT Intelligence trust or factors are identified which suggest a PND check would Investigation Team Live Cell, enhance the investigation. Domestic Abuse CCC (Only Investigation Team to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 2 All suspects & offenders (linked objects, locations, events) for PNC Bureau Intelligence Intelligence Serious Sexual or Serious/Serial Violent Offences & Serious Unit Live Cell, Acquisitive Crime; unless directed by supervisor. CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 3 Any incident whereby the OIC has determined that a PND check PNC Bureau PNC Bureau Intelligence would aide/enhance an investigation. This could be person, Live Cell, object, location or event. CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 4 Detainees in Custody; as directed by the Custody Sergeant for the purpose of assisting the risk assessment and duty of care. PNC Bureau Intelligence Live Cell, CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 5 Suspects, victims, witnesses, offenders, vehicles, objects, MCIT Intelligence Unit Intelligence locations, events and TIE nominals for Major Crime Live Cell, Investigations; as directed by SIO or Intelligence Manager in CCC (Only accordance with operational policy.