that are to be provided by the manager in connection with that policing. The relevant persons are— the manager of the aerodrome, the police authority for the relevant police area, and the chief officer of police for that area. 184 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes If the Secretary of State so requests, the manager of a relevant aerodrome must supply the Secretary of State with a copy of any police services agreement which is in force in relation to the aerodrome. In this section, “policing measures”, in relation to an aerodrome security plan, means the security measures specified in the plan as the measures to be taken by the chief officer of police for the relevant police area. 25C Police services agreements: duration etc. A police services agreement must specify the period for which it is to be in force. In the case of the first police services agreement for the aerodrome, the period specified must— begin on the day when the requirement in section 25B(1) first applies in relation to the aerodrome, and end on either the 31 March next following that day or on any subsequent 31 March specified in the plan. In the case of any subsequent police services agreement other than one to which subsection (5) applies, the period specified must— begin on 1 April, and end on either the 31 March next following that day or on any subsequent 31 March specified in the plan. Subsection (5) applies if— there is a period during which an aerodrome security plan in force in relation to the aerodrome contains no policing measures (and, accordingly, the requirement in section 25B(1) does not apply in relation to the aerodrome), but the plan is varied to include such measures. The first police services agreement following the variation must— begin on the day when the variation comes into effect (and, accordingly, the requirement in section 25B(1) again applies in relation to the aerodrome), and end on either the 31 March next following that day or on any subsequent 31 March specified in the plan. If there is a dispute about the policing of a relevant aerodrome which relates to a police services agreement which is not in force, the Secretary of State may direct that the agreement is to come into force at the beginning of a day other than that specified in subsection (2)(a), (3)(a) or (5)(a). 25D Review and variation of police services agreements The relevant persons— must