Use the online INTERPOL disaster victim recovery form if hard copy disaster victim recovery booklets are unavailable. Contents of a disaster victim recovery form The disaster victim recovery form contains a unique reference number and a bar code and scene notes. The booklet also contains labels with the same bar code on them to ensure continuity. Labels comprise: audit labels bag labels for deceased persons or human remains scene labels item labels for deceased person or human remains DVI teams will be trained to use forms prior to deployment. One form must be used for each deceased person or human remain. Recovery teams may also use several other templates and forms at the scene in relation to: early intervention checks VHAA continuity Termination of life and verification of death The aim of the emergency services is to save lives. The injured are put into triage categories according to various parameters, with P1 patients being the most serious. Ten-second triage (TST) is now available to all responders, not just ambulance services. One possible outcome is that the injured are put into a Ônot breathingÕ category, indicated by a silver-coloured checked band, in line with TST. TST is followed by reassessment by healthcare professionals when appropriate. Some of those with silver triage bands on may be considered amenable to resuscitation. They will be retagged as P1 and prioritised for treatment and evacuation. For others, where a full assessment shows that ongoing care will be futile, or where the resources required to allow any chance of successful resuscitation are unavailable, they will be recognised as dead at this point. There may be a lower threshold for resuscitation in children. Attempts should be made in ALL cases unless there is a condition unequivocally associated with death. But the process described below should be followed regardless of age if circumstances dictate. An appropriately completed ÔdeadÕ tag must be applied and will contain the time, date and be signed. The tag must be applied to the casualty/body. For any DVI/body recovery to be authorised, the body must have been recognised as dead. This process will usually be carried out by the ambulance service but can also be completed by a pathologist or on direction of HM coroner or procurator fiscal. Deceased patients should only be moved if they are obstructing an evacuation route for other casualties, as the location is to be treated as a crime scene. In all incidents (including major incident fatalities or mass fatality), HM coroner or procurator fiscal assume the legal care and control of the body. They maintain responsibility for authorising the following: recovery examination retention Subsequent death of injured victim If an injured victim subsequently dies of their injuries, HM coroner or procurator fiscal, in consultation with the SIO and SIM, should decide whether to transfer the body to the designated police mortuary for the incident. This allows for consistent management of the deceased and supports the process of identification and investigation. By channelling all fatalities through a single mortuary