prison or youth custody authority (a Òrelevant authorityÓ) for a local government area and a specified authority for that area may collaborate with each other to prevent and reduce serious violence in that area. (2) A relevant authority for a relevant area and a specified authority for that area may collaborate with each other to prevent and reduce serious violence in that area. (3) A relevant authority and a specified authority must collaborate with each other as mentioned in subsection (1) or (2) if either the relevant authority or the specified authority requests the other to do so. (4) A relevant authority must carry out any actions which are specified under section 8(5) or 9(5) as actions to be carried out by the authority. (5) A relevant authority for a local government areaÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 21 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) may collaborate with another relevant authority for that area to prevent and reduce serious violence in that area, and (b) must collaborate with another relevant authority for that area for those purposes if requested by that other relevant authority to do so. (6) A relevant authority (ÒRA1Ó) may collaborate with another relevant authority (ÒRA2Ó) to prevent and reduce serious violence in an area which is made up ofÑ (a) all or part of the local government area for which RA1 is a relevant authority, and (b) all or part of the local government area for which RA2 is a relevant authority. (7) A relevant authority is not subject to a duty in subsection (3), (4) or (5)(b), and a specified authority is not subject to a duty in subsection (3), if or to the extent that compliance with the dutyÑ (a) would be incompatible with any other duty of the authority imposed by an enactment (other than subsection (5)(b)), (b) would otherwise have an adverse effect on the exercise of the authorityÕs functions, (c) would be disproportionate to the need to prevent and reduce serious violence in the area to which the duty relates, or (d) would mean that the authority incurred unreasonable costs. (8) In determining whether subsection (7) applies to an authority, the cumulative effect of complying with duties under this section must be taken into account. (9) Subsection (7) or (8) does not apply in relation to the duty of a relevant authority to collaborate with a specified authority under subsection (3) to the extent that it