(a) a court, on or after the day on which Schedule 16 to the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 came into force, makes a detention and training order in respect of an offender for an offence, and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Detention and training orders: time to count as served Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 347 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the offender concerned has been remanded in custody in connection with the offence or a related offence. (1B) In this section any reference to a ÒsentenceÓ, in relation to an offender, is toÑ (a) a term of imprisonment being served by the offender as mentioned in subsection (1)(a), or (b) a detention and training order made in respect of the offender as mentioned in subsection (1A)(a).Ó (4) In subsection (2), for Òthat purposeÓ substitute Òthe purposes of subsection (1)(b) or (1A)(b)Ó. (5) For subsection (9) substituteÑ Ò(8A) Subsection (9) applies in relation to an offender who is sentenced to two or more consecutive sentences or sentences which are wholly or partly concurrent ifÑ (a) the sentences were imposed on the same occasion, or (b) where they were imposed on different occasions, the offender has not been released during the period beginning with the first and ending with the last of those occasions. (9) For the purposes of subsections (3) and (5), the sentences are to be treated as a single sentence.Ó 3 (1) Section 240A (time remanded on bail to count towards time served: terms of imprisonment and detention) is amended as follows. (2) In the heading, for Òand detentionÓ substitute Òor detention and detention and training ordersÓ. (3) After subsection (3ZA) insertÑ Ò(3ZAA) Subsection (3ZB) also applies whereÑ (a) a court, on or after the day on which Schedule 16 to the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 came into force, makes a detention and training order in respect of an offender for an offence, and (b) the court has made a declaration under section 325 of the Sentencing Code specifying a credit period in relation to the order. (3ZAB) In this section any reference to a ÒsentenceÓ, in relation to an offender, is toÑ (a) a term of imprisonment being served by the offender as mentioned in subsection (3ZA)(a), or (b) a detention and training order made in respect of the offender as mentioned in subsection (3ZAA)(a).Ó (4) In subsection (9)(b), omit the words from Òand, in paragraph (b)Ó to the end. (2) 348 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 16 Ð