of officers and staff by way of assault, harassment, fraud, extortion, or public humiliation. 5. INFORMATION SECURITY There is NO EXEMPTION under the Data Protection Act 2018/UK GDPR, Data Protection Policy or Wiltshire Police Information Security Policy in relation to assessing information to determine whether an association requires declaration. Officers and staff must never access or disclose any information that is not in the proper course of police work including if their own partners also work for Wiltshire Police. Employees who undertake checks on associates using force wide computer systems are liable to prosecution under the Data Protection Act and may face disciplinary action for gross misconduct. 6. REPORTING OBLIGATION It is the responsibility of all members of Wiltshire Police to declare notifiable associations to Wiltshire Counter-Corruption Unit (CCU) at the earliest opportunity. This applies irrespective of whether these associations have previously been declared as part of any security clearance or vetting procedures. Employees that have concerns about an association they have should always seek advice from either their line manager or CCU. 7. REPORTING PROCESS Submissions should be made electronically using the Notifiable Association Notification form which is available on the PSD Portal page or from CCU. Prior to completion, staff should, as a minimum, inform their Line Manager without delay via email that they intend to submit a Notifiable Association Notification form. In doing so, an auditable email trail is formed that allows the Line Manager to follow up with CCU to ensure the form has been submitted correctly. Table of Contents Once complete, the Notifiable Association Notification form should be sent as soon as practicable via email to the CCU@wiltshire.police.uk Where the association is believed to fall under the remit of this policy, the contact with the individual should be kept to an absolute minimum until it has been reviewed by CCU and appropriate control measures agreed. A declaration of a notifiable association will not necessarily prohibit any particular associations but will require a determination as to the threat and suitability of such an association. It must be stressed that the policy only applies to those associations that could reasonably have been known to the individual. Nothing in this policy endorses checks or enquiries to be made into the status of possible associations (including through the CCU) in order to establish if this policy applies. Under no circumstances should the individual concerned use police systems to check their associates or ask or seek to coerce their colleagues into doing so on their behalf. 8. OBLIGATION REGARDING CHANGES IN CIRCUMSTANCES Any changes to existing notifiable associations in terms of frequency, type of contact and the changes in the activities of the associate should be reviewed and reported to CCU as soon as practicable via the Notifiable Association Notification form after the individual has notified their line manager by email. Notifiable associations should be discussed with Line Managers on a routine basis as part of the PDR process and one-to-ones as part of an ÔIntegrity Health CheckÕ. 9. THIRD