use of the Taser; o AEP: drawn or discharged; o Firearms: drawn or discharged; or o Other/improvised • This includes force applied by custody staff. • Conflict Resolution In order to resolve conflict the following should be considered: • The persons behaviour and their level of resistance; • If the person is not compliant, the impact factors which apply to both parties; • The appropriate level of response in accordance with the reasonable officer response options and in conjunction with the NDM; • The persons level of resistance affects their behaviour: o Compliance: The person offers no resistance and complies with requests; o Verbal and Gestures: The person refuses verbally to comply or exhibits body language indicating non-compliance; o Passive: The person sits or stands still and will not cooperate; o Active: The person pulls away from or pushes. There is no deliberate attempt to strike or cause injury; o Aggressive: The person physically fights back; or o Serious or Aggravated: Any assault where there exists the possibility of great bodily harm or death. This includes production of a weapon by the person. • The term Ôimpact factorsÕ relates to the officers assessment of the situation, own ability to deal with the incident and the threat posed. The factors that may influence assessment include: o relative strength, skill level, exhaustion, alcohol or drugs, imminent danger, mental derangement and own perception of willingness to resist. These factors arenÕt mandatory to consider and there isnÕt an exhaustive list; o the possibility that the person is suffering (or believed to be suffering) from Acute Behaviour Disorder (ABD). Any ABD should be treated as a medical emergency and the subject be transported to hospital. o officers and staff must be mindful when considering the use of force on persons perceived to be vulnerable due to medical conditions, mental health history or age. Reasonable Officer Response Options The NDM has been adopted for the police service and is designed to assist operational officers, commanders, planners and advisors manage their response to a situation in a reasonable and proportionate way. The NDM provides a simple logical and evidence based approach to making decisions whether an incident is spontaneous or planned. The NDM should be adopted when considering the use of force. It can be adopted for situations where use of force may have been considered but not needed, allowing for a reassessment where required. Using the NDM, any of the reasonable officer responses can be considered as Ôtactical optionsÕ. • Officer Presence: Example includes method of approach, uniform or plainclothes. • Tactical Communications: Can be verbal and non-verbal, with or without batons. • Primary Control Skills: Can be use of empty hand skills, escort position, arm and wrist locks, compliance techniques, use of handcuffs or use of baton for restraint techniques. • Defensive Tactics: Blocks, strikes and takedowns. Empty hands and batons followed by control techniques. • Secondary Control Techniques: An example being PAVA spray and if and when available CED (Taser). • Deadly Force: Any