made after an officer is notified of the requirement to take a test cannot be used to frustrate the disciplinary proceedings that might result from a positive test result. Table of Contents 6. Random and routine testing 6.1 The scale of testing should be risk based. Any sample of officers selected for testing in an individual area or department within the force should be chosen on a random basis. A routine testing regime may involve selecting a higher proportion of officers for testing in an area or department where the risk is assessed as high. 6.2 The scale of testing will be determined at Force level. ÒHaving regard to perceived risk and costs. ScaleÓ encompasses size of sample and frequency of testing. If initial testing produces a nil or low number of positive results, then the scale of testing will be low. On the other hand, a higher proportion of positive results would indicate a need for larger scale future testing. ÒRiskÓ encompasses the risk inherent in the consequences of impairment of judgement or performance, and the risk of incidence of misuse. In some vulnerable posts (safety critical) the former risk will usually be high, even if the latter risk is low. 7. Vulnerable posts 7.1 Testing will be routine. If a high degree of risk is assessed, universal testing covering all officers in the vulnerable category might be appropriate. If the assessment of risk is low, then the sample of officers to be tested will be selected at random. For the avoidance of doubt, the liability to be tested applies in national agencies as well as to posts in local forces. 8. With cause; - extended sampling 8.1 An officer of at least the rank of ACC may authorise a maximum of three samples of urine or oral fluid (saliva) to be required from a police officer in their force (or on secondment to or from their force) where there is corroborative intelligence which gives reasonable cause to suspect that the officer has used controlled drugs over an extended period (i.e. on more than one occasion). 8.2 The three samples can be required over a maximum period of 90 days, with day one being the day of the first sample with the period finishing at midnight on day 90. When calculating the 90 day period, no account should be taken of any periods of sick leave. 8.3 The officer will not be given any advance notice of the requirement to provide each sample. The officer will be informed at the time of the first sample that two other samples will be required within a designated time period. The officer will be informed on all occasions the drug or drug(s) group(s) against which his or her samples will be tested. 8.4 The officer will be entitled to have a Ôpolice friend, as defined in the Police (conduct) Regulations 2020 present when the samples are being take. However, a delay in a police friend attending will not delay the testing procedure