criminal investigations are facilitated in line with the Victims Code of Practice through Horizon. • 2.11 Calls to Control Room/FDU asking for Incident/Occurrence Numbers When a member of the public calls up for basic information such as an incident or crime number; providing you are satisfied that they are the person entitled to the information (possibly by asking them to verify basic details as recorded on the incident such as their name and date of birth, or the location of incident), it is appropriate to pass the incident number or Niche Occurrence number only. 2.12 Enforced Right of Access Requests Certain employers and organisations such as recruitment agencies may attempt to exploit the subject access process by requiring individuals to use it to obtain a copy of their criminal convictions (or evidence that there is nothing held) as part of recruitment or continuing employment processes. This process, known as enforced subject access, is legislated through Part 7 section 184 of the Data Protection Act 2018. It states it is a criminal offence for a current or prospective employer or recruitment agency to require an individual to make a Right of Access Request as a condition of employment or for the provision of goods or services. They should instead be using the existing formal criminal records check arrangements operated by the Disclosure and Barring Service, Disclosure Scotland or Access Northern Ireland. Where a Right of Access Request is made and the applicant clearly states that the information is for employment purposes, the request will be rejected and the data subject will be redirected to the appropriate agency. The applicant can identify whether they have been asked to seek disclosure from an agency within Part 2a of the Right of Access Request form. Positive indication will not affect the data subjectÕs right to information under the Act and their request may continue to be processed as per the Act, however, the Information Commissioner should be notified of the request. 2.13 Right of Access Requests from Children Children are to be afforded the same rights regarding access to their information as is given to adults as long as they are competent to do so. You must bear in mind that it is the right of the child rather than of anyone else, such as a parent or guardian. So it is the child who has a right of access to the information held about them, even though in the case of young children these rights are likely to be exercised by those with parental responsibility for them. Before responding to a Right of Access Request for information held about a child, you should consider whether the child is mature enough to understand their rights. If you are confident that the child can understand their rights, then you should usually respond directly to the child. You may, however, allow the parent to exercise the childÕs rights on their behalf if the child authorises this, or if it is evident that this is in the