at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) the persons who are to be able to watch or listen to the transmission (including provision making that ability subject to conditions, or aimed at preventing persons who are not meant to watch or listen from being able to do so). (6) If images or sounds of the proceedings are transmitted electronically (whether under a direction under subsection (2) or any other power), the court may direct that a recording of the transmission is to be made, in the manner specified in the direction, for the purpose of enabling the court to keep a record of the proceedings. (7) A direction under subsection (2) or (6)Ñ (a) may relate to the whole, or to part, of the proceedings concerned, and (b) may be varied or revoked. (8) The Lord Chancellor may by regulationsÑ (a) specify proceedings (by reference to their type, the court in which they take place, or any other circumstance) in relation to which directions under subsection (2) may be made; (b) specify matters of which the court must be satisfied before deciding to make such a direction; (c) specify matters that the court must take into account when deciding whether, and on what terms, to make such a direction; (d) require directions under subsection (2) to include certain provision under subsection (5). (9) Before making regulations under subsection (8), the Lord Chancellor must determine whether the function of giving or withholding concurrence to the regulations would most appropriately be exercised byÑ (a) the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, (b) the Senior President of Tribunals, or (c) both of them. (10) Regulations under subsection (8) may be made only with the concurrence of the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales, the Senior President of Tribunals, or both of them, as determined under subsection (9). (11) Regulations under subsection (8) may make different provision for different purposes. (12) This section does not apply to proceedings in the Supreme Court. (13) This section does not apply to proceedings if provision regulating the procedure to be followed in those proceedings could be made byÑ (a) an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (b) an Act of Senedd Cymru (including one passed with the consent of a Minister of the Crown within the meaning of section 158(1) of the Government of Wales Act 2006), or (c) an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly passed without the consent of the Secretary of State.Ó (2) In section 41 of the Criminal Justice Act 1925 (prohibition of photography etc in court) Ñ Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7ZA Ð Transmission and recording of court and tribunal proceedings CHAPTER 5 Ð Football banning orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 255 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up