detection See Figure 51 Multi-storey buildings with more than one stairway Example of a multi-storey building See Figure 52 Tall building with a firefighting shaft See Figure 53 If you do not have any of the stairway configurations given, and depending on the outcome of your fire risk assessment it may be that you can achieve an equivalent level of safety by other means. The green arrows on the Figures 42Ð53 represent the travel distances given in Table 2 (page 68) which should be applied. If your building has more than ground and three upper storeys, ask advice from a competent person. 86 Single-storey buildings (or the ground floor of a larger building) Ground floor premises with a single exit (may include a mezzanine) Part of your premises may have only a single exit. The example shown in Figure 42 will be generally acceptable provided that part of the premises served only by a single exit accommodates no more than 60 people in total. If your fire risk assessment shows that people using mezzanine or cellular offices/stores would be unaware of fire elswhere in the building, it may require additional fire-protection measures, e.g. an automatic fire-detection and warning system. Note: A mezzanine covering more than half of the floor area may need to be treated as a separate floor (see two-storey building). Figure 42: Ground floor premises with a single exit (including a mezzanine) Ground floor premises with more than one exit Figure 43 shows an acceptable example of a cellular layout for a ground floor premises with more than one exit. Figure 44 shows an acceptable example of an open plan layout for a ground floor premises with more than one exit. Figure 43: Ground floor cellular layout Figure 44: Ground floor open plan layout 88 Multi-storey buildings with a single stairway Two-storey premises Figure 45 shows an acceptable layout for a two-storey premises with a single open stairway. • The upper floor should accommodate no more than 60 people. • The farthest point on each of the floors to the final exit is within the overall suggested travel distance for escape in one direction only (see Table 2, page 68). Figure 45: Two-storey premises Two-storey premises, including basement In premises with a basement and a simple layout, an open stairway is acceptable as indicated in Figure 46. • The basement can accommodate no more than 60 people. • The farthest point from any floor to the final exit is within the overall suggested travel distance (see Table 2, page 68). Figure 46: Two-storey premises, including basement 90 Three-storey premises, including basement In premises with a basement, ground and first floor, served by individual stairways the layout in Figure 47 will be generally acceptable as long as the following apply: • The basement should accommodate no more than 60 people. • The first floor should accommodate no more than 60 people. • The farthest point in the basement to the door to the stairway is within the overall suggested