and the appropriate authority in relation to any complaint shall be performed in such manner, and shall have effect subject to such exceptions, as may be provided for by regulations made by the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State shall not by regulations provide for any exceptions from the duties imposed by this section except so far as he considers it necessary to do so for the purpose of— preventing the premature or inappropriate disclosure of information that is relevant to, or may be used in, any actual or prospective criminal proceedings; preventing the disclosure of information in any circumstances in which it has been determined in accordance with the regulations that its non-disclosure— is in the interests of national security; is for the purposes of the prevention or detection of crime, or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders; is required on proportionality grounds; or is otherwise necessary in the public interest. The non-disclosure of information is required on proportionality grounds if its disclosure would cause, directly or indirectly, an adverse effect which would be disproportionate to the benefits arising from its disclosure. Regulations under this section may include provision framed by reference to the opinion of, or a determination by, the [F233Director General] or any [F241local policing body] or chief officer. [F242(8A) In any case in which there is an investigation of a complaint, the [F233Director General] or the appropriate authority may comply with [F243their] duty under subsection (1) or (2) (as the case may be) so far as relating to the findings of a report submitted [F244(or finalised)] under provision made by virtue of paragraph 20A(4)(b) of Schedule 3, or a report of the investigation submitted [F245(or completed)] under paragraph 22 of Schedule 3, by sending the complainant a copy of the report. (8B) Subsection (8A) applies notwithstanding any obligation of secrecy imposed by any rule of law or otherwise but is subject to— regulations made under subsection (5), and section 21A.] It shall be the duty of a person appointed to carry out an investigation under this Part [F246, or who is otherwise involved in the handling of a complaint under this Part,] to provide the [F233Director General] or, as the case may be, the appropriate authority with all such information as the [F233Director General] or that authority may reasonably require for the purpose of performing [F247their] duty under this section. 44 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F234 Words in s. 20(1)(b) substituted (31.1.2017 for specified purposes, 8.1.2018 in so far as not already