persons to their homes or at least with the discovery of their whereabouts18. For Fernando, that data prove what he sees everyday: that most occurrences are family conflicts leading to someone running away from home, to couples separating or to one of the persons involved in the conflict explicitly deciding to leave home. These conflicts would erroneously arrive at police units, leaving officers like himself and his colleagues to "merely fill out pieces of paper" ? not any paper, but especially unimportant documents ? and await their resolution. None- theless, for Fernando, these numbers also lead to SDP's work being "an illusion": while he and his colleagues "mere- ly fill out pieces of paper", most cases are solved and counted as such, which enables their superiors in the state hierarchy to use numbers suggesting the SDP is an efficient service for locating missing persons. What the num- bers do not show, however, is that many cases are solved because the missing person voluntarily returns home, and not as a result of successful investigations. A clear incongruence between the material elements of the VPI documents and the cases plots also accompany this "illusion" produced by quantitative data and the lack of importance attributed to the papers. This incongruence adds to the VPIs' inferiority the idea that they are ineffective documents in terms of investigations, reinforcing the "illusory" character of SDP's work. They both lead to the production of vague and imprecise records of the cases and the choice, by many police officers, to leave fields blank or to fill them out with expressions such as "ignored", "unknown", "does not know", among others. Reports of occurrences, official correspondence, and "terms of statements", among other documents included in VPIs, contain inscriptions and insignias of the Rio de Janeiro Civil Police and/or the precincts and sectors in which they are produced, as well as categories, fields for certain kinds of information and narrative conventions that are exhaustively repeated. Categories such as "author", "victim", "witness", "location of occurrence", "date and time of occurrence" and "goods involved", for example, appear in the police reports, guiding the work of every police offi- cer who fills out this documents when faced with a case ? whether or not it is a "missing persons" case. In "terms of statements", official correspondence, dispatches and subpoenas, as well as in some reports, some of these cate- gories must be filled out, juxtaposed with fields where information about the "victim", such as "name", "parents' name", "occupation", "race" and "age", must be registered. If these categories appear repeatedly and even redun- dantly in the documents, at the same time there is no space for photos of those involved to be attached, nor for physical descriptions beyond the "race" attributed to them. The inescapable presence of these categories and fields in the documents, as well as the lack of space for photos and physical descriptions of those involved, are material elements of VPIs that are incompatible with "missing per- sons" plots. "Missing persons" plots