information order. The other orders are treated as orders of the court against the named person and therefore attract contempt proceedings if they are not complied with. 40. What in law amounts to a reasonable excuse will depend on the facts of each particular case and will be a matter for decision by a court. But the fact that a person has already been questioned in connection with the same or a connected investigation, that the question relates to activities outside the jurisdiction or that a truthful answer to a question would tend to incriminate the interviewee or some other person is unlikely, in itself, to amount to a reasonable excuse. 41. Section 449A enables members of staff of the relevant Director to be identified by means of a pseudonym when authorised to carry out functions under POCA. An application may be made or an order or warrant may be served using a pseudonym. A certificate signed by the relevant Director is sufficient to identify a person as a member of staff of that Director and the member of staff may not be asked any question for the purposes of any proceedings or application under POCA which is likely to reveal his or her true identity. Section 449A does not extend to persons providing services under arrangements made by the relevant Director, or to persons exercising functions as a result of being specified in an order made by the Secretary of State. 42. No document may be removed or accessed and no information sought which is subject to legal professional privilege (with the one limited exception in respect of a disclosure order). A respondent has the right to withhold material and information sought which is subject to legal professional privilege. The definition of legal privilege evolves through case law, and legal advice should be sought where required on the scope of legal privilege. The current case law broadly defines two categories of legal privilege. The first is legal advice privilege which attaches to communications passing between lawyer and client created for the purpose of giving and receiving legal advice. The second is litigation privilege which attaches to communications and documents which come into existence for the sole or dominant purpose of either giving or obtaining legal advice with regard to contemplated litigation or collecting evidence for use in litigation. However, such communications made in the furtherance of a criminal purpose are not privileged. 1. 43. Where legal professional privilege is asserted in respect of material or items, the appropriate officer may consider whether it is appropriate to use the Òseize and siftÓ powers under Part 2 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001, or refer the matter to independent counsel, if present with the agreement of the occupier. 44. None of the powers of investigation permit access to excluded material. Excluded material has the same definition as in section 11 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) or in relation to Northern Ireland, article 13 of the