risk of sexual harm order made on the hearing of the application to which the interim order relates or, if no such order is made, the interim order. (7) In subsection (6) Òrisk of sexual harm orderÓ and Òinterim risk of sexual harm orderÓ include orders under sections 2 and 5 (respectively) of the Protection of Children and Prevention of Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2005. Sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders: guidance 122(J1) The Secretary of State must issue guidance to chief officers of police and to the Director General of the National Crime Agency in relation to the exercise by them of their powers with regard to sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders. (2) The Secretary of State may, from time to time, revise the guidance issued under subsection (1). (3) The Secretary of State must arrange for any guidance issued or revised under this section to be published in such manner as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. Sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders: supplementary 122K(1) Rules of courtÑ Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 205 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) may provide for a youth court to give permission for an application under section 122A against a person aged 18 or over to be made to the youth court ifÑ (i) an application to the youth court has been made, or is to be made, under that section against a person aged under 18, and (ii) the youth court thinks that it would be in the interests of justice for the applications to be heard together; (b) may, in relation to a person attaining the age of 18 after proceedings against that person by virtue of section 122A, 122D or 122E have begunÑ (i) prescribe circumstances in which the proceedings may or must remain in the youth court; (ii) make provision for the transfer of the proceedings from the youth court to a magistrates' court that is not a youth court (including provision applying section 122E with modifications). (2) A person's age is treated for the purposes of sections 122A to 122J and this section as being that which it appears to the court to be after considering any available evidence.Ó Risk of sexual harm orders 5 (1) Sections 123 to 129 (risk of sexual harm orders) are repealed. (2) This paragraph extends only to England and Wales. Application etc of orders 6 After section 136 there is insertedÑ