9. Personal devices and/or accounts shall not be used to handle MOD information, this includes forwarding work email containing MOD information to personal email accounts. 10. Discussing MOD Information. MOD Information classified at OFFICIAL and/or OFFICIAL with need-to-know restrictions (for example OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE) may be discussed in the UK using the PSTN, mobile phones and VOIP (for example Skype). 11. When discussing MOD Information classified at OFFICIAL and/or OFFICIAL with need-to-know restrictions, the following criteria shall be met: 1. a. Conversations are only held with key parties, for which a direct/indirect contractual relationship exists (covered by an associated SAL or equivalent) and the recipient(s): i. hold(s) a sufficient level of clearance for the information being discussed; ii. has (have) a confirmed need-to-know requirement for the information being discussed. iii. are informed of any additional procedural measures, for the safeguarding of the information, the recipient is informed at the beginning of the conversation. b. Conversations conducted using VOIP are performed using an application approved by the company. c. Conversations: i. are not conducted in a public location or in a location where it could be overheard; ii. are conducted using headphones, where necessary to enforce any need- to-know requirements; iii. are not conducted in the vicinity of smart home speakers or devices (for example, Amazon Echo, Google Home and Smart TVs). Where this is unavoidable, ensure the devices are disconnected or switched off prior to all conversations. d. Where there are multiple participants in a Ôvirtual meetingÕ, it is the meeting organiserÕs responsibility to confirm only authorised individuals are present on the call. 12. Securing MOD Information. All MOD information shall be handled in accordance with the SAL (or equivalent document), this includes: a. adhering to any handling instructions or need-to-know restrictions; b. minimising the amount of hardcopy produced, with the presumption of material being read on screen preferentially; c. protecting of all MOD information in accordance with company policy, and in particular avoiding placing un-shredded material in household waste. a. 13. To ensure the protection of MOD information whilst travelling: a. company device encryption must be enabled, for example: by powering off/shutting down the device; b. any secure token associated with the company device must be carried separately, for example: not in the same bag/case as the device; c. devices (e.g. laptops) should be carried in line with company policy; d. all hardcopy OFFICIAL information assets should be placed in a single covered opaque envelope (with no GSC marking) or folder and placed within a bag/case; e. all MOD information assets classified as OFFICIAL with need-to-know restrictions (for example: OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE), should not, for any period of time, be: i. opened/accessed/viewed in a public area; ii. left unattended for any period of time, for example: hotel, restaurant, taxi, public service vehicle, railway carriage; and/or iii. left in an unattended motor vehicle. 14. To ensure the protection of MOD information whilst remote working: a. Care must be taken to not draw attention to the fact that MOD information is being worked on; b.