by a strong consumer regulator for tenants 34 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Regulation has supported the expansion of housing associations since the 1970s, ensuring that they are financially robust. It has been key to the success story of housing associations becoming the main deliverers of new social homes, with the sector currently able to access £100 billion in private finance to support new affordable homes16. But it is clear that, unlike the successful economic regulation regime, the current regime of consumer regulation is not strong enough to ensure that social landlords (both local authorities and private registered providers) deliver to the expectations set out in our new Charter. This chapter sets out how we will establish a new consumer regulation function, within the Regulator of Social Housing, that is proactive and holds all landlords to account for the services they deliver. Alongside this, we will maintain the current robust approach to economic regulation that is so important to maintaining a strong and sustainable sector. We have already: • Created a new standalone regulator, separate from the Homes and Communities Agency (now Homes England), with its own Board and Chief Executive. Through this White Paper and working with the Regulator of Social Housing (Òthe regulatorÓ), we will introduce a proactive, proportionate, outcome-focused and risk-based approach to consumer regulation. We will: • Transform the Regulator of Social Housing so it proactively monitors and drives landlordsÕ compliance with its consumer standards. • Remove the Ôserious detriment testÕ and introduce routine inspections for the largest landlords (with over 1,000 homes) every four years. • Change the Regulator of Social HousingÕs objectives to explicitly cover safety and transparency, and work with it to review its consumer standards to ensure they are up to date and deliver its revised objectives. • Give the Regulator of Social Housing the power to publish a Code of Practice on the consumer standards to be clearer on what landlords are required to deliver. • Strengthen the Regulator of Social HousingÕs enforcement powers to tackle failing landlords and to respond to new challenges facing the sector, by removing the cap on the level of fines it can issue, introducing Performance Improvement Plans for landlords failing to comply, reducing the notice period for surveys on the condition of properties, and introducing a new power to arrange emergency repairs if needed where a survey uncovers evidence of systemic landlord failures. • Make it explicit that provisions in contracts between local authorities and Arms Length Management Organisations or Tenant Management Organisations would be deemed void if they hindered the Regulator of Social Housing in its exercise of its powers. • Review the statutory Right to Manage guidance. • Set out an expectation for all landlords to self-refer breaches with the regulatory standards. • Strengthen the Regulator of Social HousingÕs powers to provide robust economic regulation of private registered providers. • Require the Regulator of Social Housing to set up an Advisory Committee to provide independent and unbiased