• Make landlords more accountable for their actions by publicising the details of cases determined and published by the Housing Ombudsman. To be treated fairly and with respect, backed by a strong consumer regulator for tenants Transformation of consumer regulation is needed to further drive the right behaviours and hold landlords to account when they fail. This will complement the robust economic regulation already in place, which will be maintained. Chapter 4 sets out our commitment to: • Transform the consumer regulation role of the Regulator of Social Housing (Òthe regulatorÓ) so it proactively monitors and drives landlordsÕ compliance with improved consumer standards. • Remove the Ôserious detriment testÕ and introduce routine inspections for the largest landlords (those with over 1,000 homes) every four years. • Change the regulatorÕs objectives to explicitly cover safety and transparency, and work with it to review its consumer standards to ensure they are up to date and deliver its revised objectives. • Give the regulator the power to publish a Code of Practice on the consumer standards to be clear what landlords are required to deliver. • Strengthen the regulatorÕs enforcement powers to tackle failing landlords and to respond to new challenges facing the sector. • Hold local authorities to account as landlords, including how they manage Arms Length Management Organisations and Tenant Management Organisations, to make sure they deliver a good service to tenants. • Require the regulator to set up an Advisory Committee to provide independent and unbiased advice on discharging its functions. To have your voice heard by your landlord Stronger resident engagement by landlords will give residents a clearer voice so that they can hold landlords to account. In Chapter 5 we set out how we will: • Expect the regulator to require landlords to seek out best practice and consider how they can continually improve the way they engage with social housing tenants. • Deliver a new opportunities and empowerment programme for social housing residents, to support more effective engagement between landlords and residents, and to give residents tools to influence their landlords and hold them to account. • Review professional training and development to ensure residents receive a high standard of customer service. To have a good quality home and neighbourhood to live in We heard that tenants are proud of their communities and want greater investment in them. We want to ensure social tenants have good quality, decent homes and neighbourhoods, including access to green space and support for wellbeing. Chapter 6 sets out that we will: • Review the Decent Homes Standard, including access to and the quality of green spaces. • 12 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper • Tackle anti-social behaviour by enabling tenants to know who is responsible for action and who can support and assist them if they are faced with anti- social behaviour. • Consider the results of the allocations evidence collection exercise findings to ensure that housing is allocated in the fairest way possible and