. . . . . . . . . (6) In consequence of the amendments made by sub-paragraphs (2) to (5)Ñ (a) in section 12(2) (complaints, matters and persons to which Part 2 applies), omit Ò, paragraph 2(4) of Schedule 3Ó; (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Police: complaints Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 229 (b) in section 29(1) (interpretation of Part 2), omit paragraph (b) of the definition of Òrecordable conduct matterÓ. Handling of complaints by the appropriate authority 9 (1) In Schedule 3 (handling of complaints and conduct matters), for paragraph 6 (handling of complaints by the appropriate authority) substituteÑ Ò6 (1) This paragraph applies where a complaint has been recorded by the appropriate authority. (2) But this paragraph does not apply to a complaint if it is one that has been, or must be, referred to the Commission under paragraph 4, unless the complaint is for the time beingÑ (a) referred back to the authority under paragraph 5, or (b) the subject of a determination under paragraph 15. (3) Subject to paragraph 7, the appropriate authority shall determine whether or not the complaint is suitable for being subjected to local resolution. (4) If the appropriate authority determines that the complaint is suitable for being subjected to local resolution, it shall make arrangements for it to be so subjected. (5) If the appropriate authority determines that the complaint is not so suitable, it shall make arrangements for the complaint to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf. (6) A determination that a complaint is suitable for being subjected to local resolution may not be made unless the following conditions are both met. (7) The first condition is that the appropriate authority is satisfied that the conduct complained of (even if it were proved) would not justify the bringing of any criminal or disciplinary proceedings against the person whose conduct is complained of. (8) The second condition is that the appropriate authority is satisfied that the conduct complained of (even if it were proved) would not involve the infringement of a person's rights under Article 2 or 3 of the Convention (within the meaning of the Human Rights Act 1998). (9) In a case where this paragraph applies to a complaint by virtue of sub- paragraph (2)(b), a determination that the complaint is suitable for being (2) 230 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Police: complaints Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) subjected to local resolution may not be made unless the Commission approves the determination. (10)