a highway without consideringÑ (a) the likely effect of making the order on the occupiers of premises adjoining or adjacent to the highway; (b) the likely effect of making the order on other persons in the locality; (c) in a case where the highway constitutes a through route, the availability of a reasonably convenient alternative route. [F23(1A) Before making a public spaces protection order that restricts the public right of way over a highway, a local authority must take the prior consultation steps (see subsection (2)). (1B) A local authority may not make an expedited order that restricts the public right of way over a highway unless itÑ (a) takes the prior consultation steps before making the order, or (b) takes the subsequent consultation steps (see subsection (2A)) as soon as reasonably practicable after making the order.] (2) [F24To take the Òprior consultation stepsÓ in relation to an order means to]Ñ (a) notify potentially affected persons of the proposed order, (b) inform those persons how they can see a copy of the proposed order, (c) notify those persons of the period within which they may make representations about the proposed order, and (d) consider any representations made. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 41 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In this subsection Òpotentially affected personsÓ means occupiers of premises adjacent to or adjoining the highway, and any other persons in the locality who are likely to be affected by the proposed order. [F25(2A) To take the Òsubsequent consultation stepsÓ in relation to an expedited order means toÑ (a) notify potentially affected persons of the order, (b) invite those persons to make representations within a specified period about the terms and effects of the order, (c) inform those persons how they can see a copy of the order, and (d) consider any representations made. The definition of Òpotentially affected personsÓ in subsection (2) applies to this subsection as if the reference there to Òthe proposed orderÓ were to Òthe orderÓ.] (3) Before a local authority makes a public spaces protection order restricting the public right of way over a highway that is also within the area of another local authority, it must consult that other authority if it thinks it appropriate to do so. [F26(3B) Where a local authority proposes to make an expedited order restricting the public right of way over a highway that is also within the area of another local authority it must, if it thinks