emergency evacuation of disabled persons may include: • stairways; • evacuation lifts; • firefighting lifts; • horizontal evacuation; • refuges; and • ramps. Use of these facilities will need to be linked to effective management arrangements as part of your emergency plan. The plan should not rely on fire and rescue service involvement for it to be effective. Further guidance on escape routes is given in Part 2, Section 4. Checklist • Is your building constructed, particularly in the case of multi-storey buildings, so that, if there is a fire, heat and smoke will not spread uncontrolled through the building to the extent that that people are unable to use the escape routes? • Are any holes or gaps in walls, ceilings and floors properly sealed, e.g. where services such as ventilation ducts and electrical cables pass through them? • Can all the occupants escape to a place of total safety in a reasonable time? • Are the existing escape routes adequate for the numbers and type of people that may need to use them, e.g. staff, members of the public, young children, and disabled people? • Are the exits in the right place and do the escape routes lead as directly as possible to a place of total safety? • If there is a fire, could all available exits be affected or will at least one route from any part of the premises remain available? • Are the escape routes and final exits kept clear at all times? • Do the doors on escape routes open in the direction of escape? • Can all final exit doors be opened easily and immediately if there is an emergency? • Will everybody be able to safely use the escape routes from your premises? • Are the people who work in the building aware of the importance of maintaining the safety of the escape routes, e.g. by ensuring that fire doors are not wedged open and that combustible materials are not stored within escape routes? • Are there any particular or unusual issues to consider? 3.4.4 Emergency escape lighting People in your premises must be able to find their way to a place of total safety if there is a fire by using escape routes that have enough lighting. Where any escape routes are internal and without windows, or your premises are used during periods of darkness, including early darkness on winter days, then some form of backup to the normal escape route lighting (emergency escape lighting) is likely to be required. In small premises, where the escape routes are simple and straightforward, borrowed lighting, e.g. from street lamps where they illuminate escape routes, may be acceptable. Where borrowed lighting is not available, suitably placed torches may be acceptable for use by trained staff. In larger, more complex premises it is likely that a more comprehensive system of electrical automatic emergency escape lighting will be needed to illuminate all the escape routes. 26 Where people have difficulty seeing conventional signs, a Ôway-guidanceÕ