e.g. elderly customers or parents with children; • other persons in the immediate vicinity of the premises; and • people with language difficulties. In evaluating the risk to people with disabilities you may need to discuss their individual needs with them. In larger buildings used extensively by the public you may need to seek professional advice. Further guidance on people with special needs is given in Part 2, Section 1. * Visit the Disability Rights Commission website on www.drc-gb.org for more information. 14 The management of the premises and the way people use it will have an effect on your evaluation of risk. Management may be your responsibility alone or there may be others, such as the building owners or managing agents, who also have responsibilities. In multi-occupied buildings all those with some control must co-operate and you need to consider the risk generated by others in the building. 3.1 Evaluate the risk of a fire occuring The chances of a fire starting will be low if your premises has few ignition sources and combustible materials are kept away from them. In general, fires start in one of three ways: • accidentally, such as when smoking materials are not properly extinguished or when lighting displays are knocked over; • by act or omission, such as when electrical office equipment is not properly maintained, or when waste packaging is allowed to accumulate near to a heat source; and • deliberately, such as an arson attack involving setting fire to external rubbish bins placed too close to the building. Look critically at your premises and try to identify any accidents waiting to happen and any acts or omissions which might allow a fire to start. You should also look for any situation that may present an opportunity for an arsonist Further guidance in Part 2, Section 1 on evaluating the risk of a fire starting. 3.2 Evaluate the risk to people In Step 2 you identified the people likely to be at risk should a fire start anywhere in the premises and earlier in Step 3 you identified the chances of a fire occurring. It is unlikely that you will have concluded that there is no chance of a fire starting anywhere in your premises so you now need to evaluate the actual risk to those people should a fire start and spread from the various locations that you have identified. While determining the possible incidents, you should also consider the likelihood of any particular incident; but be aware that some very unlikely incidents can put many people at risk. To evaluate the risk to people in your premises, you will need to understand the way fire can spread. Fire is spread by three methods: • convection; • conduction; and • radiation. • Convection Fire spread by convection is the most dangerous and causes the largest number of injuries and deaths. When fires start in enclosed spaces such as buildings, the smoke rising from the fire gets trapped by the ceiling and