an implementation report under section 41K(2)(b). (2) The Commissioner must, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving the response or report, publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (2) 24 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (3) But the CommissionerÑ (a) must withhold from publication any information in the response or report which would identify an individual (other than the chief constable), (b) may withhold the whole or part of the response or report from publication if the Commissioner considers that it is in the public interest to do so. (4) If the initial response is not given to the Commissioner by the end of the period mentioned in section 41K(6)(a), the Commissioner must publish notice of that fact.Ó. (3) In section 33A (general functions of the Commissioner), after paragraph (e) (inserted by section 17(3)), insert Òand (f) to carry out reviews and make recommendations in accordance with sections 41I and 41J.Ó. (4) In section 40A (arrangements for handling relevant complaints), subsection (2) is repealed. (5) In section 43 (reports to the Scottish Ministers), subsections (4) and (6)(b) are repealed. (6) In section 46A (protection from actions for defamation), in subsection (1)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a)Ñ (i) in sub-paragraph (i), after Ò33AÓ insert Òor a review under section 41I(1)Ó, (ii) in sub-paragraph (iv), after ÒsectionÓ insert Ò41J(2)(a) orÓ, (b) after paragraph (b) (and before the word ÒandÓ immediately following that paragraph) insertÑ Ò(ba) any statement made to the Commissioner or any of the CommissionerÕs staff in relation to a review carried out under section 41I(1) or in a document prepared under section 41K(2) has absolute privilege;Ó. 19 Provision of information to the Commissioner In section 44 of the 2006 Act (provision of information to the Commissioner), after subsection (5), insertÑ Ò(6) The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make provision authorising or requiring the Authority or the chief constable to provide information and documents to the Commissioner in accordance with subsection (1) or (2) by giving the Commissioner, in such circumstances and in accordance with such requirements as may be set out in the regulations, access to an electronic storage system on which they are stored.Ó. Governance of the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner 20 Advisory board to the Commissioner After section 46A of the 2006 Act, insertÑ Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 25 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. ÒAdvisory board 46B Advisory board (1) The Commissioner must establish and maintain an advisory board (Òthe BoardÓ). (2) The purpose of the Board is to advise the Commissioner about matters relating to the governance and administration of