on the previous evening) does not equate with the criminal offence of using drugs. Managerial action needs to reflect this. As with drugs, self-declaration of an alcohol-related problem is a matter that should be managed through the Occupational Health Unit, rather than being regarded as a purely disciplinary/ misconduct matter. Officers and staff subject of random drug testing are subject to a breath test using breath testing equipment capable of taking measurements at the 13 micrograms percentage level. Any officer or staff will be considered unfit for work if they have 13mg or more of alcohol in their breath (or equivalent in urine and blood). Positive results for with cause testing and random testing may lead to criminal action or formal disciplinary proceedings. 9.5 Psychoactive Substances (Legal Highs) The availability and use of new psychoactive substances (legal highs) has increased and is a developing drug market. Despite the claims of manufacturers and vendors, the contents of such products are difficult to establish and may contain Cannaboids and other controlled substances. The purchase and use of such substances is not considered appropriate for police officers and members of police staff serving with Wiltshire Police. This does not include legal products sold at reputable outlets such as Health Food Stores on the High Street. Any concerns regarding the inappropriate use of such a substance by a colleague should be reported to the CCU via the Anonymous Email facility on SharePoint. Support for users of such substances can if necessary be provided by Occupational Health. 9.6 Anabolic Steroids Anabolic steroids are misused by athletes and body builders to increase muscle bulk. As well as their anabolic (muscle building) action, they also have androgenic (masculinising) actions. There are no real acute symptoms or signs of taking anabolic steroids, but over a period of time they cause: • Much more rapid weight (muscle) gain than usual • Increased greasiness of skin and hair • Increased spots or ÔacneÕ • An increase in aggressive behaviour Whilst it is not illegal to possess steroids, there is a culture within some gymnasiums whereby there is suspected to be steroid abuse. Where employees attend such venues there is a wider issue of vulnerability to Wiltshire Police employees being accessible to members of OCGÕs, there is a risk to those members of staff of exploitation which could result in infiltration. Testing for the presence of steroids is highly complex in that there are many steroids available however one test will identify all compounds. In order to conduct a test for steroids, the substance sought needs to be known to inform the laboratory testing. As with the self-declaration of the abuse of other substances, members of staff will be supported via OHU. Table of Contents 10. Monitoring and Review The policy has built in procedures for the monitoring of individuals in any testing. The Head of Professional Standards is responsible for monitoring the implementation and impact of this policy. The policy contains details of how this will be recorded. Data is