and that the assumptions they make about other Category 1 respondersÕ response arrangements are accurate. The Regulations impose a duty on all Category 1 and 2 responders to co-operate and share information on request pursuant to local authoritiesÕ duties under section 4 of the Act.19 8.51. This co-operation may take place bilaterally, as required, or via a subgroup of the LRF. Other Category 1 RespondersÕ work with commercial organisations 19 regulations 41(2) and 45 to 53 PAGE 19 Crime Their work is co-ordinated by the National Counter Terrorism and Security Office (NACTSO), which published the Expecting the Unexpected document (https://vsat.nactso.gov.uk/SiteCollection Documents/OurServices/expecting-the-unexpected.pdf) in conjunction with London First and the Business Continuity Institute. CTSAs can be contacted via local police headquarters. o Advice on emergency response procedures: Police services seek to raise awareness among local businesses about emergency response procedures (e.g. evacuation procedures, cordoning in the event of an incident). Project ARGUS (http://www.nactso. gov.uk/OurServices/Argus.aspx) is a NACTSO initiative, which takes businesses through a simulated terrorist attack and identifies prevention, handling and recovery measures. Project Griffin (http://www.projectgriffin.org.uk/) was developed by the City of London Police as a joint venture between the City and Metropolitan police forces. Its remit was to advise large public and private sector organisations on security, counter-terrorism and crime prevention issues. It is increasingly being adopted by other police forces. Fire Authorities Since 1947, fire authorities have been under a duty to provide, on request, information about fire prevention and mitigation. The Fire and Rescue Service Act 2004 conferred a new duty on fire authorities to make provision for actively promoting fire safety within their area. This involves the provision of advice and assistance to local businesses. They work with occupiers/owners in the business community to offer advice over a broad range of topics - proactively and on request. This work will be undertaken in different ways according to the priorities in the area. In Hereford and Worcester, specialist Fire Safety Inspecting Officers receive technical training so that they can offer advice and assistance to commercial organisations on issues such as: o arson reduction; o business continuity; and o community fire safety. Fire-fighters reinforce this proactive approach to fire prevention by taking forward aspects of this approach in their day-to-day work. They may work closely with other enforcement agencies and bodies providing business continuity advice to explore opportunities for partnership working. Maritime and Coastguard Agency The Maritime and Coastguard Agency is committed to preventing loss of life, continuously improving maritime safety, and protecting the marine environment. Various aspects of this work involve BCM promotion. In addition to enforcing contingency planning requirements, the Agency undertakes a range of educational initiatives with the shipping, fishing, and offshore oil and gas industries, as well as with those who visit the sea or coast for leisure. Further information can be found at: http:// www.dft.gov.uk/mca/. 8.52. Local authorities must observe the limits on sharing sensitive information set out in the Regulations when taking forward their programme of advice and assistance. Local authorities may have access