intended to enhance their appearance. This will normally involve substantial enhancement or decoration and at least a fair standard of craftsmanship. An elegant but essentially functional design such as the Colt .45 ÒSingle Action ArmyÓ would not generally fall within this heading unless it has had factory or after sales work undertaken to it in order to differentiate it, such as engraving or ornamental grips. 9.27 It is not practicable within this exemption to judge the aesthetic standards or tastes of different generations and cultures. A Victorian pistol with elaborate decoration might fall within this category even if it might not conform to contemporary preferences. Note should also be taken of the case of Kendrick v Chief Constable of West Midlands Constabulary (2000) in which a modern presentation gun was held not to be of Òaesthetic qualityÓ. 72 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 9.28 While opinions are subjective, the police must ensure that a firearm in this category meets objective criteria. This might include evidence that the financial value of the firearm has been significantly raised through its artistic quality, for example from an insurance or other independent valuation. Technical interest 9.29 While most firearms will be of some technical interest, it may be taken that the intent of section 7(3) of the 1997 Act is to preserve firearms of especial, rather than common, technical interest. This category might include guns with design features which were distinctive and not widely copied in other guns. For example, the 1893 Borchardt self-loading pistol. It may be expected that most firearms of technical interest would also be of some rarity. 9.30 Examples might include guns with unusual mechanisms, such as the Webley Fosbery Selfcocking revolver, the Dardick .38 model 1500 with its triangular rounds or the mechanical repeaters and Lancaster multi-barrelled pistols of the Victorian era. Technical adaptations might include, for example, the Spanish JoLoAr cavalry pistol designed for operation with one hand, or the Finnish Lahti 9mm with its powerful mechanism designed to overcome the effects of Arctic cold. Particular rarity 9.31 Section 7(3) of the 1997 Act provides that the firearm must be of particular rarity, rather than merely uncommon. The status of the gun will depend on a number of factors, including any distinctive markings, place of manufacture or service history. Patent and experimental models which were never manufactured in commercial or military quantities would be considered rare, such as the Gabbett Fairfax Mars self- loading pistol or the Mannlicher 7.6mm M1894 self-loading pistol. The condition of the gun and the retention of original accessories would not normally make it rare in itself, but would be a factor to consider in judging the overall status of the gun. If the firearm is from a particular or specific personal commission from a manufacturer this should be considered when judging rarity. Many firearms have increased in rarity since the introduction of the 1997 Act and this should be borne in mind when making decisions relating to rarity. 9.32 Collections of historic firearms