Offence Review with the victim or their families following conviction of the offender. If this occurs you have the Right to be contacted by your Victim Liaison Officer, to be asked whether you would like to meet with a senior manager from the provider of probation services to talk about the findings of the Serious Further Offence Review, and if you would like a copy of the report. 51 An offence listed in Annex C to Probation Instruction 15/2014 ÔNotification and review procedures for serious further offencesÕ (as amended from time to time). These are currently all serious violent or sexual offences which attract a maximum of 14 years imprisonment or an indeterminate sentence. 1 Right 12: To make a complaint about your Rights not being met 12.1 If you believe that you have not received any of your Rights under this Code, you can make a complaint. In the first instance, and if you feel comfortable doing so, you should discuss your complaint with the person you have been dealing with at the relevant service provider. 12.2 If you remain unhappy, or if you do not feel comfortable discussing the complaint with the person you have been dealing with, you can make a complaint through the service providerÕs internal complaintsÕ procedure.52 They will provide you with information about their complaints procedure and respond within the timescales set out in this procedure. 12.3 If you send your complaint to the wrong service provider or it needs to be dealt with by more than one service provider, they will let you know. 12.4 If you are still not satisfied after you have finished the service providerÕs complaints procedure, or they are taking too long to get back to you, you can ask your Member of Parliament to refer your complaint to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman. The Ombudsman will consider any complaints referred to them and, where appropriate, undertake an independent investigation. 12.5 Further information about making a complaint to the Ombudsman can be found on their website at: www.ombudsman.org.uk or by calling their Customer Helpline on: 0345 015 4033.53 52 Service providers must have a clearly identified complaints process through which victims can make a complaint if their Rights under this Code have not been met. 53 Monday Ð Thursday, 8.30am - 5.00pm, and Friday, 8.30am Ð 12:00pm. 1 CCS 1120529734 978-1-5286-2253-0 ? Download webpage as a PDF ? Share How to recognise and respond to risks when working with vulnerable people First published 18 November 2021 ? VULNERABILITY-RELATED RISKS 2 mins read These guidelines focus on supporting officers and staff to: recognise individuals at risk of harm better understand the vulnerabilities of all those they encounter, rather than thinking about risk in relation to individual forms of harm, such as child abuse or domestic violence in isolation interact with vulnerable people in a way that maximises opportunities for disclosure The guidelines consist of: one strategic-level guideline for chief o?cers three practical guidelines for police responders Vulnerability-related risks guidelines