of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Closure of premises: offences 136G(1) A person who remains on or enters premises in contravention of a closure notice commits an offence. A person who remains on or enters premises in contravention of a closure order commits an offence. A person does not commit an offence under subsection (1) or (2) if the person has a reasonable excuse for remaining on or entering the premises. A person who obstructs a constable or an authorised person acting under section 136C(3) or (4) or 136F(2) or (4) commits an offence. A person guilty of an offence under this section is liable on summary conviction— to imprisonment for a period not exceeding 51 weeks, or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale, or to both. In relation to an offence committed before the commencement of section 281(5) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003, the reference in subsection In the application of this section to Northern Ireland— the reference in subsection (5)(a) to 51 weeks is to be read as a reference to 6 months, and subsection (6) is omitted. In this section “authorised person” has the same meaning as in section 136F. Extension and discharge of closure orders Applications for extension of closure order 136H(1) At any time before the end of the period for which a closure order is made or extended a constable may make a complaint to the appropriate judicial officer for an extension or further extension of the period for which it has effect. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 155 A complaint may not be made under subsection (1) unless it is authorised by a member of a police force not below the rank of superintendent. Authorisation may be given under subsection (2) if two conditions are met. The first condition is that the officer has reasonable grounds for believing that it is necessary to extend the period for which the order has effect to prevent the premises being used for activities related to any of the specified prostitution or pornography offences in respect of which section 136D(9) applied. The second condition is that the officer is satisfied that the local authority has been consulted about the intention to make a complaint. If a complaint is made under subsection (1) the appropriate judicial officer may issue a summons directed to— any person on whom the closure notice relating to the closed premises was served under section 136C(3)(d) or (4), or any other person who appears