been established, to shoot smaller quarry (see paragraph 97 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 12.9). In some cases an applicant will want to possess two similar firearms for the same category of use, for example, where an employer requires the applicant to use a firearm for official purposes but the applicant also wants to hold one for personal use (for example, deerstalking). Chief officers should also note that many animals (including all birds) are protected by law (see Chapter 13). Licensing officers will also wish to have regard to other paragraphs in this chapter which offer more detailed guidance in relation to specific quarry. Shooting Small Quarry Species, including Game and Pest Species (Vermin) 12.18 The term ÒgameÓ covers certain birds and animals that may be shot for food and sport. These include pheasant, partridge, grouse, ptarmigan and ground game (rabbits and hares; in Scotland mountain hare can only be shot under licence for specific purposes granted by NatureScot: Hares and licensing | NatureScot). The term ÒverminÓ is not defined in law, but it may include species that cause damage to crops, game, livestock or property such as fox, rabbit, mink, stoat, weasel, brown rat, and grey squirrel; as well as some birds, such as wood pigeon or carrion crow. All wild birds are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and the Game Act 1831, and can only be shot under licence unless during an open season prescribed by the Acts. Certain species of wild bird, such as wood pigeon or carrion crow, can only be shot under a relevant General Licence for the purposes of conservation, preventing serious damage or preserving public health and public safety. Authorised users or landowners can also apply for an individual licence to control certain species of wild birds where their circumstances are not covered by the general licences. It is important to note that animals such as badgers, deer and wild boar are not viewed as vermin. Guidance on foxes can be found in paragraphs 12.25 and 12.26. 12.19 Although not set out in legislation, the rifle cartridges most commonly used to shoot ground game and vermin are .17 rim-fire (HMR & Mach 2) and .22 rim-fire. More powerful centrefire cartridges, such as .17 Remington and .22 Hornet are also suitable for ground game and vermin, and may be considered if the applicant also intends to shoot fox to avoid possession of a further gun. Expanding ammunition may be granted for shooting vermin with a rifle. 12.20 Self-loading shot guns (Ôsemi-automaticÕ is defined in section 27 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 as capable of holding more than two rounds in the magazine and applies only to large magazine shot guns (and .22 rim-fire rifles)) may be used to shoot certain pest species under the terms of a licence from either Natural England, Scottish National Heritage, or the Natural Resource Wales but is applicable to avian species only. Large magazine shot guns may be required to deal with serious pest