information regarding the scientific material. This methodology should ensure suspects do not construct untruthful but plausible explanations for DNA/Fingerprint identifications claiming legitimate contact from information supplied too early in the disclosure process. It is possible that this approach may elicit a no comment interview but this should never be automatically assumed. In any event a no comment response can be advantageous to the prosecution when supported by scientific evidence. 3 R v Imran & Hussain (1997), R v Nottle (2004), Ward v PSNI (2007). At the conclusion of the first phase further information should be revealed with more specific information concerning the nature of the DNA/Fingerprint identification which can be developed and used in the challenge phase. Acknowledgement This position statement was prepared by DCI Steve Hibbitt, an ACPO Approved Interview Adviser from Humberside Police. In the event of any queries about this position statement please contact either Gary Shaw at gary.shaw@npia.pnn.police.uk or Kevin Smith at kev.smith@npia.pnn.police.uk ACPO Position Statement: The Presence of Supporters during Interviews with Witnesses National Investigative Interviewing Strategic Steering Group (NIISSG) THE PRESENCE OF SUPPORTERS DURING INTERVIEWS WITH WITNESSES Introduction The purpose of this position paper is to clarify the role of interview supporters for witnesses and to dispel the enduring myth that suggests that an appropriate adult is required during vulnerable witness interviews. Background Before the 1st April 2003 Code C of the Codes of Practice to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) suggested that the presence of an appropriate adult was required during interviews with children and vulnerable adult witnesses. Specifically, paragraph 11.14 said: A juvenile or a person who is mentally disordered or mentally handicapped, whether suspected or not, must not be interviewed or asked to provide or sign a written statement in the absence of an appropriate adult unless paragraph 11.1 or Annex C applies. Over the years this paragraph led to a number of instances in which video- recorded interviews with child witnesses conducted in accordance with the Memorandum of Good Practice on Video-Recorded Interviews for Child Witnesses in Criminal Proceedings (Home Office 1992) were ruled to be inadmissible as a result of the absence of an appropriate adult even though there was no requirement in the Memorandum of Good Practice for one to be present. In response to this the ACPO portfolio holder for child abuse investigations of the day, Chief Constable Tony Butler of Gloucestershire, pressed the Home Office to clarify the rules around the presence of an appropriate adult during interviews with witnesses and this become more urgent as the provisions for video- recorded evidence-in-chief were extended to vulnerable adult witnesses in 2002. The question of whether or not an appropriate adult should be present during interviews with witnesses was finally resolved when the revised PACE Codes of Practice were published on 1st April 2003. The paragraphs of Code C have been re-numbered a little so that what used to be 11.14 became 11.15. The revised paragraph in the most recent edition (2008) of the Codes