outside the court through a televised link to the courtroom; • evidence given in private by excluding from the court members of the public and the press; and, • voice distortion measures. If applicants consider that the witness is central to the evidence for the application, but that any special measures considered necessary are not available at that particular court, the onus is on applicants to investigate where such measures may be available. If measures are available at another court, applicants can invite the court to transfer the hearing to that court.23 If applicants consider that the available special measures will not be sufficient, they should consider asking the court to order that witness identities should not be disclosed. Applicants would need to justify to the court why this is necessary, justified and proportionate. Applicants should also consider at the earliest possible stage whether a witness may need or benefit from an interpreter at court if English is not their first language. 20 CPR 39.2. 21 Secretary of State for the Home Department v AP. (No. 2) [2010] UKSC 26; Grey v UVW [2010] EWHC 2367. 22 CPR 32.3. For further guidance on special measures, see Crown Prosecution Service website, http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/s_to_u/special_measures/ 23 CPR 30.3. 30. 33 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Other means of supporting key witnesses include: engagement in face-to-face meetings (this could apply also to those witnesses who do not wish to give a statement or attend court); ensuring they are made aware of what to expect, including practical information about the court layout and how proceedings will run, seeing where they and the respondent will be seated, and practical demonstrations of the appropriate special measures; and transport to and from the court or being met by a police or council officer when they arrive. It should be remembered that applicants are responsible for presenting their case to the court and this includes being responsible for the witnesses they rely on. 9.7. Disclosure Before evidence is disclosed, the applicant should consult the police and other partners to ensure that all reasonable steps have been taken to support witnesses and minimise any potential for witness intimidation. Evidence should not be disclosed without the express permission of the witness. However, evidence that is not disclosed cannot be relied upon. Where appropriate, the applicant should seek to maintain witness anonymity and ensure that witnesses are not identified by default (for example, through details of location, ethnicity, age or other personal characteristics). 9.7.1. Access to court documents Under the Civil Procedure Rules24 a non-party may obtain from the courts records a copy of a Òstatement of caseÓ but not any document filed with or attached to it. Access to any document, other than the Òstatement of caseÓ requires the permission of the court. Permission must be applied for, by way of a Part 23 application.25 Where a case is transferred to the County Court or High Court on the respondentÕs reaching the age of 18, anything