107. The record of the search should be maintained in a suitable form, i.e. the record should be easily accessible, retrievable and subject to reasonable rules for storage, in particular in relation to the length of time before the record is destroyed. 108. Unless it is impracticable to do so, or it would jeopardise a wider ongoing operation or investigation, a copy of the record should be given immediately to the person in charge of the premises searched. If a record is not made at the time, the person should be informed how they can apply for a copy of the record once it is made. Specific procedures for seize and sift powers 109. Part 2 of the CJPA provides persons who are lawfully on any premises and exercising powers of search and seizure with further limited 35 powers to seize material from premises so that they can sift through it or otherwise examine it elsewhere. These powers may be exercised for the reasons stated in section 50 of the CJPA; appropriate persons should refer to and have regard to this provision. All appropriate persons conducting searches under POCA are permitted to use these powers. Appropriate persons should be careful that they only exercise these powers where it is essential to do so and that they do not remove any more material than is absolutely necessary. The removal of large volumes of material, much of which may not ultimately be retainable, may have serious implications for the owners, particularly where they are involved in business. Appropriate persons should always give careful consideration to whether removing copies or images of relevant material or data would be a satisfactory alternative to removing the originals. Where originals are taken, appropriate persons should always be prepared to facilitate the provision of copies or images for the owners where that is reasonably practicable. 110. Property seized under section 50 of the CJPA must be kept securely and separately from any other material seized under other powers (section 53(2) and (5) of the CJPA). Section 51 of the CJPA is not relevant as the search and seizure powers under Chapter 2 of Part 8 POCA do not extend to seizing material from a person. An initial examination under section 53 of the CJPA to determine what material may be retained in accordance with POCA must be carried out as soon as reasonably practicable, allowing the person from whom the material was seized, or a person with an interest in the material, an opportunity of being present or represented. The appropriate person should ensure that he or she has the facilities for the sift to be conducted in suitable surroundings and that persons from whom the material was seized or who have an interest in the material or their representative can be present. 111. All reasonable steps should be taken to accommodate an interested personÕs request to be present, provided the request is reasonable and subject to the need to prevent harm to, interference with, or unreasonable