local services Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Resolving neighbour disputes Take action through the courts If all else fails, you can take legal action against a neighbour. Taking someone to court can be expensive so it should be your last resort if nothing else works. There may be court fees and you may have to pay a solicitor. Legal advice You can get free legal advice from a law centre, advice centre or Citizens Advice. You can also find a lawyer who deals with a neighbour disputes. Related content Contact the police How to report antisocial behaviour Report a noise nuisance to your council Controlling y our dog in public Your property boundaries A guide to civil mediation Previous Call the police View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Home Housing and local services Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Resolving neighbour disputes Talk to your neighbour Before making a formal complaint or getting others involved, try to discuss the problem with your neighbour. If youÕre worried about approaching them, write a letter, explaining the problem clearly and sticking to the facts. If the problem a?ects other neighbours, involve them as well. It can be easier to settle a dispute if the complaint comes from a number of people. A tenantsÕ association might help if youÕre a member of one. Related content Contact the police How to report antisocial behaviour Report a noise nuisance to your council Controlling y our dog in public Your property boundaries A guide to civil mediation Get practical advice from Citizens Advice to deal with common neighbour disputes, like noise and rubbish. Previous Overview Next Contact your neighbour's landlord View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Noise, neighbours, pets and pests Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved 24/03/2025 Risk assessment https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/civil-contingencies/risk-assessment Page Risk assessment This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 3 April 2024 Written by College of Policing Civil contingencies