will not be used. Email The management of email and the associated email archive is covered in the Acceptable Use Force Systems Policy. Access and Security The legal and business environment in which the Force and OPCC operate establishes broad principles on access rights, conditions and restrictions. The standard business model of preserving the Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability (CIA) and non-repudiation (of origin, content and receipt) should be followed when handling force information and assets. In this context, confidentiality is a set of rules that limits access to information, integrity is the assurance that the information is trustworthy and accurate, and availability is a guarantee of reliable access to the information by authorised individuals. All staff have a responsibility to ensure that records are classified and handled in accordance with this environment and are protected from unauthorised access, disclosure and loss. Electronic and physical records will be made available for continuity of actions, with originators and managing individuals or groups having need to know and use access to information. The GovernmentÕs Security Classification system (GSC) applies to all force records and information and will be complied with at all times. Roles / functions within force identified as being competent and authorised to make assessments should decide on the sensitivity / protective marking of a record. This judgement could be on an entire series of records or on an individual record. In all cases, it will identify limitations / restrictions on the records and will highlight groups or individuals who should have access. The need to ensure appropriate access controls will be managed by assigning access status (privileges and attributes) to both records and individuals. This will ensure that: • records are categorised according to their access status at a particular time • records are only released to those who are authorised to see them • encrypted records can be read as and when required and authorised • records processes and transactions are only undertaken by those authorised to perform them and • parts of the organisation with responsibility for particular business functions specify access permissions to records relating to their area of responsibility. Any judgements for withholding or masking information must be recorded and the resulting record must be maintained for at least as long as the information in question. The Force and OPCC will not seek to put blanket restrictions on a record series where only some of the individual records are judged sensitive. However, where there is a requirement to use blanket restrictions for genuine technical reasons, they may be used. The monitoring and mapping of user permissions and role based functional job responsibilities is a continuing process which occurs in all records systems regardless of format. Information Asset Owners will assign individuals access privileges. Information abstracted from records or record metadata may be subject to legislation requiring it to be either withheld or made more widely available outside normal business needs, or even outside the Force itself. For example, compliance with Data Protection & Freedom of Information legislation.