partners to monitor compliance Applicants will need to continue consultation with appropriate partners after an injunction has been granted to ensure it is managed and enforced effectively. It is advisable for applicants to circulate details of granted injunctions to these partners at the earliest opportunity. This will need to be done by secure means. The information should include, but is not limited to: the details of the injunction, including its prohibitions, requirements and powers of arrest; personal information about the respondent (so as to make them identifiable), and any other details relevant to the application. Partners should also be given proof that the injunction has been served on the respondent. Formal and informal processes should also be established for sharing information relating to any variation, appeal, review and discharge of injunctions. This means ensuring that all involved partners are kept informed of any changes to an injunction. Responsibility for ensuring the accurate, secure and timely sharing of information lies with the applicant. See Section 6 of this guidance for further details on consultation. 12.2. Compiling evidence of breach Once an injunction has been obtained, and where it becomes apparent that it is not being complied with, applicants should begin compiling evidence of breach in preparation for any breach hearing. Information to be presented and made available to the court during a hearing could include: • written statements regarding the breach of the injunction; • any other evidence regarding the breach of the injunction; • a clear summary of any previous breaches of the injunction, what they were and how they were dealt with; • any relevant authorities for sentence; and • a revised draft injunction should the applicant be seeking to vary the provisions. 34 Schedule 5 of the Crime and Security Act 2010. 41 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 12.3. Bringing about breach hearings Application for a breach hearing is not mandatory upon breach of an injunction. The decision to pursue a breach hearing ordinarily rests with the original applicant. However, if the power of arrest is attached to an injunction condition, breach proceedings may ensue if the police arrest a respondent for breach of that condition as the court has power to hear contempt matters of its own motion. The case file should record the reasoned decision-making of the applicant from becoming aware of the breach until the final decision as to whether to bring proceedings for breach. In deciding whether to pursue breach proceedings, the applicant may want to consider: • the seriousness of the breach; • whether there have been any previous breaches; • the progress the respondent is making towards the positive requirements contained in the injunction; and • the impact of a breach hearing and sentence on the aim of the injunction to prevent gang- related violence or gang-related drug dealing. Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to 17 year olds Breach proceedings relating to adults are heard in the County Court or High Court.