they will not be visible if the door is open. • Signs mounted above doors should be at a height of between 2.0m and 2.5m above the floor. • Signs on walls should be mounted between 1.7m and 2.0m above the floor. • Mounting heights greater than 2.5m may be used for hanging signs, e.g. in large open spaces or for operational reasons, but care should be taken to ensure that such signs are both conspicuous and legible. In such case larger signs may be necessary. • Signs should be sited at the same height throughout the escape route, so far as is reasonably practicable. Escape sign design For a sign to comply with safety signs and signals regulations it must be pictographic (see Figures 57 and 58). The pictogram can be supplemented by text if this is considered necessary to make the sign easily understood (BS-type sign), but you must not have a safety sign that uses only text. Either type of sign can be used but different types should not be mixed. Appropriate signs should take into account the needs of those who may need to use them. The legibility of escape signs is determined by the size of the sign, its level of illumination and the distance over which it is viewed. The use of signs within the same premises should follow a consistent design pattern or scheme. You should not rely on a few outsized signs which may encourage people to travel to a particular escape route when other more appropriate routes should be used. In multi-occupied premises, co-operation between the respective Ôresponsible personsÕ should be sought to ensure that, as far as possible, all signs in the building conform to a single pattern or scheme. 102 * The Royal National Institute of the Blind estimates that only about 4% of visually impaired people are totally blind. Figure 57: BS-type sign Figure 58: Euro sign Other safety signs and notices A number of other mandatory signs such as ÔFire actionÕ notices may also be necessary. Fire doors that have been fitted with self- closing devices should be labelled ÔFire door Ð keep shutÕ (Figure 59) on both sides. fire- resisting doors to cupboards, stores and service ducts that are not self-closing because they are routinely kept locked should be labelled ÔFire door Ð keep lockedÕ on the outside. Figure 59: Fire door Ôkeep shutÕ notice Signs should indicate non-automatic fire safety equipment if there is any doubt about its location, e.g. fire extinguishers that are kept in cabinets or in recesses. A notice with the words ÔPush bar to openÕ should be permanently displayed immediately above the push-bar on all doors fitted with a panic bolt or panic latch. A notice with the words ÔFire escape Ð keep clearÕ should be permanently displayed at about eye level on the external face of all doors which are provided as a means of escape in case of fire and which, because they are not normally used, may become