and/or any other persons directed by the court have been served with the order or informed of its terms. The order and statement should be delivered to the police station for the address of the person being protected by the order, unless the court specifies another police station. 3.4. FGM Mandatory Reporting Duty Section 5B of the 2003 Act34 introduces a mandatory reporting duty which requires regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales to report ÔknownÕ35 cases of FGM in under 18s which they identify in the course of their professional work to the police. The duty applies to all regulated professionals (as defined in section 5B(2)(a), (11) and (12) of the 2003 Act) working within health or social care, and teachers. It therefore covers: • health and social care professionals regulated by a body which is overseen by the Professional Standards Authority for Health and Social Care (with the exception of the Pharmaceutical Society of Northern Ireland). This includes those regulated by the: o General Chiropractic Council o General Dental Council o General Medical Council o General Optical Council o General Osteopathic Council o General Pharmaceutical Council o Health and Care Professions Council (whose role includes the regulation of social workers in England) o Nursing and Midwifery Council • teachers36 - this includes qualified teachers or persons who are employed or engaged to carry out teaching work in schools and other institutions, and, in Wales, education practitioners regulated by the Education Workforce Council; • registered social care workers in Wales. 34 As inserted by section 74 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. 35 ÒKnownÓ cases are those where either a girl informs the person that an act of FGM Ð however described Ð has been carried out on her, or where the person observes physical signs on a girl appearing to show that an act of FGM has been carried out and the person has no reason to believe that the act was, or was part of, a surgical operation within section 1(2)(a) or (b) of the FGM Act 2003. 36 Section 5B(11) of the FGM Act 2003 (as inserted by section 74 of the Serious Crime Act 2015) provides the definition for the term ÔteacherÕ:Ó teacherÓ means Ð (a) in relation to England, a person within section 141A(1) of the Education Act 2002 (persons employed or engaged to carry out teaching work at schools and other institutions in England); (b) in relation to Wales, a person who falls within a category listed in the table in paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Education (Wales) Act 2014 (anaw 5) (categories of registration for purposes of Part 2 of that Act) or any other person employed or engaged as a teacher at a school (within the meaning of the Education Act 1996) in WalesÓ. The legislation requires regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales to make a report to the police where, in the course of their professional duties,