of a power under this paragraph is guilty of an offence and is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. A CSO or CSV who proposes to exercise a power to search a person under sub- paragraph (1) or (2) must inform him or her that failing without reasonable excuse to consent to being searched is an offence. If the person in question fails to consent to being searched, the CSO or CSV may require him or her to give the CSO or CSV his or her name and address. If on searching the person the CSO or CSV discovers what he or she is searching for, the CSO or CSV may seize it and dispose of it. Powers to seize and detain: controlled drugs (1) A CSO or CSV may exercise the powers conferred by sub-paragraph (2) or (3) in the relevant police area. If the CSO or CSV— finds a controlled drug in a person's possession (whether or not the CSO or CSV finds it in the course of searching the person in the exercise of a power or duty conferred or imposed by his or her designation under section 38), and reasonably believes that it is unlawful for the person to be in possession of it, the CSO or CSV may seize it and retain it. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C – Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 261 If the CSO or CSV— either— finds a controlled drug in a person's possession (as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(a)), or reasonably believes that a person is in possession of a controlled drug, and reasonably believes that it is unlawful for the person to be in possession of it, the CSO or CSV may require the person to give the CSO or CSV his or her name and address. If, in exercise of the power conferred by sub-paragraph (2), the CSO or CSV seizes and retains a controlled drug, the CSO or CSV must— if the person from whom it was seized maintains that he or she was lawfully in possession of it, tell the person where inquiries about its recovery may be made, and comply with a constable's instructions about what to do with it. A person who fails to comply with a requirement imposed under sub-paragraph (3) is guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. In this paragraph, “controlled drug” has the same meaning as in