and control 6.25 It should be noted that ÒpossessionÓ relates not only to physical possession and that a person exercising Òdirection and controlÓ over prohibited items might also be said to be in possession of them (see Chapter 3 for details of the procedure for seeking the authority of the Secretary of State or of Scottish Ministers). AuctioneersÕ permits 6.26 Section 9(2) of the 1968 Act provides that auctioneers may, without being registered as firearms dealers, sell by auction, expose for sale by auction, or have in their possession for sale by auction, firearms or ammunition to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, or shot guns, if they have obtained from the chief officer of police of the area in which the auction is held, a permit in the prescribed form. Auctioneers who deal regularly in firearms may wish to register as firearms dealers. It is the duty of auctioneers to satisfy themselves, by requiring the production of certificates or other authorities, that the purchasers of the firearms or ammunition are lawfully entitled to possess them. 6.27 Following the amendment to section 3(1)(c) of the 1968 Act by section 31 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006, auctioneers in England and Wales may sell air weapons provided they are a registered firearms dealer or have an auctioneerÕs permit, and comply with its terms. 6.28 By virtue of section 33 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997, which requires the notification of transfers involving firearms, an auctioneer is required to inform the chief officer forthwith of the name and address of any person other than a registered firearms dealer, purchasing or acquiring any firearm or ammunition to which the permit refers. Firearms licensing departments may wish to consider granting an auctioneerÕs permit not just for the day of the sale but for a period both before and after the sale. This would allow the auctioneer to collect the firearms and/or shot guns and, for an appropriate period after the sale, to allow for unsold firearms/shot guns to be returned or otherwise disposed of. Slaughtering instruments and ammunition 6.29 The Slaughterhouses Act 1974 was repealed by SI 1995/731. Licensed slaughterers are now subject to the provisions of The Welfare of Animals (Slaughter or Killing) Regulations 1995 and the Welfare of Animals at the Time of Killing (Scotland) Regulations 2012 to possess slaughtering instruments and ammunition for them without a certificate in any slaughterhouse or knackerÕs yard in which they are employed (section 10(1) of the 1968 Act). The proprietor of a slaughterhouse or knackerÕs yard may, without holding a certificate, possess a slaughtering instrument and ammunition and must store them in safe custody at that slaughterhouse or knackerÕs yard. This applies equally to a person appointed by the proprietor to take charge of slaughtering instruments and ammunition for 45 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law them for that purpose (section 10(2) of the 1968 Act). Except in these circumstances, possession of a slaughtering instrument away from the slaughterhouse or knackerÕs yard will