a healthcare professional, sharing this information with the girlÕs GP, health visitor or school nurse (dependent on age of child) and potentially other professional delivering care to the child depending upon circumstances; • in healthcare settings in England, making sure that the FGM Information Sharing (FGM-IS) System is used, and an indicator placed upon the girlÕs record as appropriate (see Section D.2.9). In all cases, professionals should also consider risk to other children and women in the family. Depending on the circumstances of the individual case, the professionalÕs role and local procedures, a professional may need to make this referral personally. If the referral is made by another individual, all relevant information obtained from the child/family members should be shared with the referrer. D.2.3 Girl (Under 18) or Vulnerable Adult who has Previously Been Identified as at Risk of FGM With effective safeguarding and information sharing procedures in place, professionals will be able to see on a girl or womanÕs record that she has previously been identified as potentially at risk of FGM. Professionals treating or supporting the girl or woman should make themselves aware of any relevant information and take appropriate action, as for other forms of abuse. Professionals should always take opportunities to discuss and understand changes to the girlÕs family circumstances, and look out for whether there is a change in relation to any of the known risk factors. For example, if the professional becomes aware of new travel plans or the arrival of extended family members to live with the girl, this information should be shared with appropriate partner agencies. Local procedures should give advice of how to act in these circumstances. 52 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation D.2.4 FGM Disclosed by or Visually Identified in a Girl (Under 18) Where a case of FGM is disclosed by or visually identified in a girl under the age of 18, regulated health or social care professionals and teachers are legally required to make a report to the police under the FGM mandatory reporting duty. See Section 3.4 for further information. Professionals who are not subject to the mandatory reporting duty should follow their local safeguarding procedures, and discuss the case with their local safeguarding lead to agree an appropriate a course of action. D.2.5 Adult who has had FGM There is no requirement for automatic referral of adult women with FGM to adult social services or the police. Professionals should be aware that any disclosure may be the first time that a woman has ever discussed her FGM with anyone. A referral to the police should not be an automatic response for all adult women who are identified as having had FGM; cases must individually assessed. Professional should seek to support women by offering referral to community groups who can provide support, or other services as appropriate (see Annex H). In all cases it is also important to consider whether the individual and/or her family are known to social services, and whether there are