created criteria to assess the effectiveness of each policy option. Each intervention was tested to determine if it would address the issues raised from the evidence findings (see Annex A) and promote the behaviours we want developers of AI models (see above) and those seeking to deploy AI to follow. We have included questions in the Call for Views questionnaire to gather further information to enhance our knowledge on the potential efficacy and impacts of each proposed intervention. Benefit vs Cost (to businesses, consumers and government) / potential value for money We evaluated each intervention within the context of its impact on addressing the cyber risks to AI. We used the business survey results on costs and resources to inform our understanding, which will be supplemented by responses to questions in the Call for Views. We also considered each policy intervention based on if it would still be effective if there were significant changes to the GovernmentÕs plans or funding arrangements. Likely effectiveness and measurability Effectiveness was viewed in terms of whether each intervention would ultimately reduce the threat to users, improve AI security and how it will drive improved security for an organisation that utilises AI. Equally, it also consisted of evaluating whether the proposal could be measured to assess its impact. Barriers to Implementation We assessed each intervention in terms of its likelihood of adoption and support from key stakeholders and its ease of implementation. As part of this, we considered the timescale of implementation and whether there were factors faced by different stakeholder groups that needed to be considered. Unintended consequences We considered whether our proposed interventions would introduce the right incentives we wish AI developers and organisations to adopt, without introducing negative consequences as a side effect. Consistency with international approaches Given the global reach of technology, we have focussed on aligning each intervention with international efforts. This aspect involved evaluating how an action could either foster international cooperation or potentially contradict or interfere with strategies adopted globally. Equity and Impact (on consumers and businesses in the market) We evaluated the impact of each intervention in terms of whether it disproportionately affected specific groups. This included examination of whether the intervention lessened competition and contributed to creating monopoly positions within the market. This should be viewed within the context of the governmentÕs support for digital innovation (see below). Pro-innovation approach We examined whether each policy option reduced the incentives for research and development within AI. We also examined whether the policy would prohibit or restrict products or services offered by AI companies and thus create further barriers of entry into the market. We are taking this pro-innovation approach as AI is already bringing extensive benefits to society, and we want to ensure future opportunities are not impeded by this work. Interventions that were considered by Government A number of options have been considered in support of the programmeÕs objectives. The options set out below were considered against the criteria that informed the development of policy interventions.