of Local Risk Assessment Guidance Type of risk Risk categories (and sub-categories) Outcome description Likelihood assessment, lead department and assumptions Variation and further information Likelihood rationale Industrial accidents and environmental pollution e.g. H1 Fire or explosion at a gas terminal as well as LPG, LNG and other has onshore feedstock pipeline and flammable gas storage sites e.g. Up to 3km around site causing up to 500 fatalities and 1,500 hospitalisations. Gas terminal event likely to be of short duration once feed lines are isolated; event at a storage site could last for days if explosion damaged control equipment Likelihood rating: Lead: Fire and Rescue Service (F&R)/Health and Safety Executive (HSE) Assumptions: e.g. H2 Fire or explosion at an onshore ethylene gas pipeline e.g. Up to 3km around site causing up to 500 fatalities and 1,500 hospitalisations and serious downstream impact on oil and chemical production Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: e.g. HL1 Fire or explosion at a gas terminal, or involving a gas pipeline e.g. Up to 3km around site causing up to 10 fatalities and 100 hospitalisations Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Fire or explosion at an oil refinery Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: PAGE 44 Emergency Preparedness | Annex 4 B: Illustration of Local Risk Assessment Guidance Type of risk Risk categories (and sub-categories) Outcome description Likelihood assessment, lead department and assumptions Variation and further information Likelihood rationale Fire or explosion at a fuel distribution site and tank storage of flammable or toxic liquids Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Fire or explosion at an onshore fuel pipeline Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Fire or explosion at an offshore oil/gas platform Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Explosions at a natural gas pipeline Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Toxic chemical release Likelihood rating: Lead: Environment Agency/HSE Assumptions: e.g. HL2 Industrial accident involving toxic release, e.g. from a site storing large quantities of chlorine e.g. Up to 3km from site causing up to 30 fatalities and up to 250 hospitalisations Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: e.g. HL3 Industrial accident involving toxic release e.g. Up to 1km from site causing up to 10 fatalities and up to 100 hospitalisations Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Radioactive substantive release from a nuclear reactor accident Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: PAGE 45 Emergency Preparedness | Annex 4 B: Illustration of Local Risk Assessment Guidance Type of risk Risk categories (and sub-categories) Outcome description Likelihood assessment, lead department and assumptions Variation and further information Likelihood rationale Accidental or unplanned importation or release of radioactive material from incorrectly handled or disposed of sources Likelihood rating: Lead: Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) Biological substance release from control measure failure (e.g. pathogen release from containment laboratory) Likelihood rating: Lead: HSE Assumptions: Widespread contamination of the food supply chain, arising from: 1. Industrial accident (chemical, microbiological nuclear) affecting food production areas e.g. Chernobyl, Sea Empress oil spill, foot and mouth disease (FMD) 2. Contamination of animal feed, e.g. dioxins, FMD Likelihood rating: Lead: Food Standards Agency (FSA)