violent behaviour of gang members from escalating and engage gang members in positive activities to help them leave the gang. Gang injunctions can also be used to help protect people, in particular children, from being drawn further into more serious activity. Anyone seeking to apply for an injunction must have evidence that the respondent has engaged in, encouraged or assisted gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing; and will need to be able to prove this on the balance of probabilities at court. Applicants will also need to convince the court that the gang injunction is necessary to prevent the respondent from being involved in gang- related violence and gang-related drug dealing and/or to protect the respondent from such violence or drug dealing activity. 2.2. What is gang-related violence? Section 34(5) of the 2009 Act defines gang-related violence as: ÒViolence or a threat of violence which occurs in the course of, or is otherwise related to, the activities of a group that: a) consists of at least 3 people; and, b) has one or more characteristics that enable its members to be identified by others as a group.Ó Gang injunctions are intended to be used against members of violent street gangs. However, setting out what is meant by Ôgang-related violenceÕ in legislation is a complex task. The nature and form of gang-related violence varies significantly between areas and is not easily captured by a single definition. The wording of the statutory definition used in the 2009 Act (as amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015) is therefore intentionally broad and wide-ranging to ensure gang injunctions can be used effectively in response to the different gangs encountered in different local areas. It is important for applicants to have a sound understanding of the gang problem in their local area in order to satisfy the court that the respondent has been involved in gang-related violence. This understanding should be informed by intelligence from the community and local partners. 1 Section 34(3) of the 2009 Act. 7 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 2.3. What is gang-related drug dealing? Section 34(5) of the 2009 Act defines gang-related drug dealing activity as: Òthe unlawful production, supply, importation or exportation of a controlled drug which occurs in the course of, or is otherwise related to, the activities of a group that: a) consists of at least 3 people; and, b) has one or more characteristics that enable its members to be identified by others as a group.Ó 2.4. Which groups are not suitable for gang injunctions? Gang injunctions should only be used to prevent gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing that is committed by groups that fall under the section 34(5) definition. Applicants should not seek injunctions against members of groups which do not fall under that definition. All applications must focus on gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing rather than, for example, acts of anti-social behaviour or acquisitive crime. 2.5. Who can apply for a gang injunction? Section 37 of