have a protected stairway(s) then it is essential that you maintain that level of fire protection. The benefit of protecting stairways from the effects of fire allows you to measure your travel distance from the furthest point on the relevant floor to the nearest storey exit rather than the final exit of the building. If the building you occupy has floors which are occupied by different companies to your own you need to consider, as part of your fire risk assessment, the possibility that a fire may occur in another part of the building over which you may have no control and which may affect the protected stairway if allowed to develop unchecked. If your fire risk assessment shows that this may be the case and people using any floor would be unaware of a developing fire, then additional fire-protection measures may be required, e.g. an automatic fire-detection and warning system. If this is required you will need to consult and co-operate with other occupiers and building managers. You may find that stairways in your building are provided with protected lobbies or corridors at each floor level (except the top floor) (Figure 35). Although these are not generally necessary for means of escape in multi-stairway buildings of less than 18m high, they may have been provided for other reasons (e.g. firefighting access). In all case protected corridors, lobbies and stairways must be kept clear of combustibles and obstructions. In taller buildings (in general those over five storeys, excluding basements), the person who has overall control of common areas of the building may need to seek advice from a competent person. lobby/corridor approach Ideally stairway enclosures should lead directly to a final exit. If your premises has only one stairway from the upper floor(s) which does not lead directly to a final exit, adopt one of the following arrangements: • provide a protected route from the foot of the stairway enclosure leading to a final exit (Figure 36); or 78 • provide two exits from the stairway, each giving access to a final exit via routes which are separated from each other by fire-resisting construction (Figure 37). • stairway to a final exit Figure 37: Examples of two escape routes from a stairway to final exits Separation of protected stairways Where there are two or more protected stairways, the routes to final exits should be separated by fire-resisting construction so that fire cannot affect more than one escape route at the same time (see Figure 38). Creating a stairway bypass route No one should have to pass through a protected stairway to reach another stairway. Options to avoid this include: • using intercommunicating doors between rooms adjacent to the stairway, such doors must be available at all times when the building is occupied (see Figure 39); • using balconies and other features to bypass the stairway; or • as long as there is enough space, create a bypass corridor around the stairway enclosure. • 80 Reception areas Reception or enquiry areas