amount to Gross Misconduct and therefore dismissal is a potential outcome, then as stated within Section 7 of the Home Office Guidance, the misconduct will be dealt with under the Police Conduct Regulations 2020 and not under the Regulation 13 process. 11.2 The Force must be advised promptly by the contracted HEI provider of any concerns about a Student OfficerÕs conduct. The contracted HEI provider will not take any unilateral action in relation to disciplinary matters and the above procedures should be followed. 11.3 In the event a Student Officer is dismissed under the Police Conduct Regulations, they will be placed on the Barred List as set out in Regulation 3 of the Barred List Regulations (Section 7, page 232). https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_ data/file/863820/Home_Office_Statutory_Guidance_0502.pdf ) 11.4 Student Police Officers, who are dismissed via the Police Regulations 2003 Regulation 13 procedure will not be included on the barred list. However, it is important that the formal disciplinary process is used where appropriate rather than Regulation 13, to ensure that relevant information is included on the lists and is available for future vetting purposes. 12 Suspension of a Student Officer 12.1 The consideration of suspending an officer from the office of Constable are set out in Regulation 10 of the Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 and must only occur where redeployment is not appropriate and could impede the investigation or it is the public interest that an officer should be suspended. 12.2 It should be considered whether placing an officer on restricted duties and therefore allowing learning to continue, would be a suitable alternative in the circumstances of the case. This discussion should take place in consultation with the Apprenticeship Consultant and the HEI. 12.3 In some cases, if suspension is considered the only viable option, then this may also need to apply to learning, unless learning can be facilitated independently from the rest of the cohort. Depending on the nature of and severity of the matter, it may be considered that allowing a person to study with colleagues who are involved in or aware of an incident or investigation would compromise them, colleagues or the investigation. However, if suspended, it should not be automatic that learning is also suspended. Any decision in this regard should be shared with the Apprenticeship Consultant and the HEI. 13 Resignation of a Student Officer 13.1 A Student Officer who has been referred to the Chief Constable for consideration for dismissal under Regulation 13 Police Regulations and Determinations 2003, would not normally have their services dispensed with if they give written notice of voluntary resignation to take effect on or before the date on which Wiltshire Police would dispense with their services. The normal requirement for one monthÕs notice is then waived consequently the officer will only be paid up until their actual last day (which may be less 12.1 than 1 month). The option to resign remains until the commencement of the appearance before the Chief Constable. 13.2 Should a Student Officer indicate their intention at any time