six months period, the chief officer will inform the Home Office or the Scottish Government why approval has not been recommended. 17.11 In considering whether or not to grant an application for approval, the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers must satisfy themselves that, amongst other considerations: i. the club has regular use of ranges with financial arrangements in place to cover the losses to third parties and which are safe for the class of firearms for which approval is requested; ii. the security arrangements for the storage of club firearms and ammunition, where held, are satisfactory; iii. the application is being made by or on behalf of a bona fide club which is able to meet the criteria (see paragraph 17.6); and iv. there are no other considerations which would make the club unsuitable for approval. 17.12 Club approval by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers will only cover target shooting with the categories of firearm listed below: a) Full-bore rifles, including pistol calibre Ògallery riflesÓ (not designed or adapted to fire ammunition capable of discharging projectiles at muzzle energies greater than 10,000 foot-pounds) b) Small-bore rifles; and c) Muzzle-loading pistols 17.13 The decision about which categories will be included in the approval letter will be dependent upon whether suitable ranges are available to the club. Variation applications 17.14 Applications for the change of club secretary, change of address or category of firearm for clubs situated in England and Wales must be submitted online, under shooting club applications. Applications for such variations for clubs based in Scotland should be made in writing to the: Firearms Team Safer Communities Division St AndrewÕs House Edinburg EH1 3DG e-mail: firearms.enquiries@gov.scot Ranges 149 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 17.15 The ranges which a club cites when applying for approval should be available for the club to use on a regular basis. As a guide, this would be a minimum of six occasions a year, although in some circumstances a lower frequency of use might be justified. It should be noted that civilian club bookings on military ranges may be cancelled, often at short notice, due to operational requirements and a growing Territorial force, so allowance should be made for changes beyond the clubÕs control. Readily available access to a suitable range in another part of the country might be sufficient to qualify for approval purposes depending on the circumstances. 17.16 The responsibility rests firmly with range owners/operators to ensure that their range is constructed and maintained safely. Failure to do so will leave them liable under a range of legislation, such as the OccupiersÕ Liability Act 1957, the OccupiersÕ Liability (Scotland) Act 1960 and the Health & Safety at Work etc Act 1974. The National Rifle Association and National Small-Bore Rifle Association have a range inspection service. 17.17 The club criteria (see paragraph 17.6) and certificate conditions include a requirement for owners/operators of ranges to have in place adequate financial arrangements to meet any injury or damage claims. In most