establishing a community safety accreditation scheme for his police area, a chief officer of any police force (other than the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis) must consult with— the [F424local policing body] maintaining that force, and every local authority any part of whose area lies within the police area. Before establishing a community safety accreditation scheme for the metropolitan police district, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must consult with— [F425(a) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime;] the Mayor of London; and every local authority any part of whose area lies within the metropolitan police district. In subsections (4)(b) and (5)(c) “local authority” means— in relation to England, a district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; and in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council. Every [F426police and crime plan under section 5 or 6 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011] which is issued after the commencement of this section, F427... must set out— whether a community safety accreditation scheme is maintained for the police area in question; if not, whether there is any proposal to establish such a scheme for that area during the period to which the plan relates; particulars of any such proposal or of any proposal to modify during that period any community safety accreditation scheme that is already maintained for that area; the extent (if any) of any arrangements for provisions specified in Schedule 4 to be applied to designated persons employed by the [F428local policing body]; and the respects in which any community safety accreditation scheme that is maintained or proposed will be supplementing those arrangements during the period to which the plan relates. A community safety accreditation scheme must contain provision for the making of arrangements with employers who— are carrying on business in the police area in question, or are carrying on business in relation to the whole or any part of that area or in relation to places situated within it, for those employers to supervise the carrying out by their employees of the community safety functions for the purposes of which powers are conferred on those employees by means of accreditations under section 41. It shall be the duty of a chief officer of police who establishes and maintains a community safety accreditation scheme to ensure that the employers of the persons on whom powers are conferred by the grant of accreditations under section 41 have established and maintain satisfactory arrangements for handling complaints relating Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 97 Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into