postcode box should be left empty. Any postal codes / zip codes outside of the UK can be added to the ÔDistrictÕ field. Businesses • All businesses must have the registered businesses name. • They must be linked to an address that also has the same business name recorded in the common name or premises name field See Annex B for the detailed Data Quality Standards - 2.1.6 Address Records and 2.1.7 Business Records also see Annex C - 3.1.5 Business addresses and 3.1.6 Incorrect / Incomplete addresses 1.1.4 Entity - Event Niche Occurrence Every Niche occurrence should contain the following: • Occurrence number • Occurrence Address • Person entity linked to occurrences as appropriate • Person entity linked to intelligence should be as appropriate e.g. Subject, Source, Victim, Other In addition to the above a crime occurrence should contain the following: • Home Office crime classification • Resolved outcome • Valid Status • Correctly applied qualifiers Ð Local and NICL • Date and time of offence • MO/Summary of at least 20 characters • Linked Officers, Staff and Units as appropriate (OIC, Reporting officer, Supervising officer etc.) Table of Contents Admin Occurrences In addition to the above it is vitally important to complete the following to ensure the management of this occurrence type: • Creation Rules Ð when an Admin occurrence is created, a task/workflow is required to be sent to the relevant unit/team/responsible person to ensure the occurrence is regularly reviewed for intelligence/crime (which should be stored elsewhere). If the occurrence is created on behalf of another user, ensure that the requestor is linked in the Officer tab and/or details added in the OEL • File and Finalise Ð one this type of occurrence has been completed it is required to be filed and finalised by the creator/responsible person. If permissions do not allow users to do this, please task the CCC • Retention Ð these types of occurrences will be disposed of 6 years from the finalisation date without manual review. Any users requiring the continued retention of an Admin occurrence beyond 6 years, will need to contact the Records Management Team Audit Ð These occurrence types will be audited every 3 months to ensure the above is completed. Admin occurrence types include: Action Fraud, Cancel/exit/error, Complaint against Police, Contact Record, CSODS Application, Duplicate, DVDS Application, Horizon, Lost/Found property / Found person, Messages, OCG Management, OCG Operation, Police Generated Resource Activity, Possessing Alcohol Ð OOPPA, PPD Ð Single Agency Non Police, PPD Offender Management, Pre-Planned event, Problem Solving, Sec 35 Dispersal Order, SWITCH Offender Management, Targeted Patrols, Test/Training and VRA Action Plans. See Annex B for the detailed Data Quality Standards - 2.1.8 Occurrences also see Annex C - 3.1.11 Creating an Occurrence Custody Records • Person information (section 2.1.1) • Occurrence number • PNC ID and CRO number where appropriate • AS Number • Offence • Reason for arrest • Arresting officer See Annex B for the detailed Data Quality Standards - 2.1.9 Custody Records Other