if the following conditions are satisfied— a confiscation order is made against the person by whom the property is held; a receiver has not been appointed under section 50 in relation to the property; any period allowed under section 11 for payment of the amount ordered to be paid under the confiscation order has ended. 78 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In such a case a magistrates' court may by order authorise an appropriate officer to realise the property. In this section “appropriate officer” and “relevant seizure power” have the same meaning as in section 41A. 67B Costs of storage and realisation This section applies if a magistrates' court makes an order under section 67A. The court may determine an amount which may be recovered by the appropriate officer in respect of reasonable costs incurred in— storing or insuring the property since it was seized or produced as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section; realising the property. If the court makes a determination under this section the appropriate officer is entitled to payment of the amount under section 55(4). A determination under this section may be made on the same occasion as the section 67A order or on any later occasion; and more than one determination may be made in relation to any case. In this section “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 41A. 67C Sections 67A and 67B: appeals If a magistrates' court decides not to make an order under section 67A, an appropriate officer may appeal to the Crown Court. If a magistrates' court makes an order under section 67A, a person affected by the order may appeal to the Crown Court. But the person mentioned in section 67A(2)(a) may not appeal. An appropriate officer may appeal to the Crown Court against— a determination made by a magistrates' court under section 67B; a decision by a magistrates' court not to make a determination under that section. In this section “appropriate officer” has the same meaning as in section 41A. 67D Proceeds of realisation This section applies to sums which— are in the hands of an appropriate officer, and are the proceeds of the realisation of property under section 67A. The sums must be applied as follows— first, they must be applied in payment of such expenses incurred by a person acting as an insolvency practitioner as are payable under this subsection by virtue of section 432; second, they must be applied in making any payments directed by the magistrates' court