the process of securing the border enforcing immigration laws law enforcement for criminal matters any other lawful matter including those related to public health The Home O?ce is based at 2 Marsham Street, London SW1P 4DF. The Home O?ce is the controller for this information. This includes when the information is collected or processed by third parties on our behalf. Data protection law in the UK changed on 25 May 2018. This notice reflects your rights under the new laws and lets you know how we will look after and use your personal information. This includes what you tell us about yourself, what we learn about you as you engage with the borders, immigration and citizenship system, and what others share with us to fulfil their legal obligations or help prevent abuse of the immigration system and/or prevent and detect crime. It also covers what information we may share with other organisations. The Home O?ce has appointed a data protection o?cer (DPO) to help ensure that we fulfil our legal obligations when processing personal information. You can contact the DPO for more information. How we protect your personal information We have a duty to safeguard and ensure the security of your personal information. We do that by having systems and policies in place to limit access to your information and prevent unauthorised disclosure. Sta? who access personal information must have appropriate security clearance and a business need for accessing the information, and their activity is subject to audit and review. How we gather and use your personal information We are only allowed to use, gather and share personal information where we have an appropriate legal basis to do so under the UK General Data Protection Regulations (UK GDPR) or the Data Protection Act 2018. The Home O?ce collects and processes personal information to fulfil its legal and o?cial functions. We will only use personal information when the law allows us to and where it is necessary and proportionate to do so. The legal basis for the processing of your data will, in most cases, be Article 6(1)(e) of the (UK GDPR) Ð that is, that the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of o?cial authority vested in the controller. At points, for example in considering asylum claims and verifying your identity, we also process special categories of personal data on the basis of Article 9(2)(g) of the UK GDPR where the processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. This may include information about political beliefs, sexual orientation, religious beliefs and biometrics. We may also process personal data under Part 3 (law enforcement processing) of the Data Protection Act 2018, such as for the purposes of the prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal o?ences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public or national security. The legal basis for processing law enforcement data is section 31