the QRP, with taxes only being implemented after the selling of those proceeds, continuing a capital allocation method that maximizes the firm’s profits while ensuring the empowerment of other workers. Policy Analysis There are three key objectives that this policy attempts to achieve. First, this policy aims to align PE’s best interests with employees. Job satisfaction grew as the attitudes of workers towards their managers and company performance, specifically in terms of sales growth, increased by 5.4% more than comparison companies with the establishment of ESOP plans. This makes them more likely to be efficient in the long-term.8 The second objective of the policy is to ensure the long-term success of PE-backed companies. ESOPs are connected to undeniable success. 73% of the ESOP companies have significantly improved their performance after setting up their plans.8 But in the PE industry, creating the ESOP plans in the first place is rare.9 Through this policy, PE-backed corporations will have an opportunity to improve performance and production output immensely, incentivizing PE firms to implement ESOP plans that produce the benefit in the first place. The last objective of the policy is wealth building and promotion of concrete ESG initiatives. Although 87% of firms consider ESG factors only to decrease investment risk and potential litigation on a reputational basis, this policy creates two concrete contribution methods to a PE firm’s ESG efforts.10 First, ESOPs themselves are found to have a significantly positive relationship with greater environmental protection, quality of environmental impact information disclosed, and ESG ratings.11 Second, the proceeds are required to be reinvested in SMEs with ESG initiatives which are known to create jobs at a higher rate than non- PE-backed firms and to adopt sustainable business practices.12 Both methods will ensure the PE industry maximizes shareholder value while simultaneously contributing to social welfare. Highlight: This policy proposes that through an expansion of Section 1042 of the IRC, private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) firms can defer capital gains taxes by selling a controlling stake in a company to Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOP) and reinvesting the proceedings into a QRP from an operating corporation that is an SME with ESG initiatives as defined under this law.6 This policy also encourages reinvestment into SMEs with specific ESG initiatives, increasing their influence in their respective industries to expand their social and environmental welfare impact.13,14 This policy will use the existing compliance frameworks for Section 1042 with adjustments to account for the QRP differences, documenting both the sale to ESOPs and the reinvestment in ESG- compliant QRPs. The IRS would partner with the Department of Labor to ensure all ESOP transactions meet ERISA standards.15,16 Implementation First, the United States Congress will need to introduce and pass a bill through both chambers, proposing amendments to Section 1042 of the IRC to allow private equity and venture capital firms holding a controlling stake in a company to defer capital gains taxes when selling to an ESOP. Within this bill, Congress must define controlling stake as at least