be taken into consideration (see paragraph 4.57) How the Act and the Regulations Apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland 4.15. The extent of the risk assessment duty under the Act and the application of this guidance differ between the devolved administrations. Scotland 4.16. Category 1 responders in Scotland have a duty to undertake risk assessment. The Resilience Division and sector policy areas of the Scottish Government work closely with Strategic Co-ordinating Groups (LRF equivalents) and national agencies to 17 s. 2(1)(f) 4.16. deliver resilience activities in Scotland. The guidance Preparing Scotland has been centrally produced by the Scottish Government in partnership with Category 1 responders to support them to undertake these statutory duties. 4.17. Information on hazard and threat assessments for the UK is provided to the Scottish Government in the form of the LRAG, the National Risk Register and National Resilience Planning Assumptions. These are circulated to Strategic Co-ordinating Groups via the Scottish GovernmentÕs Resilience Division. This material will be issued direct by a Minister to Category 1 responders which fall outside devolved competence. Wales 4.18. The Act, Regulations and guidance extend to Wales. To assist Category 1 responders to fulfil their risk assessment duty, the Welsh Government will be provided with information on hazard and threat assessments in the form of the LRAG, the National Risk Register and National Resilience Planning Assumptions, to cascade to Category 1 responders in Wales. The Welsh Government may issue its own risk assessments to responders in Wales, with the consent of the Minister of the Crown. In certain circumstances, a Minister of the Crown may also provide guidance direct to Category 1 responders in Wales. From time to time, the CRR should also be shared with LRFs with whom a boundary is shared, and a copy provided to the Welsh Government.18 Northern Ireland 4.19. In Northern Ireland, only a limited number of organisations have duties under Part 1 of the Act. (For further details see Chapter 12.) 18 regulation 16 4.20. To assist those Category 1 responders who do have a duty to undertake risk assessment, information on hazard and threat assessments will be provided to them direct. They will also be provided to the Civil Contingencies Policy Branch (CCPB) and the Department of Justice for information purposes. 4.21. Because these organisations do not represent the full spectrum of responders, not all the duties placed on organisations elsewhere will be appropriate in Northern Ireland. In particular, the provisions in the Regulations relating to the LRF and its activities, including the production of a CRR, do not apply to responders in Northern Ireland. 4.22. However, the Category 1 responders are expected to carry out individual risk assessments in relation to their own functions, and in doing so, they should co-operate, as appropriate, with each other. The Category 2 responders should 4.16. also co-operate with the Category 1 responders as required.19 In carrying out their risk assessment, Category 1 responders must have regard to any assessment of which they are aware by one