a duty to protect the public from their misuse. Gun ownership is a privilege, not a right. Firearms control in GB is among the toughest in the world and, as a result, firearms offences continue to make up a small proportion of recorded crime. What kind of firearm can be held on certificate? 1.3 Some firearms and shot guns may be held on a firearm or shot gun certificate issued by the police. Low-powered air weapons are not licensed in England and Wales unless they are of a type declared specially dangerous by the Firearms (Dangerous Air Weapons) Rules 1969, but there are restrictions on their sale. An air weapon is Òspecially dangerousÓ if it is capable of discharging a missile with kinetic energy in excess, in the case of an air pistol, of 6 foot-pounds or, in the case of other air weapons,12 foot-pounds. ÒSpecially dangerousÓ air pistols (and certain other air weapons) are prohibited weapons and may not be held on certificate. See Chapters 10 and 11 (on firearm certificate procedure and shot gun certificate procedure) for further details. Can anyone apply for a firearm certificate? 1.4 Permission to possess, purchase or acquire a firearm will only be granted to an individual who is assessed by the licensing authority, the police, as not posing a threat to public safety and having good reason to own the firearm. Organisations such as target shooting clubs, museums and firearms dealers must also apply for licences if they wish to possess or use firearms. Persons who are sentenced to a term of imprisonment of three years or more cannot possess a firearm or ammunition (including antique firearms) at any time. 3 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law See Chapters 10 and 11 (on firearm certificate procedure and shot gun certificate procedure) for further details. Who authorises firearm and shot gun certificates? 1.5 The police are the licensing authority for firearm and shot gun certificates, as well as for firearms dealers. The authority rests with local police forces rather than a central licensing authority because of the local information that police will use to inform their judgement. Applications for authority to possess prohibited weapons, such as handguns, in England and Wales are determined by the Home Office on behalf of the Secretary of State. Applications for such authority in Scotland are determined by the Scottish Government on behalf of Scottish Ministers. See Chapters 10, 11 and 15 (on firearm and shot gun certificate procedure and on registration as a firearms dealer) for further details. What is a Ôgood reasonÕ to own a firearm? 1.6 Applicants should be able to demonstrate to the police that they require their firearm on a regular, legitimate basis for work, sport or leisure (including collections or research). Chief officers are able to exercise discretion over what constitutes a good reason, judging each case on its own merits. See Chapter 12 for further details. How are firearms stored? 1.7 The conditions of a firearm or shot gun certificate stipulate that