use of smartphones and social media platforms means that first reports of an incident appear increasingly often on social media. It is therefore important to be prepared to deliver two- way, real-time channels of communication where appropriate, and have a well-developed and well- coordinated media strategy ready to implement. A well-informed public is better able to respond to an emergency, whilst minimising the impact to the affected community. By informing the public (and staff) as best they can, all organisations may build their trust. This includes avoiding alarming the public unnecessarily. For further information, see social media in emergency situations. Back to Disaster victim identification overview Tags Civil emergencies Home Employing people Dismissing sta? and redundancies Solve a workplace dispute Overview Problems with your employer usually fall into one of two categories: grievances - when you raise your concerns, problems or complaints with your employer disciplinaries - when your employer has concerns about your work, conduct or absence Explain your concern to your manager to see if you can sort out any problems informally. You may find it helpful to suggest what you would like them to do to solve your problem. Your employer should discuss any disciplinary issues with you informally first. These issues could lead to formal disciplinary action, including dismissal in more serious or repetitive cases. Right to be accompanied You have the right to be accompanied to grievance or disciplinary meetings (and any appeals) by either a: colleague or trade union representative family member or Citizens Advice Bureau worker if this allowed - check your employment contract, company handbook or human resources intranet site Related content Joining a trade union Make a claim to an employment tribunal Next Formal procedures View a printable version of the whole guide Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Dismissing sta? and redundancies Redundancies, dismissals and disciplinaries Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved 24/03/2025 Specialist resources https://www.college.police.uk/app/civil-emergencies/civil-contingencies/specialist-resources Page Specialist resources This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 3 April 2024 Written by College of Policing Civil contingencies 9 mins read This section provides guidance on the specialist resources and capabilities that may be involved or activated during a major incident. For further information, see Chapter 3 of the Emergency Response and Recovery guidance. This outlines the roles and responsibilities of the main agencies and sectors that are likely to become engaged in the response to, and recovery from, emergencies at the local level. Further information on major incidents that involve fatalities can be found in