believing the purchaser to be eighteen or over Ð for example, by seeing credible proof of age. 56 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Deactivated firearms 7.37 Section 38(7) of the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006 defines a deactivated firearm as an Ôimitation firearmÕ: a firearm which has been rendered incapable of discharging a shot, bullet or other missile, (as opposed to a Ôrealistic imitation firearmÕ). Therefore by virtue of section 24A of the 1968 Act, a deactivated firearm must be bought by or sold to someone aged eighteen or over (see also paragraph 2.15). Arrangements for the storage of firearms held on a certificate by under 18s 7.38 Where a firearm certificate holder is under the age of eighteen, Rule 3(4)(iv)(c) of the Firearms Rules 1998 (as inserted by rule 2 of the Firearms (Amendment) (No.2) Rules 2019) requires arrangements to be made for an adult to assume responsibility for the secure storage of the firearms and ammunition to which the certificate relates. 7.39 The person assuming responsibility must be either the certificate holderÕs parent or guardian, or a person aged 18 or over who is authorised to have possession of such firearms and ammunition. It may not always be necessary for the parent or guardian to also have a firearms certificate if arrangements are made for the firearm to be secured in a cabinet with two separate locks which can only be opened when both key holders are present and one of the key holders is a certificate holder. 7.40 Rule 5 of the Firearms Rules 1998 makes similar provision in respect of shot guns held by a shot gun certificate holder who is under the age of 18. Again, the person assuming responsibility will either be the holderÕs parent or guardian, or a person aged 18 or over who is authorised to have possession of such shot guns 7.41 Police forces will add a condition on secure storage to certificates when an application for grant, variation or renewal is received in respect of a person aged under 18. 57 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 8: Antique firearms 8.1 Under section 58(2) of the 1968 Act, antique firearms which are sold, transferred, purchased, acquired or possessed as a curiosity or ornament are exempt from most of the controls in the 1968 Act, including the need for certification and being able to trade in them without being registered with the police as a firearms dealer. Previously, the Act did not define Òantique firearmÓ but section 126 of the Policing and Crime Act 2017 created a statutory definition of Òantique firearmÓ by inserting new subsections (2A) to (2H) into section 58, which define an antique firearm by reference to its date of manufacture, the type of cartridge it was designed to use, and by reference to its propulsion system. These descriptions are specified in the Antique Firearms Regulations 2021 (Òthe 2021 RegulationsÓ). The statutory definition 8.2 The requirement for an antique firearm to be sold, transferred, purchased, acquired or possessed