matters), in paragraph 4 (reference of complaints to the Commission), after sub-paragraph (7) insertÑ Ò(8) In a case whereÑ (a) a complaint relates to a direction and control matter, and (b) there is no obligation under this paragraph for the appropriate authority to refer the complaint to the Commission, the appropriate authority may refer the complaint to the Commission under this paragraph only if the Commission consents.Ó. 6 In consequence of paragraph 4Ñ (a) in section 10 (general functions of the Commission), omit subsection (8); (b) in section 13 (handling of complaints, conduct matters and DSI matters etc), omit Òsubject to section 14(1)Ó. 228 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 14 Ð Police: complaints Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Power of local policing body to direct chief officer of police to comply with obligations 7 In section 15 (general duties of local policing bodies, chief officers and inspectors), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) Subsection (2B) applies in a case where it appears to a local policing body thatÑ (a) an obligation to act or refrain from acting has arisen by or under this Part, (b) that obligation is an obligation of the chief officer of police of the police force which is maintained by the local policing body, and (c) the chief officer has not yet complied with that obligation, or has contravened it. (2B) The local policing body may direct the chief officer to take such steps as the local policing body thinks appropriate. (2C) The chief officer must comply with any direction given under subsection (2B).Ó. Initial handling and recording of complaints 8 (1) In Schedule 3 (handling of complaints and conduct matters), paragraph 2 (initial handling and recording of complaints) is amended in accordance with sub- paragraphs (2) to (5). (2) For sub-paragraph (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) Where a complaint is made to the Commission, it shall give notification of the complaint to the appropriate authority. (1A) But the Commission need not give that notification if the Commission considers that there are exceptional circumstances that justify its not being given.Ó. (3) Omit sub-paragraph (4). (4) In sub-paragraph (5)Ñ (a) in the words before sub-paragraph (a)Ñ (i) omit the words from Òor the CommissionÓ to Òsub-paragraph (4)Ó; (ii) omit Òor, as the case may be, the CommissionÓ; (b) omit sub-paragraph (b) (and the word ÒorÓ preceding it). F216(5) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (6) In consequence of the amendments made by sub-paragraphs (2) to (5)Ñ (a) in section 12(2) (complaints, matters and persons to which Part 2 applies), omit Ò, paragraph 2(4) of Schedule 3Ó; (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c.