surgical procedure to divide the scar tissue sealing the vaginal entrance in Type 3 FGM. De-infibulation is sometimes termed a ÔreversalÕ of FGM. This, however, is incorrect as it does not replace genital tissue or restore normal genital anatomy and function. Domestic Abuse Any incident or pattern of incidents of controlling, coercive or threatening behaviour, violence or abuse between those aged 16 or over who are or have been intimate partners or family members10 regardless of gender or sexuality. This can encompass, but is not limited to, the following types of abuse: • psychological • physical • sexual • financial • emotional Controlling behaviour is a range of acts designed to make a person subordinate and/or dependent by isolating them from sources of support, exploiting their resources and capacities for personal gain, depriving them of the means needed for independence, resistance and escape and regulating their everyday behaviour. Coercive behaviour is an act or a pattern of acts of assault, threats, humiliation and intimidation or other abuse that is used to harm, punish, or frighten their victim. The Government definition, which is not a legal definition, includes so called 'honourÕ based abuse, including FGM and forced marriage, and is clear that victims are not confined to one gender or ethnic group. Forced Marriage A forced marriage is a marriage in which one or both spouses do not (or, in the case of some adults with learning or physical disabilities or mental incapacity, cannot) consent to the marriage and violence, threats or any other form of coercion is involved. Coercion may include emotional force, physical force or the threat of physical force and financial pressure. Infibulation Infibulation (Type 3 FGM) is the narrowing of the vaginal opening through the creation of a covering seal. The seal is formed by cutting and repositioning the inner, or outer, labia. 10 Family members are: mother, father, son, daughter, brother, sister & grandparents; directly-related, in-laws or step-family. Re-infibulation or Re-Suturing Re-infibulation refers to the re-suturing (usually after childbirth) of the incised scar tissue in a woman with FGM Type 2 or 3. Significant Harm The Children Act 1989 introduced the concept of Ôsignificant harmÕ as the threshold that justifies compulsory intervention in family life in the best interests of children and young people. Harm is defined at section 31(9), Children Act 1989, whilst section 31(10) provides limited guidance as to what will be considered significant harm. Local authorities have a duty to make enquiries to decide whether they should take action to safeguard or promote the welfare of a child who is suffering, or likely to suffer, significant harm under section 47 of the Children Act 1989. The definition of harm at section 31(9) was amended by the Adoption and Children Act 2002 to include, Òfor example, impairment suffered from seeing or hearing the ill-treatment of anotherÓ. Note on the use of ÔvictimÕ: The term ÔvictimÕ is used in this document to denote women or girls who have undergone FGM. This term is used particularly