given will become more specific. Information should include an explanation of the immediate actions being taken by responders to minimise the risk to human or animal health and welfare, the environment or property; actions being taken by responders to assist the recovery phase, as well as the actions the public themselves can take to minimise the impact of the emergency and details of how further information can be obtained. 7.1. 7.45. It is also important for responders to communicate the end of the emergency and the return to normal arrangements. Good communication should be maintained in the recovery phase as people will require ongoing advice and information. Awareness 7.46. At national level, more information has been put in the public domain. The National Risk Register (http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/resource-library/national- risk-register) explains how the government regularly assesses the natural hazards and manmade threats that could affect the UK. It explains the likelihood of a risk occurring and possible effects of an emergency if it happens. 7.47. Generic advice to the public on how to prepare for emergencies is available as part of the Community Resilience Programme launched in March 2011. This programme aims to encourage individuals and communities to become more aware of the risks they face and think about what actions they could take 7.1. to reduce the impacts of emergencies and to make their community more resilient. More information about the Community Resilience Programme can be found at : www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/communityresilience. From time to time, government also undertakes national campaigns through TV and press advertising. 7.48. The DirectGov website has information for the general public on what to do to prepare for emergencies and, in the event of an emergency occurring, it can carry key messages and signpost the public to different relevant sites for further information. This can be found at www.direct.gov.uk/preparingforemergencies. 7.49. The key central advice in the event of an incident is summarised by the phrase ÒGo in, Stay in, Tune inÓ. This is targeted at those who are not involved in the incident, but are close by or believe themselves to be in danger. There will be occasions when this message is not applicable, and responders should be ready to give instruction on the best course of action to take in the circumstances. Box 7.2: Public information produced by central government and national bodies 7.50. Once Category 1 responders have identified the emergencies that will trigger their public communication duties through the risk assessment process (Chapter 4), they should consider what information is already in the public domain. This will help them determine what additional information from the risk assessments and plans they have made they should publish to meet the requirements of their duties. 28 7.51. The generic material is likely to be supported by the Community Risk Register (CRR) and Category 1 respondersÕ generic planning arrangements. Specific plans, prepared in relation to specific risks and also supported by the CRR, are likely to include a requirement for much more detailed advice to the public on what may