Force will not reimburse for loss or damage. These items should not be used in public view and media items should not be used to stream live broadcasted performances requiring a TV licence on a police site under any circumstances. Ring tones and alerts must not be loud, distasteful or offensive and consideration should be given to colleagues, particularly in a shared or open office, with tones set to silent where possible Tattoos The College of Policing (CoP) have amended its Appearance Standards National Guidance to state: Ôthat careful consideration will be given by the organisation to any tattoo on the neck, face or hands in deciding if it is acceptable. This includes considering the size, nature and prominence of the tattooÕ. One of the key priorities for Wiltshire Police is to have a diverse organisation that reflects a society that our officers and staff have a pleasure to police. In order to continue to attract and retain talent from all of our communities, it is important to embrace this diversity rather than place inhibitors and barriers which are historic and out of sync with social norms. The Chief Constable has amended WiltshireÕs policy guidelines on tattoos as he recognises that tattoos form part of many cultures and are becoming increasingly socially acceptable to express personality through body art and this tattoo policy echoes a modern society. Clearly a balance needs to be struck to ensure any such body art accords with the standards of policing. The guidelines within this policy apply equally to all Wiltshire staff, officers, police staff and volunteers, including those working in plain clothes roles when on duty. During the recruitment process for all employees of Wiltshire Police, the applicant will be required to identify existing visible tattoos. These tattoos will be evaluated by the Force and a decision on whether they meet the standards, will be made. Please note that tattoos will not be allowed on your face. It is worth noting that there will be automatic rejections to applications, both officers and police staff, should any tattoo be considered to be; discriminatory, offensive, undermine political neutrality i.e. rude, lewd, crude, racist, sexist, sectarian, homophobic or violent or not in accordance with the values of Wiltshire Police. This applies whether the tattoo is visible or not. You will be required to cover tattoos, when it is seen as appropriate for certain policing events, e.g. Royal visits, force funerals, remembrance parades and other ceremonial events. If you are thinking of getting a tattoo and are unsure whether it fits within this policy, you should get advice and authorisation from your line manager before undergoing the procedure. This is not to stifle anyoneÕs personal expression but is just to check and test that employees are not having offensive or insulting visible art work completed. Table of Contents Inappropriate Tattoos It is worth noting that there will be automatic rejections to applications, both officers and police staff, should any tattoo be considered to be; discriminatory, offensive, undermine political