blocks, it is likely that a more sophisticated form of warning and evacuation, possibly phased, should be provided. False alarms from electrical fire warning systems are a major problem (e.g. malicious activation of manual call points) and result in many unwanted calls to the fire and rescue service every year. To help reduce the number of false alarms, the design and location of activation devices should be reviewed against the way the premises are currently used. If you are not sure whether your current arrangements are adequate, see the additional guidance on fire warning systems in Part 2, Section 2. 20 3.4.2 Firefighting equipment and facilities Firefighting equipment can reduce the risk of a small fire, e.g. a fire in a waste-paper bin, developing into a large one. The safe use of an appropriate fire extinguisher to control a fire in its early stages can also significantly reduce the risk to other people in the premises by allowing people to assist others who are at risk. This equipment will usually comprise enough portable extinguishers that must be suitable for the risk. Main types of portable extinguishers, their uses and colour coding WATER For wood, paper, textile and solid material fires POWDER For liquid and electrical fires FOAM For use on liquid fires CARBON DIOXIDE (CO2 ) For liquid and electrical fires DO NOT USE on liquid, electrical or metal fires DO NOT USE on metal fires DO NOT USE on electrical or metal fires DO NOT USE on metal fires The contents of an extinguisher is indicated by a zone of colour on the red body. Halon extinguishers are not shown since no new Halon production is permitted in the UK Figure 8: Types of fire extinguishers In small premises, having one or two portable extinguishers of the appropriate type, readily available for use, may be all that is necessary. In larger, more complex premises, a number of portable extinguishers may be required and they should be sited in suitable locations, e.g. on the escape routes at each floor level. It may also be necessary to indicate the location of extinguishers by suitable signs. Some premises will also have permanently installed firefighting equipment such as hose reels for use by trained staff or firefighters. People with no training should not be expected to attempt to extinguish a fire. However, all staff should be familiar with the location and basic operating procedures for the equipment provided, in case they need to use it. If your fire strategy means that certain people, e.g. fire marshals, will be expected to take a more active role, then they should be provided with more comprehensive training. Other fixed installations and facilities to assist firefighters, such as dry rising mains and access for fire engines, or automatically operated, fixed fire suppression systems such as sprinklers and gas or foam flooding systems may also have been provided. Where these have been required by law, e.g. the Building Regulations or local Acts, such equipment and facilities must be