the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy, with intended minors in Law and Society and Business. She joined CPG in the Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Education Center and now serves as Assistant Education Center Director. Danielle's policy interests focus on addressing education inequality, specifically advancing equitable resource access and creating policies that effectively support underrepresented communities. Krislyn Michel ‘27, Center Director for Environmental & Technology Policy Krislyn Michel is a Public Policy major with an interest in specializing in environmental, data/technology, and social policy. She is also pursuing two minors respectively in Inequality Studies alongside Law and Society. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 and is interested in equitable approaches pollution, environmental racism, and consumer data protection. Outside of CPG, she is a member of various student dance groups, a campaign fellow for Students4NY, and serves as a student ambassador for the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy. In her free time, she enjoys thrifting, analyzing film and media, attending concerts, and cooking. Jack Turner ’26, Assistant Center Director for Environmental & Technology Policy Jack is a junior majoring in Public Policy, and joined CPG in Fall 2023. He is most interested in the intersection of transportation and infrastructure policy aimed at improving mobility for all. Outside of CPG, Jack loves to spend time outdoors, especially on a bike or through running. He is especially passionate about long-distance running and can frequently be found at the Cornell Running Club which he is the Co-VP of, or working in Rhodes Hall on a CUSD project team Bingsong Li ‘26, Center Director for Foreign Policy Bingsong Li is a junior studying Government and Information Science. Joining CPG as a foreign policy analyst in Spring 2022 and becoming Center Director in Spring 2023, Bing is fascinated by the intersection between foreign policy and technology. Bing conducts computational social sciences research in Bowers CIS and can also be found in Cornell Writing Centers, POLIS, and the Translator Interpretor Program. Olivia LaBonte ‘26, Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy Olivia is a junior, majoring in Government in the College of Arts and Sciences. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Center of Foreign Policy and now serves as the Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy. Olivia is interested in human rights, atrocity prevention, and security policy. Outside of CPG, she is a member of the Cornell University Parole Initiative Krystlove Yeboah ‘27, Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy Krystlove is Co-Assistant Center Director for Foreign Policy. She is a sophomore in the College of Arts and Sciences majoring in Government and Sociology. Outside of CPG, she is a Research Fellow for the Brooks School of Public Policy’s Center for Global Democracy and a Student Career Advisor. Her policy interests include civic engagement and economic development in Sub-Saharan Africa Kaitlyn Z Varriale ‘25, Center Director for Healthcare Policy Kaitlyn is a senior, majoring in Healthcare Policy in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in