and Coordination (MATAC) model is part of the Whole System Approach to Domestic Abuse piloted in the North East and Yorkshire. The model involves data analysis to identify high harm perpetrators who are then referred into a multi-agency panel to coordinate action including education, diversion, disruption, and enforcement to prevent abuse and reduce reoffending. Findings from 211 In Wales, refer also to the VAWDASV Perpetrator Service Standards. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance one force’s two-year evaluation indicate reductions in reoffending across different types of domestic abuse.212 Box 7.2: Case Study – Multi-agency working Coordinated Community Response Case Study A Coordinated Community Response (CCR) offers a comprehensive, inclusive and holistic approach to address domestic abuse and violence against women and girls, by bringing statutory, voluntary and community agencies and organisations alongside specialist 'by and for' services to prevent, identify and respond to the multiple and intersecting needs of victims and children who are subject to this oppression, while holding perpetrators to account. How partnership working can operate in practice: K described experiencing emotional abuse from her ex-partner throughout their three-year relationship and states that towards the end of the relationship there was a constant threat of physical violence and K felt that it was only a matter of time before he hit her. During the relationship, the perpetrator was very controlling and jealous. He would sometimes turn up unexpectedly when K was out with friends and always demanded to know what she was wearing, where she was going and who she was with. K described the perpetrator as sexually violent. He was very rough during sex. She did not consent to this and sometimes would cry afterwards – he did not care. The perpetrator had access to weapons and had experience in cyber security, so K was concerned that he may be tracking her or have access to her phone. K was very afraid of her ex-partner. After they separated, K’s ex-partner repeatedly contacted and harassed K and her friends and family. Initially, he contacted her every three to four days by phone. He also sent K unwanted messages and gifts on special occasions, despite K stating that she wished to have no further contact. As a result of the abuse, K was diagnosed as having post-traumatic stress disorder. She had been accessing private counselling but could not afford to keep doing this. K was referred to the Angelou Partnership’s lead, Advance213, who offered K support from an IDVA. The IDVA began supporting K and helped her create a safety plan. The plan included a referral to Rape Crisis and the Angelou Partnership’s Independent Sexual Violence Advisor (ISVA) service, provided by Solace Women’s Aid, to support K with her experience of sexual violence and abuse. The IDVA also referred K to a Woman’s Trust, for specialist domestic abuse counselling that was free for K to access. 212 Davies, P, Biddle, P. Domestic Abuse Serial Perpetrator Interventions. Multi Agency Tasking and Co-ordination (MATAC): Tackling perpetrators of domestic abuse. Evaluation – Final