used by the public if the stairways have been designed for the purpose. Further guidance is given in BS: 5395-2.26 However, they are not usually suitable for young children. Lifts Due to the danger of the power supplies to a lift being affected by a fire, lifts not specifically designed as ÔfirefightingÕ or ÔevacuationÕ lifts are not normally considered acceptable as a means of escape. However, where a lift and stairway for a means of escape are incorporated in a fire-resisting shaft which has a final exit from it at the access level and the lift has a separate electrical supply to that of the remainder of the building, than that lift subject to an agreed fire risk assessment, may be acceptable as a means of escape in case of fire. Lifts are housed in vertical shafts that interconnect floors and compartments, therefore precautions have to be taken to protect people from the risk of fire and smoke spreading from floor to floor via the lift shaft. Such precautions may include: • separating the lift from the remainder of the storey using fire-resisting construction and access via a fire door; • ensuring the lift shaft is situated in a protected enclosure which may also be a stairway enclosure; and • providing ventilation of at least 0.1m2 at the top of each lift-well to exhaust any smoke. Roof exits It may be reasonable for an escape route to cross a roof. Where this is the case, additional precautions will normally be necessary: • The roof should be flat and the route across it should be adequately defined and well- illuminated where necessary with normal electric and emergency escape lighting. The route should be non-slip and guarded with a protective barrier. • The escape route across the roof and its supporting structure should be constructed as a fire-resisting floor. • Where there are no alternatives other than to use a roof exit, any doors, windows, roof lights and ducting within 3m of the escape route should be fire-resisting. • Where an escape route passes through or across another personÕs property, you will need to have a robust legal agreement in place to allow its use at all times when people are on your premises. • The exit from the roof should be in, or lead to, a place of reasonable safety where people can quickly move to a place of total safety. A typical escape route across a roof is illustrated in Figure 41. External escape routes should receive routine inspection and maintenance to ensure they remain fit for use. You will need to ensure that any legal agreements in place cover access for maintenance of the escape route. Figure 41: An escape route across a roof Revolving doors, wicket doors, sliding doors and roller shutters Revolving doors should not normally be considered as escape doors unless the leaves fold outward to form a clear opening upon pressure from within or standard doors of the required exit width are provided next to