of a constable, a police officer of at least the rank of inspector; (b) where the closure order was made on the application of a local authority, that authority. (3) A police officer or local authority may make an application under this section only if satisfied on reasonable grounds that it is necessary for the period of the order to be extended to prevent the occurrence, recurrence or continuance ofÑ (a) disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, (b) serious nuisance to members of the public resulting from the use of the premises, or (c) disorder near the premises associated with the use of the premises, and also satisfied that the appropriate consultee has been consulted about the intention to make the application. (4) In subsection (3) Òthe appropriate consulteeÓ meansÑ (a) the local authority, in the case of an application by a police officer; (b) the chief officer of police for the area in which the premises are situated, in the case of an application by a local authority. (5) Where an application is made under this section, the justice of the peace may issue a summons directed toÑ (a) any person on whom the closure notice was served under section 79, or (b) any other person who appears to the justice to have an interest in the premises but on whom the closure notice was not served, requiring the person to appear before the magistrates' court to respond to the application. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 59 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) If a summons is issued under subsection (5), a notice stating the date, time and place of the hearing of the application must be served on the persons to whom the summons is directed. (7) If the magistrates' court is satisfied as mentioned in subsection (3)(a), (b) or (c), it may make an order extending (or further extending) the period of the closure order by a period not exceeding 3 months. (8) The period of a closure order may not be extended so that the order lasts for more than 6 months. 83 Discharge of closure orders (1) At any time before the expiry of a closure order, an application may be made to a justice of the peace, by complaint, for the order to be discharged. (2) Those entitled to make an application under this section areÑ (a) a constable, where the closure order was made on the application