"Sometimes the investigation turns up nothing because, simply, there is nothing. Just because an inquiry was started does not mean that there is a crime", one commissioner points out. "There's plenty of revenge-hotline", according to the agents, who claim that people use the Public Security Office's "Crime-hotline" in order to harm someone because of some conflict or personal enmity. However, police officers were unanimous in considering that the biggest difficulty in "human trafficking" cases is that "victims" don't see themselves as such, which reveals that authorities assign them the co-responsibility for elucidating (or not) the crime. As one of the agents put it: "usually the victims deny everything. They don't deny it only when they are very badly harmed. Then they come clean. But usually they deny it, because they do well out of it." One commissioner claims not to like to work with this type of crime because no one wants to cooperate with the investigation. He says the "victims" are a sort of "accomplice to the crime", that is, they collude with and protect the criminal. He states that the "victim" is almost always aware of the risks, chooses to engage in sex work and wants to go abroad where she has the opportunity to earn more. Thus, they seek to differentiate the reality of "human traf- ficking" found in police investigations from the idealized representations according to which "trafficked persons" would be deceived as to the purpose of their dislocation and/or forced into prostitution, emphasizing their consent and agency in order to deconstruct the idea of violence, even when they acknowledge the "typical conduct", that is, defined and criminalized in criminal law. However, instead of discussing the agency of alleged "victims" in their migratory and mobility projects, as empha- sized by some academic research on the subject and as noted by the police officers, we want to propose a different analytical focus and consider their agency in the face of state administrative apparatuses. This implies, on the one hand, taking into account the foucauldian suggestion that subjects are constituted ("subjectified") amidst a multi- plicity of correlations of force, through dynamics of subjection and resistance, both of which are equally important in thinking about the notion of agency (Mahmood, 2006). On the other hand, one must remember that, in state bu- reaucracies, documents are privileged means of diffusing responsibility and of producing collective agency (Hull, 2012b), or, in this case, an agency shared between documenting agents and documented persons. Without losing sight of the asymmetrical nature of this relationship in analyzing individual performances, the possi- bility of observing interactions between individuals and the "State" (as an administrative apparatus) means that the Federal Police, as a field for research, is a productive space in which to further the reflection on the potentialities of the concept of agency. Agency here is never understood as free will and not necessarily viewed as resistance, but rather "in an anthropological sense, as the socially and culturally mediated capacity for action" (Piscitelli, 2013, p.