Furthermore, the need for explicit authorization also made clear a key as- pect of the way in which bureaucratic organizations work: the imposition both of uncertainty and of waiting as an efficacious resource of power (cf. Hoag, 2011, p.86). Additionally, reading the short sentence that, at last, authorized the research presented the anthropologist with "an ethnographic fact even before reaching the 'field'" (Peirano, 2009, p.54). Reading documents became not only a rou- tine activity, but also an involving datum of the then-beginning fieldwork. Though the request had been deposited in an SDP drawer, from which it was only removed for inspection once, other papers, organized as VPIs, were rou- tinely removed from drawers and systematically read, transcribed and handled by the researcher. These acts, though very similar to what the police officers themselves did everyday, were seen by inspector Fernando and his col- leagues as almost opposite tasks to what could be seen there, should the anthropologist have decided to observe the sector's day-to-day routine. At the initial negotiation regarding the fieldwork routine, held between the researcher and inspector Fernando, the latter presented "observation" and "dealing with documents" as opposite options in terms of the effects they could produce on the SDP day-to-day routine. Immediately after the researcher stated that she intended to "observe the sector's day-to-day routine and talk with police officers", the inspector warned her: "that word observe will cause you trouble". According to Fernando, talking to police officers and observing their work would lead her to a cross- roads: either they would tell her what they do and ought to do in an idealized way and she would write something "pretty, but unrealistic", or she would write about what actually happens in a police unit, producing "realistic" work, but drawing the officers' animosity. He suggested, as a (in his words) "great alternative" to circumvent the cross- roads, that she turn her attention to the papers received, produced and stored in the SDP's drawers and lockers, what he and his colleagues referred to as "our archives". Research with documents, said Fernando, would be "easi- er". By referring to documentary research as a "great alternative", "easier" because it was dissociated from what was "real" in the day-to-day SDP activities, inspector Fernando expressed a graphic ideology (cf. Hull, 2012b) common among bureaucrats and other documenters. These agents "much like scientists, claim to represent, engage with, or constitute realities 'in the world' independent from the processes that produce documents." (Ib, 2012b, p.5). For Fernando, after all, while the researcher was dealing with documents produced and handled by himself and his col- leagues, she would not be observing what they "really" do. Furthermore, if this graphic ideology is present among all kinds of documenters, for SDP police officers specifically it is reinforced by two characteristics of the papers with which they deal. First, their status as administrative procedures and the lack of importance that follows from it. Sec- ond, the incongruence between material elements and narrative conventions present in these papers and