(2). Those powers and duties are— those that are conferred or imposed by or under this Part; and those that are otherwise conferred or imposed but relate to— the handling of complaints; the means by which recordable conduct matters [F275or DSI matters] are dealt with; or the detection or deterrence of misconduct by persons serving with the police. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 51 Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Before issuing any guidance under this section, the [F273Director General] shall consult with— [F276[F277(a) such persons as appear to the [F273Director General] to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (aa) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (ab) the Common Council;] [F278the National Police Chiefs' Council]; and] such other persons as [F279the Director General] thinks fit. The approval of the Secretary of State shall be required for the issue by the [F273Director General] of any guidance under this section. Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this section, the guidance that may be issued under this section includes— guidance about the handling of complaints which have not yet been recorded and about dealing with recordable conduct matters [F280or DSI matters] that have not been recorded; guidance about the procedure to be followed by the appropriate authority when recording a complaint or any recordable conduct matter [F281or DSI matter]; F282(c) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . guidance about how to protect the scene of an incident or alleged incident which— is or may become the subject-matter of a complaint; or is or may involve a recordable conduct matter [F281or DSI matter]; guidance about the circumstances in which it is appropriate (where it is lawful to do so)— to disclose to any person, or to publish, any information about an investigation of a complaint [F283, conduct matter or DSI matter]; or to provide any person with, or to publish, any report or other document relating to such an investigation; F284(f) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Nothing in this section shall authorise the issuing of any guidance about a particular case. It shall be the duty of every person to whom any guidance under this section is issued to have regard to that guidance in exercising or performing the