(c. 26) Schedule 1 – Schedule to the Street Offences Act 1959 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes SCHEDULES SCHEDULE 1 Section 17(4) Schedule to the Street Offences Act 1959 “SCHEDULE Section 1A(11) ORDERS UNDER SECTION 1(2A): BREACH, AMENDMENT ETC. Part 1 Preliminary Interpretation and application (1) This Schedule applies to an order made under section 1(2A). In this Schedule, in relation to the order— “the offender” means the person in respect of whom the order was made; “the supervisor” means the person for the time being specified as the supervisor in the order. For the purposes of this Schedule, the offender fails to comply with the order if the offender fails to attend any of the three meetings mentioned in section 1(2A) at the time and place determined by the supervisor. Part 2 Breach of requirement of order Breach of requirement of order (1) If the supervisor is of the opinion that the offender has failed without reasonable excuse to comply with the order, the supervisor must cause an information to be laid before a justice of the peace in respect of the failure. If it appears on information to the justice of the peace that the offender has failed to comply with the order, the justice may issue a summons requiring the offender to appear at the place and time specified in it. Any such summons must direct the offender to appear before— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 1 – Schedule to the Street Offences Act 1959 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 145 a youth court acting in the relevant local justice area, if the offender is under the age of 18, or a magistrates' court (other than a youth court) acting in the relevant local justice area, if the offender is aged 18 or over. In sub-paragraph (3) “the relevant local justice area” means— the local justice area for the time being specified in the order, or if it appears to the justice of the peace that the offender resides in another local justice area, that local justice area. Failure to answer to a summons (1) This paragraph applies where the offender does