Setting aside this introduction, Part 2 deals with the application to private individualsÕ ownership of firearms, Parts 3 to 6 cover the more specialised areas (possession for professional purposes, firearms dealers, clubs, museums and collections) and Part 7 looks at security considerations for transport. Technical specifications are given in the Annexes. 1.10 The following abbreviations are used in this document: FA1968 = Firearms Act 1968 F(A)A1988 = Firearms (Amendment) Act1988 F(A)A1997 = Firearms (Amendment) Act 1997 PART 2 Ð SECTIONS 1 AND 2 FIREARMS (FA1968) 2.1 The security of firearms, section 1 ammunition and shotguns within a dwelling can in most cases be achieved using a cabinet designed for this purpose. New cabinets should conform to the requirements of BS7558 (1992) (see Annex C for examples on points of construction). The cabinet should be fixed to the structure and located to frustrate attack or identification by persons visiting the premises. Many older cabinets will be built to perfectly satisfactory standards and if satisfactory, need not be replaced. 2.2 As an additional level of security, ammunition and easily removable component parts Ð such as rifle bolts etc. - may be stored separately from the firearms they fit. This could be either by use of a detached storage container fitted elsewhere in the dwelling, or one built into or onto the firearms cabinet. Constructed to the same standard as the gun cabinet under BS7558 (1992). 2.3 Security should involve the physical securing of the firearms, and the process to manage access control, such as security of keys. This maybe especially important if there are children at the premises. 2.4 Security should not be located so inaccessibly as to deter the certificate holder from securing his or her guns after use. 2.5 Under most circumstances, it is preferable that firearms should be secured within the occupied part of the structure. Separate, detached buildings, or those attached but having only external access (e.g. outhouses, garages etc.) should not be used unless the levels of security meet the standard. If used, these should also be protected by an intruder alarm linked to the household to BS EN 50131. 2.6 In some homes it might be acceptable to place the cabinet in a garage. If this is done it should be secured to 2.36 to 2.46. 2.7 If the certificate holderÕs dwelling is a mobile home or static caravan, a different set of security concepts should be adopted (see paragraphs 2.25 to 2.35). These are primarily concerned with the anchorage of the structure. That structure's capability to store items securely may well require an interim layer of security to 'target harden' the unit. It is unlikely that a gunroom can satisfactorily be constructed within such a dwelling or unit of this type. 2.8 There is a need to consider other alternatives for unusual firearms such as Punt Guns, cannon etc. In these cases, such items need to be secured in buildings other than the dwelling. Suitable securing points may be required where the situation or construction