grant a permit to any person in respect of whom they have reason to believe: (a) that their possession of the weapons or ammunition in question would represent a danger to the public safety or to the peace; or (b) that they are prohibited by the 1968 Act from possessing them (for example, a person to whom section 21 of the 1968 Act applies). Convictions outside of the UK do not count towards this statutory prohibition but will be relevant to (a). 26.10 If the grant of a permit is not precluded on the above grounds, chief officers of police must satisfy themselves that: (a) the applicant is visiting or intends to visit Great Britain; and either (b) in the case of a visitorﾃ不 firearm permit, the applicant has a good reason for having each firearm and the ammunition to which the permit relates in their possession, or, as respects ammunition, for purchasing or acquiring it, while they are a visitor to Great Britain; or (c) in the case of a visitorﾃ不 shot gun permit, that the applicant has a good reason for having each shot gun to which the permit relates in their possession, or for purchasing or acquiring it, while they are a visitor to Great Britain (and where the applicant wishes to purchase or acquire a shot gun with a magazine, that they satisfy the criteria listed at paragraphs 26.21 to 26.25 below). A shot gun with a magazine means a shot gun which has a non-detachable magazine incapable of holding more than two shots, in accordance with section 1(3)(a) of the 1968 Act (as amended). 26.11 The information required to reach a decision on an application will be supplied by the sponsor, to whom all enquiries should be directed. Generally, it will be neither practicable nor appropriate to make detailed enquiries into a visitorﾃ不 fitness to hold a firearm. It will normally be sufficient to see a copy of any current firearm 193 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law certificate, hunting licence or membership card of a shooting organisation issued to an applicant in their own country. Police forces may consider accepting a European Firearms Pass in support of applications from EU citizens. The verification by the sponsor of the event, if any, to be attended will normally enable the chief officer of police to be satisfied as to the applicantﾃ不 good reason. 26.12 Applicants who wish to purchase a shot gun should similarly be able to provide a good reason for the purchase or acquisition of each gun, for example evidence of the event or events at which it is to be used. Application to purchase a shot gun should be made on the original application for a permit, using the space provided on the form. Applicants who wish to purchase a shot gun but who do not intend to use it in Great Britain should be directed to take advantage of section 18 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. This provision allows persons to purchase