decision whether to interview or not should be considered in light of all available information and the reccomendations of a multi-agency strategy meeting if one is held. Where a muliti-agency strategy endorses a decision to interview a child it will usually be conducted jointly by approrpiately trained police officers and social workers. Interview Adviser As with all major crime enquiries it is recommened that an interview adviser is deployed to the investigation. Each child witness, their respective standing in the enquiry, and their specific communication needs should be considered individually within the interview strategy for the investigation.2 A child witness may also be a significant witness. Multi-Agency Strategy Meetings Whenever consideration is given to interviewing a child witness, contact should be made with ChildrenÕs Social Services and the matter discussed. A multi- agency startegy meeting may be called by social services in order to assess any ongoing risk to the child.3 Whether a strategy meeting is held or not, a clear interview plan for the child must be recorded. It is often beneficial for the SIO to utilise local child protection officers in such situations, working at the direction of the SIO and in consultation with the interview adviser.4 Additional Communication Needs Some children may have additional vulnerabilities. An intermediary should always be considered, prior to any interview taking place, if there are communication issues with the child, such as with very young children, or children with any mental or physical disorder or disability which affects their ability to communicate.5 Urgency On occasions there may be significant investigative necessity for an early, if not immediate, approach to a child, especially in time-critical cases where the childÕs information can fuel fast track actions. In these circumstances there will not be time to hold a strategy meeting. In such cases the officers attending should ideally be child protection trained officers and be clearly briefed that a full investigative interview will follow in due course and that their immediate remit 2 If the enquiry concerns the apparent organised abuse of numerous children by multiple suspects the local complex abuse protocols should be followed when approaching and interviewing potential victims and witnesses. 3 Strategy Meeting protocols are laid out in the government publication ÔWorking Together to Safeguard ChildrenÕ. http://www.education.gov.uk/publications/standard/publicationdetail/page1/DCSF-00305-2010 4 Such strategy meetings are NOT confined to office hours only Ð all social services departments with a responsibility for child protection must provide a 24 hour duty service, seven days a week. is to capture the key information only, by means of question and answer, using appropriate open questions.6 The officers should seek the consent of the childÕs parent or guardian before the child is approached.7 Detailed notes of the location, time, date, who was present and exactly what was said must be recorded at the time. Suggestibility Children are especially vulnerable to suggestibility, and the SIO should be aware of contamination by either inappropriate questioning or by the influence of others. The logistics of interviewing several children and/or their carers who have witnessed