Turn in NYC’s Fare Evasion Crackdown Raises Question: Is It Worth It?” Gothamist, September 20, 2024. https://gothamist.com/news/bloody- turn-in-nycs-fare-evasion- crackdown-raises-question-is-it- worth-it. Ley, Ana. “Fare Evasion Surges on N.Y.C. Buses, Where 48% of Riders Fail to Pay.” The New York Times, August 26, 2024, sec. New York. https://www.nytimes.com/2024/08/ 26/nyregion/nyc-bus-subway-fare- evasion.html. “New York City Metro Area Subway-Train Advertising - Ads on PATH and New Jersey Transit Subways-Trains.” Blue Line Media. Accessed December 2, 2024. https://www.bluelinemedia.com/sub way-advertising/new-york-city-ny. Osman, Marc. “Economic Impact of Public Transit.” American Public Transportation Association (blog). Accessed December 2, 2024. https://www.apta.com/research- technical-resources/economic- impact-of-public-transit/. Education Policy Director: Sejal Sekhar Assistant Director: Danielle Berkowitz Analysts: Reagan Allvin, Jaiden Fisher-Dayn, Claudia Nesin, Ben Nusbaum, Abigail Silverman, and Sanshray Singh Eliminating Mandated Seniority-Based Teacher Layoffs in New York State to Ensure Educational Equity By Reagan Allvin, rra49@cornell.edu New York enforces a “last-in, first-out” policy by laying off new teachers first for firing public school teachers, threatening the careers of early-career educators and disrupting the classroom environment. Eliminating this mandate will maintain a diverse, supportive teacher workforce. Background Throughout the pandemic, states have spent a disproportionate amount of federal funds on hiring new teachers due to the influx of funding provided by the Elementary and Secondary School Emergency Relief Fund (ESSER).1 One estimate records that 20% of ESSER funds were spent on staffing. Despite the current teacher shortage, economists predict a sharp increase in layoffs as ESSER spending is cut off in the upcoming years.2 Ideally, teacher layoffs would not be necessary, allowing for an environment of mentorship between new and experienced educators. However, just as emergency funding created budget space for new educators, its absence leaves teacher reduction as the most commonly predicted budget cut among district leaders3. In the state of New York, this prediction has the potential for dire consequences. New York currently mandates a layoff policy in which teachers must be fired in the order of reverse seniority.4,5 However, this perspective is outdated and ignores current research. Frequently laying off less experienced teachers produces equity issues through widening the achievement gap. People of color are approximately 45% more likely to be early-career teachers, which disproportionately serve low- income communities and minority students.6,7 Students experiencing high teacher turnover score lower in both reading and math, especially if they were already low-performing.6 A diverse teacher workforce supports students across the board, with teachers of color significantly increasing math and reading scores alongside feelings of self-efficacy among students.8 New York threatens this potential by placing seniority at paramount importance in the face of a possible wave of layoffs while failing to consider that in doing so, they also remove teachers of color from the classroom.6 Policy Idea To resolve issues stemming from seniority-based layoffs, the New York state government should modify existing legislation. Articles 2510 and 2588 of New York State education law require teachers with the least seniority, including years of substitute and paraprofessional experience, to be laid off first in the case of a position termination.4,5 State legislators should modify the sections of