sought. No search may continue once the appropriate person is satisfied that whatever is being sought is not on the premises. This does not prevent the issue of further search warrants in respect of the same premises if additional grounds come to light. Examples would be when, as a result of new information, it is believed that articles previously not found or additional articles are on the premises. 97. Searches should be conducted with due consideration for the property and privacy of the o w n e r o r occupier of the premises searched, and with no more disturbance than necessary. The owner, occupier or person entitled to grant access must be asked whether he or she wishes a friend, neighbour or other person to witness the search. That person must be allowed to do so unless the appropriate person has reasonable grounds for believing that the presence of the person asked for would seriously hinder the investigation, or endanger persons present. A search need not be unreasonably delayed for this purpose. A record of the action taken under this paragraph, including the grounds for refusing a request from the owner, occupier or person entitled to grant access, must be made on the premises search record (see below). This requirement also relates to business and commercial properties if practicable, as well as private addresses. 98. A person is not required to be cautioned prior to being asked questions that are solely necessary for the purpose of furthering the proper and effective conduct of a search. Examples would include questions to discover the identity of the owner, occupier or person entitled to grant access to specified premises, to find a key to open a locked drawer or cupboard, or to otherwise seek co- operation during the search. Leaving premises 99. The appropriate person should, before leaving the premises, be satisfied that they are secure either by arranging for the owner or occupier or person entitled to grant access or their agent to be present or by any other appropriate means. 1. Seizure of material 100. An appropriate person may seize: • material covered by the warrant (being either material specifically mentioned or where there were reasonable grounds for believing that there was material falling within section 353(7) on the premises); • anything covered by the powers in Part 2 of the CJPA which allow an appropriate person to seize property from premises where it is not reasonably practicable to determine on the premises whether he is entitled to seize it and retain it for sifting or examination in secure conditions elsewhere; and • anything that the appropriate person has the power to seize not covered by the warrant which is discovered during the course of the search (for example seizure of cash under section 294). However, this is incidental to the search powers and a warrant should not be applied for to search for material other than that specified in the application. Regard should be had to the codes relevant