of Habitats and Species Regulations 2017 (schedule 4), Blue (mountain) hares cannot lawfully be shot with automatic or semi-automatic weapons with a magazine capable of holding more than two rounds of ammunition. Under the Game Act 1831, hares cannot be shot on a Sunday or Christmas Day. Scotland 13.56 On 1 March 2021, mountain hare was added to Schedule 5 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 (as amended) and so have full protection. This means, for example, that anyone who intentionally or recklessly kills, injures or takes mountain hare without a licence will be acting unlawfully. A new licensing scheme for mountain hare is now available for persons wanting to kill or take mountain hare: Hares and licensing | NatureScot. Please note the legislative requirements for brown hare have not changed. 128 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 13.57 In Scotland it is an offence to intentionally or recklessly kill, injure or take brown hare in their close season as per sections 10A and 10B of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, as inserted by the Wildlife and Natural Environment (Scotland) Act 2011. It is possible to obtain a licence to control brown hare during their close season. The close season for brown hare is 1 February Ð 30 September inclusive. The close season may be varied by Scottish Ministerial order. 13.58 Defences are available for shooting in the close season Ð mercy killing, rehabilitation, or to prevent serious damage to property (including growing timber and crops) Ð although restrictions apply. 13.59 Poaching hares and rabbits is further legislated for in Scotland Ð it is illegal to intentionally or recklessly kill, injure or take brown hare and rabbit unless you have the right to do so or the permission of someone with the right to do so. 13.60 There is a defence if the animal is disabled and will not recover, provided the injury to the animal was not caused by the illegal act of the person killing the disabled animal. 13.61 It is also illegal to kill or take mountain hare using semi-automatic or automatic weapons with a magazine capable of holding more than two rounds of ammunition without a licence since this animal is listed on Schedule 3 of the Conservation (Natural Habitats, &c.) Regulations 1994 (as amended in Scotland). Night Shooting of Ground Game 13.62 The relevant provisions are: England and Wales 13.63 The use of firearms at night for shooting ground game is prohibited under section 6 of the Ground Game Act 1880 Ð night-time is between the expiration of the first hour after sunset and the last hour before sunrise. Schedule 7 of the Wildlife & Countryside Act 1981 provides an exemption for occupiers of land, or one other person authorised by them, to use firearms at night for the purpose of killing ground game if the occupier has the written authority of a person entitled to kill or take the ground game on that land, that is the holder of the shooting rights. Scotland