exhausted their paid leave entitlement. Individuals must advise RMU in order that the abstraction can be recorded on GRS. Payroll must also be notified so that appropriate adjustments to pay can be made. Please be aware that taking Unpaid Leave will impact your pensionable service. Any period of unpaid leave will not count towards your pension. For further information please contact the Payroll Helpdesk. REMOVAL LEAVE Where a member of staff is ÒrequiredÓ to relocate as a Ôpaid moveÕ, either on initial appointment or whilst serving in the force, three days removal leave will be granted, exclusive of rest days. Removal leave is not available to staff who personally decide to move house. RELEASE FOR POLICE SPECIAL DUTIES Wiltshire Police aim to support individuals who are Special Constables. The force will allow 10 days per year for full-time staff, pro-rata for part time staff, for training and operational exigencies associated with being a special constable. Applications should be made to an employeeÕs line manager for approval. Employees must provide at least 14 daysÕ notice of the time off requested. The force appreciates that operational emergency requirements are not always planned in advance, but in most circumstances adequate notice will be given. Any abuse of the right to take time off for these duties may result in disciplinary action being taken under the disciplinary procedures for police staff. Individuals must advise RMU in order that the abstraction can be recorded on GRS. RELEASE FOR SPORT EVENTS Participation in sport has huge benefits for physical and mental wellbeing and are an opportunity for staff to represent the Force with pride and meet colleagues from other Forces across the country. Line Managers may authorise paid time off to a member of staff who is representing Wiltshire Police at a sporting event up to a maximum of two days, or equivalent contracted hours, per leave year. Duties will not be changed to facilitate on-duty attendance and time off will not be granted if any overtime payments to other staff are reasonably foreseeable as a consequence. Time off for sport, whether paid or unpaid, will always be subject to the exigencies of the service and staff are expected to participate in their own time if this coincides with the day of the event. The options for shift changes or granting outstanding time off will be considered in the first instance, as with any other request for time off. All sport leave abstractions from duty strength must be recorded on GRS by the RMU and will only be entered once approved by their line manager. Please note: An injury received at any sport or game will not be regarded as an injury on duty unless the sporting activity is part of a training programme or otherwise carried out in duty time under a specific order (e.g. PSU training). RELEASE FOR COMMUNITY / VOLUNTEERING LEAVE Wiltshire Police and the OPCC value the importance of volunteering, both to the community and to employees. Wiltshire Police and the OPCC