to a conventional fire alarm. Voice alarms are therefore becoming increasingly popular and can also incorporate a public address facility. The message or messages sent must be carefully considered. It is therefore essential to ensure that voice- alarm systems are designed and installed by a person with specialist knowledge of these systems. Schematic plan In order to quickly determine where a fire has been detected, you should consider displaying a schematic plan showing fire alarm zones in a multi-zoned system adjacent to the control panel. 2.1 Manual call points Manual call points, often known as Ôbreak- glassÕ call points, enable a person who discovers a fire to immediately raise the alarm and warn other people in the premises of the danger. People leaving a building because of a fire will normally leave by the way they entered. Consequently, manual call points are normally positioned at exits and storey exits that people may reasonably be expected to use in case of fire, not just those designated as fire exits. However it is not necessary in every case to provide call points at every exit. Manual call points should normally be positioned so that, taking into account all fixtures and fittings, machinery and stock are in place, no one should have to travel more than 45m to the nearest alarm point. This distance may need to be less if your premises cater for people of limited mobility or there are particularly hazardous areas. They should be conspicuous (red), fitted at a height of about 1.4m (or less for premises with a significant number of wheelchair users), and not in an area likely to be obstructed. 2.2 Automatic fire detection Automatic fire detection may be needed for a number of reasons. These can include: • if you have areas where people are isolated or remote and could become trapped by a fire because they are unaware of its development, such as lone workers; • if you have areas where a fire can develop unobserved (e.g. storerooms); • as a compensating feature, e.g. for inadequate structural fire protection, in dead-ends or where there are extended travel distances; and • where smoke control and ventilation systems are controlled by the automatic fire-detection system. If you have an automatic fire detection system, the system should: • be designed to accommodate the emergency evacuation procedure; • give an automatic indication of the fire warning and its location. If the indicator panel is located in a part of the premises other than the control point (for example, to the secretaryÕs office) there should ideally be a repeater panel sited in the control point; • be maintained and tested by a competent person; and • communicate with a central control room (if you have one). New automatic fire detection systems should be designed and installed by a competent person. Further guidance is given in BS 5839-116 or a more recent standard where applicable. Where the public address system is part of the fire warning system it should be connected