vetting code of practiceÓ). (1) 6 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 4B Ð Vetting code of practice Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (2) The chief constable must prepare the vetting code of practice as soon as is reasonably practicable after section 4 of the Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 comes into force butÑ (a) the chief constable is not to carry out any consultation under section 36D(1) until the chief constable has, in accordance with section 54(2)(a)(i), received a draft of the first set of regulations to be made under section 48 in pursuance of section 50A (ongoing vetting of constables), (b) the vetting code of practice does not have effect until those regulations come into force. (3) In this section, ÒvettingÓ is an assessment as to a personÕs suitability, having regard, insofar as they relate to the ethical standards and behaviour expected of constables or (as the case may be) police staff, to the personÕs character and personal circumstances, toÑ (a) hold the office of constable or a particular rank or role, (b) be a member of police staff or to hold a particular role as a member of police staff. (4) The vetting code of practice must, in respect of the vetting of police staff, provide forÑ (a) a person to undergo vettingÑ (i) periodically, and (ii) if a reason to do so arises, (b) circumstances in which a person who has undergone vetting is to beÑ (i) required to comply with conditions (including as to the person's personal circumstances), (ii) redeployed, (iii) demoted, (iv) dismissed (with or without notice). (5) Provision in the vetting code of practice about the vetting of constables and police staff must include provision about the types of evidence required to demonstrate that the person who has undergone vetting is not suitable toÑ (a) hold the office of constable or a particular rank or role, (b) be a member of police staff or to hold a particular role as a member of police staff. (6) The vetting code of practice must include provision for written reasons to be provided if, as a result of the vetting of constables and police staff, a person who has undergone vetting is to beÑ (a) required to comply with conditions (including as to the personÕs personal circumstances), (b) redeployed, (c) demoted, (d) dismissed (with or without notice). (7) Provision in the vetting code of practice about the vetting of constables and police staff may, in particular, include provision aboutÑ (a) the frequency of vetting of a person (but see also section 50A(2)(c)), (a) Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 7 Chapter 4B Ð Vetting code of practice Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format.