appears to him to be appropriate. The Secretary of State may exclude from publication under subsection (1) above any part of a report if, in his opinion, the publication of that part— would be against the interests of national security; or might jeopardise the safety of any person. The Secretary of State shall— send a copy of the published report to the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police; and invite the chief constable to submit comments on the published report to the Secretary of State before such date as the Secretary of State may specify. The Secretary of State shall arrange for— any comments submitted by the chief constable in accordance with subsection (3) above, and any response that the Secretary of State may prepare to the published report or to any comments submitted by the chief constable, to be published in such manner as he considers appropriate.” Exemptions from firearms legislation After section 16A of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 (c. 45) there shall be inserted— “16B Possession of firearms on Ministry of Defence Police premises A person who is being trained or assessed in the use of firearms under the supervision of a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may, without holding a certificate or obtaining the authority of the Secretary of State under section 5 of the principal Act, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition on relevant premises for the purposes of the training or assessment. In this section “relevant premises” means premises used for any purpose of the Ministry of Defence Police.” [F506After Article 12A of the Firearms (Northern Ireland) Order 1981 (S.I. 1981/155 (N.I. 2)) there is inserted— 12B “ Possession of firearms on Ministry of Defence Police premises A person who is being trained or assessed in the use of firearms under the supervision of a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may, without holding a firearm certificate or obtaining the authority of the Secretary of State under Article 6, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition on relevant premises for the purposes of the training or assessment. 132 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 6 – Miscellaneous Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In this Article “relevant premises” means premises used for any purpose of the Ministry of Defence Police.”] Part 6 Miscellaneous Appointment and attestation of police officers etc. Nationality requirements applicable to police officers etc. Irrespective of his place of birth, a person of any nationality may be— a member of a police force maintained