others as a group. In this section “ violence ” includes a threat of violence. [F11(7) In this Part “ drug-dealing activity ” means— the unlawful production, supply, importation or exportation of a controlled drug, or the unlawful production, supply, importation or exportation of a psychoactive substance. In subsection (7)— in paragraph (a), “production”, “supply” and “controlled drug” have the meaning given by section 37(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971; in paragraph (b), “production”, “supply” and “psychoactive substance” have the meaning given by section 59 of the Psychoactive Substances Act 2016.]] Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 31 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Contents of injunctions Contents of injunctions This section applies in relation to an injunction under section 34. The prohibitions included in the injunction may, in particular, have the effect of prohibiting the respondent from— being in a particular place; being with particular persons in a particular place; being in charge of a particular species of animal in a particular place; wearing particular descriptions of articles of clothing in a particular place; using the internet to facilitate or encourage violence [F12or drug-dealing activity]. The requirements included in the injunction may, in particular, have the effect of requiring the respondent to— notify the person who applied for the injunction of the respondent's address and of any change to that address; be at a particular place between particular times on particular days; present himself or herself to a particular person at a place where he or she is required to be between particular times on particular days; participate in particular activities between particular times on particular days. A requirement of the kind mentioned in subsection (3)(b) may not be such as to require the respondent to be at a particular place for more than 8 hours in any day. The prohibitions and requirements included in the injunction must, so far as practicable, be such as to avoid— any conflict with the respondent's religious beliefs, and any interference with the times, if any, at which the respondent normally works or attends any educational establishment. Nothing in subsection (2) or (3) affects the generality of section 34(4). In subsection (2) “place” includes an area. Contents of injunctions: supplemental This section applies in relation to an injunction under section 34. The injunction may not include a prohibition or requirement that has effect after the end of the period of 2 years beginning with the day on which the injunction is granted (“the injunction date”). 32 Policing and Crime Act 2009