of 12 months or more, or a hospital order, for an offence against you; 48 https://www.gov.uk/guidance/challenge-a-parole-decision 49 In exceptional circumstance requests can be made to shorten this period, if this happens victims will be informed. 50 A determinate prison sentence is for a fixed length of time. The prisoner will spend the first half or two-thirds (depending on the overall length of the sentence and offence) of the sentence in prison and the remaining portion in the community Ôon licenceÕ. If they breach any licence conditions, for example they demonstrate poor behaviour which increases their risk, they could be recalled back to prison to serve the remainder of the sentence. 1 ? was recommended by a court for deportation for an offence against you; or ? was sentenced to a period in prison for a violent or sexual offence. then you have the Right to receive information about the offenderÕs deportation. You can choose not to receive this information. The National Probation Service (Victim Liaison Officer and Offender Managers) must take all reasonable steps to work with the immigration authorities to ensure, as far as possible, that information about the prisonerÕs immigration status and any deportation information is passed on to victims. 11.15 If you have been the victim of a crime as set out in 11.14, your Victim Liaison Officer assigned by the Victims Contact Scheme (see 11.1) will be able to obtain updates from the Home Office on your behalf. 11.16 If you are not eligible for the Victims Contact Scheme or have opted out of the scheme, but you meet the criteria (see 11.14) you have the Right to ask for updates regarding the immigration case of the Foreign National Offender directly from the Home OfficeÕs Victim Support Team. 11.17 The Home Office Victim Support Team can tell you: ? whether the Home Office intends to take deportation action against the offender; ? the final outcome of any appeal against deportation; ? when the offender is going to be released from immigration detention; ? when the offender has been deported; or ? if the offender is not being deported and if possible, the reasons why. Serious Further Offence Reviews 11.18 In the event that an offender commits a Serious Further Offence51 while they are under statutory supervision by the provider of probation services, or shortly after this supervision has ended, the provider of probation services will carry out a Serious Further Offence Review, to investigate how the case was managed and whether or not there are any improvements that need to be made to manage future cases. 11.19 In the most serious cases, providers of probation services will offer to share the findings of a Serious Further Offence Review with the victim or their families following conviction of the offender. If this occurs you have the Right to be contacted by your Victim Liaison Officer, to be asked whether you would like to meet with a senior manager from the provider of probation services to talk about