have recommended a list of actions to highlight the vital role of the healthcare system in responding to domestic abuse, including: Implementing the IRIS164 (Identification and Referral to Improve Safety) Programme. IRIS is an evidence-based intervention to improve the general practice response to domestic abuse through training, support to practice teams and having a DA specialist embedded in practices. It is nationally recognised as best practice and has informed NICE guidance. The co-location of specialist Health IDVAs (Independent Domestic Violence Advisors) within health settings. A SafeLives report A Cry for Health165 provides extensive evidence around the benefits of this intervention in acute hospitals and other studies find similar results when specialists are located in mental health settings. The establishment of a Domestic Abuse Coordinator and the implementation of a Domestic Abuse Champions Network. These have been core elements of the good practice that has emerged as part of the Pathfinder project. Ensuring that victims have priority and timely access to specialist mental health support services, which are adequately and consistently funded, and available across the country to all victims, regardless of their immigration status.166 Long-term public health messaging to challenge public attitudes to domestic abuse. Representation from mental health services on advisory panels, in addition to the wider health service representation. In December 2021, the Department of Health and Social Care published the Vision for the Women’s Health Strategy for England, to be followed with the publication of the strategy. The Vision set out the overarching ambition of improving the health and wellbeing of women and girls in England based on the life course approach. The Strategy will set out actions both on issues that only affect women and girls, and on issues that affect everyone but which have sex-based differences in prevalence, experience or outcomes. It will detail delivery plans against the themes (women’s voices, healthcare policies and services, information and education, health in the workplace, research evidence and data) and against specific health needs and conditions. Pharmacies also play a role in providing community based support to victims of domestic abuse, for example, the Home Office funds the Ask for ANI ‘Action Needed 164 See About the IRIS programme - IRISi. 165 SafeLives, A cry for health: Why we must invest on domestic abuse services in hospitals. 2016. 166 Charges for people who are not ordinarily resident in the UK in respect of relevant NHS services in England is set out in the National Health Service (Charges to Overseas Visitors) Regulations. Treatment for physical or mental condition caused by domestic abuse is free of charge to everyone. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Immediately’ codeword scheme which allows victims of domestic abuse to ask for ‘ANI’ and access emergency support from the safety of their local pharmacy. Housing Housing is not a reserved matter and is within the legislative competence of the Senedd, therefore information in this section only applies to England. Role and approach Alternative housing options, whether refuges, social housing, or private accommodation167, are key to