under section 92(2). (2) Subsection (1) does not apply ifÑ (a) eitherÑ (i) the holder's failure to pay the fee at the time it became due was because of an administrative error (whether made by the holder, the authority or anyone else), or (ii) before or at the time the fee became due, the holder notified the authority in writing that the holder disputed liability for, or the amount of, the fee, and (b) the grace period for payment of the fee has not expired (see subsection (8)). (3) If a licensing authority suspends a club premises certificate under subsection (1), the authority must give the holder of the certificate a notice to that effect, specifying the day the suspension takes effect. (4) A day specified in a notice under subsection (3) must be at least 2 working days after the day the authority gives the notice. (5) If the holder of the certificate pays the annual fee, the licensing authority must give the holder written acknowledgement of receipt of the fee. (6) The acknowledgement of receipt under subsection (5) mustÑ (a) specify the day the authority received the fee (the Òreceipt dayÓ), and (b) be given to the holder as soon as is reasonably practicable but in any eventÑ (i) if the receipt day was a working day, before the end of the first working day after the receipt day, (ii) otherwise, before the end of the second working day after the receipt day. (7) A suspension of a club premises certificate under subsection (1)Ñ (a) takes effect on the day specified in the notice under subsection (3), and (b) ceases to have effect on the receipt day, as specified in the acknowledgement of receipt under subsection (5). (8) In this section, the Ògrace periodÓ for payment of a fee is the period of 21 days, beginning on the day after the day the fee became due.Ó. (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 115 (6) The amendments made by this section apply in relation to premises licences and club premises certificates in relation to which annual fees become due on or after the commencement of this section. PROSPECTIVE 121 Power for licensing authorities to set fees (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as follows. (2) After section 197 insertÑ Ò197A Regulations about fees (1) Subsection (2) applies where the Secretary of State makes regulations under this Act prescribing the amount of any fee. (2) The Secretary of State may, in determining the amount of the fee, have regard, in particular, toÑ (a) the costs of any licensing authority to whom the fee is to be payable which are referable to the discharge