thinks fit. (2A) Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. (2B) A statutory instrument containing any regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (2C) In this section ÒequipmentÓ includesÑ (a) vehicles; and (b) headgear and protective and other clothing.Ó 7 Regulation of procedures and practices After section 53 of the 1996 Act there shall be insertedÑ Ò53A Regulation of procedures and practices (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision requiring all police forces in England and WalesÑ (a) to adopt particular procedures or practices; or (b) to adopt procedures or practices of a particular description. (2) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall seek advice fromÑ (a) the chief inspector of constabulary; and (b) the Central Police Training and Development Authority. (3) Before seeking advice under subsection (2) the Secretary of State shall consult about his proposal to do so withÑ (a) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; and (b) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police. (4) A request for the purposes of subsection (2) may specify a period within which the requested advice is to be provided; and, if a period is so specified, the requested advice must be provided within it. (5) Before giving any advice in response to a request for the purposes of subsection (2), the Central Police Training and Development Authority shall consult withÑ (1) 8 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 Ð Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) persons whom it considers to represent the interests of police authorities; (b) persons whom it considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and (c) such other persons as it thinks fit. (6) The Secretary of State shall not make any regulations under this section requiring the adoption of any procedure or practice unlessÑ (a) he has, as respects that procedure or practice, received advice from the Central Police Training and Development Authority and has considered that advice; (b) the advice of the chief inspector of constabulary states that that inspector is satisfied as to the matters mentioned in subsection (7); and (c) the Secretary of State himself is satisfied as to those matters. (7) Those matters areÑ (a) that the adoption of that procedure or practice is necessary in order to facilitate the carrying out by members of any two or more police forces of joint or