that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) In any criminal proceedings before a court, the court may direct that the restriction imposed by sub-paragraph (2) is not to apply (whether at all or to the extent specified in the direction) if the court is satisfied that either of the following conditions is met. (4) The first condition is that the conduct of a personÕs defence at a trial of an offence of forced marriage would be substantially prejudiced if the direction were not given. (5) The second condition is thatÑ (a) the effect of sub-paragraph (2) is to impose a substantial and unreasonable restriction on the reporting of the proceedings, and (b) it is in the public interest to remove or relax the restriction. (6) A direction under sub-paragraph (3) does not affect the operation of sub- paragraph (2) at any time before the direction is given. (7) In this paragraph, Òthe courtÓ means a magistratesÕ court or the Crown Court. Penalty for breaching prohibition imposed by paragraph 1(2) 2 (1) If anything is included in a publication in contravention of the prohibition imposed by paragraph 1(2), each of the persons responsible for the publication is guilty of an offence. (2) A person guilty of an offence under this paragraph is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine. (3) The persons responsible for a publication are as followsÑ Type of publication Newspaper or other periodical Relevant programme Any other kind of publication Persons responsible Any person who is a proprietor, editor or publisher of the newspaper or periodical. Any person whoÑ (a) is a body corporate engaged in providing the programme service in which the programme is included, or (b) has functions in relation to the programme corresponding to those of an editor of a newspaper. Any person who publishes the publication. (4) If an offence under this paragraph is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part ofÑ (a) a senior officer of a body corporate, or (b) a person purporting to act in such a capacity, the senior officer or person (as well as the body corporate) is guilty of the offence and liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly. (5) ÒSenior officerÓ, in relation to a body corporate, means a director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate; and for this purpose ÒdirectorÓ, in (2) 216 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 6A Ð Anonymity of victims of forced marriage Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought