each flight receives adequate light; • changes in floor level; • windowless rooms and toilet accommodation exceeding 8m2; • firefighting equipment; • fire alarm call points; • equipment that would need to be shut down in an emergency; • lifts; and • areas in premises greater than 60m2. It is not necessary to provide individual lights (luminaires) for each item above, but there should be a sufficient overall level of light to allow them to be visible and usable. Emergency escape lighting can be both ÔmaintainedÕ, i.e. on all the time, or Ônon- maintainedÕ which only operates when the normal lighting fails. Systems or individual lighting units (luminaires) are designed to operate for durations of between one and three hours. In practice, the three-hour design is the most popular and can help with maintaining limited continued use of the premises during a power failure (other than in an emergency situation). Figure 54: Luminaires 100 Emergency escape lighting (luminaires) can be stand-alone dedicated units or incorporated into normal light fittings. There are highly decorative versions of these for those areas that demand aesthetically pleasing fixtures. Power supplies can be rechargeable batteries integral to each unit, a central battery bank or an automatic start generator. To complement emergency escape lighting, people, especially those unfamiliar with the premises, can be helped to identify exit routes by the use of way-guidance equipment. Way- guidance systems usually comprise photo- luminescent material, lines of LEDs, or strips of miniature incandescent lamps, forming a continuous marked escape route at lower level (Figure 55). These systems have proved particularly effective when people have to escape through smoke, and for partially-sighted people. They can be particularly useful in premises where they can provide marked routes on floors and in multi-storey premises they can direct people to escape routes which are seldom used. If you decide that you need to install emergency escape lighting or to modify your existing system, any work should be carried out by a competent person in accordance with the appropriate standards. Further guidance is given in BS 5266-128 and BS 5266-8.27 Figure 55: A Ôway-guidanceÕ system Maintenance and testing of emergency escape lighting All emergency escape lighting systems should be regularly tested and properly maintained to an appropriate standard. Most existing systems will need to be manually tested. However, some modern systems have self-testing facilities that reduce routine checks to a minimum. Depending on your type of installation you should be able to carry out most of the routine tests yourself. The test method will vary. If you are not sure how to carry out these tests you should contact your supplier or other competent person. Figure 56: A test key Test facilities often take the form of a ÔfishtailÕ (Figure 56) key inserted in a special switch either near the main fuse board or adjacent to relevant light switches. Typically, testing would include: • a daily visual check of any central controls; • a monthly function test by operating the test facility for a