government departments. The duties of the Act apply only to a limited number of organisations which deliver functions that are not transferred. These organisations are: the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI); the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA); and telecommunications operators. Because these organisations do not represent the full spectrum of response agencies in Northern Ireland, the Regulations treat these organisations in a slightly different way. In practice, it is anticipated that the PSNI, MCA and telecommunications operators in Northern Ireland will undertake their duties under the Act, but will relate to the other public service bodies listed in the Regulations in line with the arrangements in the Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Framework and by participating in Northern Ireland co-operation, co-ordination and crisis management machinery. Further information You can find further details on all of the above in these documents: ÔCivil Contingencies Act 2004: devolution concordat with Scottish MinistersÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/civil-contingencies-act-2004-devolution- concordat-with-scottish-ministers) ÔCivil Contingencies Act 2004: concordat between the UK government and the Welsh governmentÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/civil-contingencies-act- 2004-concordat-between-the-uk-g overnment-and-the-welsh-g overnment) ÔEmerg ency preparedness - chapter 10: ScotlandÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/61033/Chap ter-10-Scotland-amends-10112011.pdf) ÔChapter 11: WalesÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/61034/Ch apter-11-Wales-amends-10112011.pdf) ÔChapter 12: Northern IrelandÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/61035/Ch apter-12-Northern-ireland-amends-10112011.pdf) Co-operation for emergency preparedness Co-operation between organisations is fundamental to emergency preparedness. A large number of organisations will need to co-operate when responding to emergencies, so it is right that organisations co-operate closely in preparedness and planning as well. The government aims to ensure all organisations co-operate in emergency preparedness, and robust co-operation arrangements are in place at every level. This section outlines who should co-operate, and how. It describes co- operation arrangements in place locally and points out the emphasis placed on co- operation within the Civil Contingencies Act. Who should co-operate? Organisations will need to co-operate closely with any other organisation who would be involved in responding to and recovering from an emergency which affects that organisation. That will mean not just partner organisations, but contractors, and voluntary organisations who may be involved in the response. Organisations should consider their need to co-operate with a wide range of public (for example, local authorities, emergency services), commercial (for example, other businesses) and voluntary organisations (like charities and voluntary response organisations). What co-operation? Every-day co-operation between organisations is the lifeblood of civil protection work - through visits and seminars, phone calls and emails, and joint projects including exercises. Many organisations are well used to co-operating in both preparing for and responding to emergencies. The emergency services, for instance, obviously co- ordinate closely when responding to emergencies. They also co-operate closely in policy and planning, and undertake joint training and exercises. Likewise, utilities companies have close links with local authorities and the emergency services. Organisations should aim to co-operate bilaterally and attend multi-agency groups and forums to discuss co-ordinated and sometimes joint approaches to the essential aspects of emergency preparedness - risk assessment, emergency planning, business continuity management, and arrangements to warn and inform the public. Such forums should also consider producing multi-agency plans and other documents, including protocols and agreements, and the