and Lawful within the 6 week period a request to sign them off for independent patrol status may be submitted early, this will include a suitable Support Plan that details clearly to the Student Officer what they need to do to address the concerns and shortfalls b. To recommend dismissal under Reg.13 Police Regulations 2003 via a written report (see Reg 13 step by step). 6.8.7 At the end of the extended period, if not signed off as safe and lawful for independent patrol, the Training Manager will chair another meeting involving all relevant parties, the following outcomes are available: a. Competency not achieved but progress enough to justify a further period of Tutored patrol of up to another 6 weeks, tailored to need with a development support plan; b. To recommend dismissal under Reg.13 Police Regulations 2003 6.8.8 Student Officers on independent patrol will continue to collect evidence of their competence against the PEQF OCP. Assessors will be responsible for assessment decisions based on direct observations and witness testimony from line managers and non-probationary Police Officers and peers. Student Officers who successfully achieve OCP will also have achieved competence against PIP level 1. 6.8.9 The final review will take place at week 90 for DHEP and Pre-Join. This will involve submission completion of the completed portfolio, including final review, via the SOAT team and submission to the command team who will make their recommendations on confirmation of appointment. If a Student Officer has not completed all the OCP and their portfolio prior to their week 90 review, the Student Officer cannot be recommended for confirmation at this stage. They should be placed on a Support Plan(s) to complete the areas where they have not yet achieved competence. This process should have at least three reviews and last no longer than twelve/fifteen weeks. 6.8.10 The HR team will specifically comment upon the sickness record of each Student Officer, who have met or exceeded management intervention thresholds should be subject to the procedures in accordance with Regulation 13. If this is not the case, a detailed report should be prepared that will include a firm recommendation regarding their suitability for confirmation. If after consideration of any protected characteristics, there are doubts that the Student Officer is fit, physically or mentally, to perform the duties of their office, or that they are not likely to become an efficient or well conducted constable, then it should recommend that the individual's services are dispensed with, or if relevant, that the probationary period is extended to allow further time for improvement. 6.8.11 To achieve FOC (full operational competence), the student must have collated enough evidence in their OCP for the assessor and the contracted HEI partner (USW) to begin the process of making a collaborative assessment judgement on their overall competence in role. 6.8.12 Under the PEQF PCDA programme SOÕs are expected to achieve competence at specific gateways. These include IPS by end of year 1, FOC by end of year 2 before entering the