(6B) The powers of seizure referred to in subsection (6A) are the powers conferred by— paragraph 2 of Schedule 2 to the National Security Act 2023, and paragraph 12 of that Schedule, so far as conferred by reference to paragraph 2 of that Schedule.] In this section “a relevant person” means any one of the following— the person who made the seizure; the person for the time being having possession, in consequence of the seizure, of the seized property; the person named for the purposes of subsection (1)(d) or (4)(d) of section 52 in any notice given under that section with respect to the seizure. 54 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 2 – Powers of seizure Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The duty to secure The duty to secure that arises under this section is a duty of the person for the time being having possession, in consequence of the seizure, of the seized property to secure that arrangements are in force that ensure that the seized property (without being returned) is not, at any time after the giving of the notice of the application under section 60(1), either— examined or copied, or put to any use to which its seizure would, apart from this subsection, entitle it to be put, except with the consent of the applicant or in accordance with the directions of the appropriate judicial authority. Subsection (1) shall not have effect in relation to any time after the withdrawal of the application to which the notice relates. Nothing in any arrangements for the purposes of this section shall be taken to prevent the giving of a notice under section 49 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (c. 23) (notices for the disclosure of material protected by encryption etc.) in respect of any information contained in the seized material; but subsection (1) of this section shall apply to anything disclosed for the purpose of complying with such a notice as it applies to the seized material in which the information in question is contained. Subsection (9) of section 59 shall apply in relation to any jurisdiction conferred on the appropriate judicial authority by this section as it applies in relation to the jurisdiction conferred by that section. Use of inextricably linked property This section applies to property, other than property which is for the time being required to be secured in pursuance of section 61, if— it has been seized under any power conferred by section 50 or 51 or specified in Part 1 or 2 of Schedule 1, and