on Firearms Licensing Law 17.35 For Scotland, invoices will be sent by post to the contact on the application. Fees can be paid to the Scottish Government by one of the following methods: • Bankers Automated Clearing Service (BACS) • Clearing House Automated Payment System (CHAPS) • Debit card • Cheque Visit www.gov.scot/payments. 17.36 Please ensure when making a payment that your invoice number is included in the reference section of your bank transfer. Please send any remittance advice to: Treasury and Banking Section Mail Point 12 3A North Victoria Quay Edinburgh EH6 6QQ Free firearm certificates for approved clubs 17.37 Although a fee is payable, as set out above, for the grant, renewal or variation of the Secretary of State or Scottish MinistersÕ approval under section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988, no fee is payable for a firearm certificate granted to the responsible officer of any club approved by the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers relating to firearms and ammunition to be used solely for target shooting by members of the club (section 32(2) of the 1968 Act). Similarly, no fee is payable for the variation or renewal of such a certificate. The exemption does not extend to certificates given for firearms not mentioned in a clubÕs approval. Responsible officers of approved clubs who are granted firearm certificates should be reminded of the necessity for strict compliance with the law confining the exemption allowed to members. 17.38 The notes to the Secretary of State and the Scottish MinistersÕ letter of approval state that the chief officer of police must be informed if the club wishes to use an alternative or additional range regularly (this does not apply to regular competitions between approved clubs). Changes of club secretary or club title or premises must also be notified. 17.39 There is no need for the Secretary of State or the Scottish Ministers to be kept informed of the ranges being used by an approved club. It is sufficient for the chief officer to inform the Home Office or the Scottish Government when a club loses the use of a suitable range and consideration might have to be given to the withdrawal or variation of the Secretary of State or the Scottish MinistersÕ authority. 17.40 Letters of approval are issued in the name of the club and state the club secretaryÕs and another designated responsible officerÕs name and address. Where a change of club secretary or other designated responsible officer has occurred, details of the new secretary or responsible officer, giving their full name and address, should be notified to the Home Office and Scottish Government as soon as possible. Failure to do so within fourteen days of the change could lead to the clubÕs approval by the Home Office or Scottish Government being withdrawn. If both the secretary and 154 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law the other designated responsible officer are both unable to fulfil their role, members of the club can continue to shoot using only