would provide the opportunity efficiently and creatively to meet several overlapping needs which emerge from different parts of this Roadmap. It might start by providing entry-level material to support life-long learning. Ideally, this would be accredited in a recognisable and portable way. In doing this it could also provide an entry-point and repository for online learning aimed at teachers, complementing the work of bodies such as the NCCE, and it would encourage the growing national community of product managers retooling for the future in AI. Either separately, or integrated into the Academy, a Ôdata skills observatoryÕ to identify and address the on-going and evolving data skills deficit function that would otherwise hinder AI innovation would also be needed. While the AcademyÕs main objective would be to enable more people to live and work with AI, it would also be well placed to help connect and support local initiatives involving public engagement and public dialogue as part of responsible innovation in new AI deployments, including moonshots. This sustained and distributed resource, rather than, say, a single educational or promotional campaign, would be an integral part of negotiating the benefits and the risks of AI across different applications and publics and finding new forms of settlement and new narratives. It would help to ensure that trustworthy information, in relevant and accessible forms, informed public narratives on AI across sectors and applications. It would need to be able to reach into the forefront of research, development and innovation, such as through the Turing, and to connect people and information for discussions on opportunities, the distribution of benefits and of risks, shortcomings and uncertainties. This kind of resource would in turn underpin the regulatory infrastructure that is outlined in the next section, by ensuring that public debates were consistently well-informed. 18 Welcoming world-class Turing AI Fellows to the Institute, The Alan Turing Institute (October 2019) 19 New Turing AI fellows to deliver world-class AI research, UKRI (November 2020) 20 Short, online courses can unblock gender and other diversity issues in digital skills education, Institute of Coding (September 2020) 17 20 AI ROADMAP 3. Data, Infrastructure and Public Trust The UK should aspire to be the best place in the world to access and use safe, secure and good quality data in order to develop new applications and business models. The UK should also be the best place for the public to exercise scrutiny of, and input to, automated decision making, in order to ensure the public can trust AI. To do this, the infrastructure it will need is not only physical, such as broadband networks and high performance computing capacity, but also virtual and social, encompassing processes, people, standards, governance and practices. A systemic reimagining of data availability and governance will be required across disciplines to transform traditional practices and public acceptability. As for other infrastructure assets of national importance, the government has a key role in funding and providing data infrastructure. An important component to this should be in creating a cross- sectoral