need to develop individual Ôpersonal emergency evacuation plansÕ (PEEPs) for disabled people who frequently use a building. They will need to be confident of any plan/PEEP that is put in place after consultation with them. As part of your consultation exercise you will need to consider the matter of personal dignity. If members of the public use your building then you may need to develop a range of standard PEEPs which can be provided on request to a disabled person or others with special needs. Guidance on removing barriers to the everyday needs of disabled people is in BS 8300.14 Much of this advice will also help disabled people during an evacuation. Further advice can be obtained from the Disability Rights Commission at www.drc-gb.org. 52 Section 2 Further guidance on fire detection and warning systems Where an electrical fire-warning system is necessary then a straightforward arrangement typically includes the following: • manual call points (break-glass call points) next to exits with at least one call point on each floor; • electronic sirens or bells; and • a control and indicator panel. An alternative system of interconnected combined manual call points and sounders may be acceptable. If your building has areas where a fire could develop undetected or where people work alone and might not see a fire, then it may be necessary to upgrade your fire-warning system to incorporate automatic fire detection or install an automatic fire-detection and warning system. If, for any reason, your system fails you must still ensure that people in your premises can be warned and escape safely. A temporary arrangement, such as gongs, whistles or air horns, combined with suitable training, may be acceptable for a short period, pending system repairs. The fire warning sound levels should be loud enough to alert everyone, taking into account background noise. In areas with high background noise, or where people may be wearing hearing protectors, the audible warning should be supplemented, e.g. with visual alarms. People with hearing difficulties Where people have hearing difficulties, particularly those who are profoundly deaf, then simply hearing the fire warning is likely to be the major difficulty. If these persons are never alone while on the premises then this may not be a serious problem, as it would be reasonable for other occupants to let them know that the building should be evacuated. If a person with hearing difficulties is likely to be alone, then consider other means of raising the alarm. Among the most popular are visual beacons and vibrating devices or pagers that are linked to the existing fire alarm. Voice alarms Research has shown that some people and, in particular, members of the public, do not always react quickly to a conventional fire alarm. Voice alarms are therefore becoming increasingly popular and can also incorporate a public address facility. The message or messages sent must be carefully considered. It is therefore essential to ensure that voice- alarm systems are designed and installed by a person with specialist knowledge of