open Monday to Friday 9am - 8pm or email info@mensadviceline.org.uk Muslim Women’s Network – a specialist organisation supporting Muslim women and girls. National LGBT+ Domestic Abuse helpline – 0800 999 5428 Monday to Friday 10am - 5pm. National Stalking helpline – run by Suzy Lamplugh Trust. 0808 802 0300 9.30am - 4pm Monday to Friday. NSPCC – The UK’s leading children’s charity working to prevent abuse, rebuild children’s lives and support families. NSPCC FGM helpline – 0800 028 3550. Operation Encompass Teachers’ National Helpline – 0204 513 9990 open 8am - 1pm Monday to Friday. The helpline is for school staff to seek guidance and discuss queries they may have following an Operation Encompass notification and in preparation for supporting a child experiencing domestic abuse. Paladin – an organisation that provides support for victims of stalking. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Parental Education Growth Support (PEGS) – an organisation that supports victims of child to parent abuse. Rail to Refuge – a scheme providing free rail travel to refuge accommodation for women, men and children fleeing domestic abuse through a member organisation of Women’s Aid, Welsh Women’s Aid, Imkaan or Respect (which runs the Men’s Advice Line). Rape Crisis England and Wales – an organisation representing rape crisis centres across England and Wales which provide support for women and girls of all ages who have experienced any form of sexual violence. Their telephone number is 0808 802 9999. Their website also offers a Live Chat service. Refuge – an organisation operated by an all female staff that provides support for all victims of domestic abuse and violence against women and girls. Respect – an organisation that works with male victims of domestic abuse and domestic abuse perpetrators. Respects operates the Men’s Advice line, a confidential helping for male victims of domestic abuse and the Respect Phoneline for domestic abuse perpetrators and those supporting them. Restored – a specialist organisation working to tackle domestic abuse by partnering with churches and Christian organisations. Revenge Porn helpline – open between 10am and 4pm, Monday to Friday. 0345 600 0459 or help@revengepornhelpline.org.uk. Sexual Assault Referral Centres (SARCs) – centres providing medical, practical and emotional support to all victims of sexual assault. Sign Health Domestic Abuse Service – a specialist domestic abuse service to support the health and wellbeing of deaf people. Sikh Women’s Aid – an organisation providing support for Sikh women and girls. Southall Black Sisters – an organisation providing support for ethnic minority victims and migrant women. Their helpline is 020 8571 9595 and is open between 9am and 5pm Monday to Friday. Stay Safe East – a specialist organisation providing support for deaf and disabled victims of domestic abuse across London. Referrals should be made to enquiries@staysafe-east.org.uk. Surviving Economic Abuse – a specialist organisation dedicated to supporting victims of economic abuse, working in partnership with Money Advice Plus to provide money and debt advice to victims experiencing financial difficulties. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance UK Forced Marriage Unit (FMU)