voluntary and statutory sectors. Voluntary sector organisations also take part in some other LRF subgroups, are offered training and take part in exercises. ÒBy establishing a voluntary sector subgroup of the LRF, we ensure that the statutory responders have access to a clear picture of the voluntary sectorÕs capabilities in Derbyshire.Ó Ian Shuttleworth, Chief Emergency Planning Officer, Derbyshire. ÒThe statutory services in Derbyshire have adopted a flexible but well-organised approach to our voluntary sector involvement. This careful engagement at the planning phase has proven its worth in the response phase, and we have successfully supported the statutory services when emergencies have stretched their resources.Ó Moya Wood-Heath, Chair - Voluntary Sector Civil Protection Forum 14.16. Capabilities of the voluntary sector Those preparing emergency plans should be aware of the extent and range of operational and support activities and services provided by the voluntary sector at all stages, from planning through to the response and recovery phases of emergencies in the United Kingdom. o There are established organisations such as the British Red Cross, WRVS, Salvation Army, St John Ambulance (or St AndrewÕs First Aid in Scotland) that provide a range of services and activities; o Many individual volunteers have particular skills, but are not necessarily members of recognised voluntary organisations: for example interpreters or representatives from the faith communities. o Certain organisations contribute specialist skills in various types of activity: • search and rescue organisations, such as the British Cave Rescue Council (BCRC), coastguard response teams (HM CoastguardÕs Auxiliary branch), the Mountain Rescue Council (MRC), the RNLI, the International Rescue Corps (IRC), Sky Watch, search and rescue dog teams; • groups of doctors, such as the British Association for Immediate Care Schemes (BASICS); • in London, the London Air Ambulance provides an emergency service; • voluntary radio operators, such as the Radio AmateursÕ Emergency Network (RAYNET); • Organisations which specialise in providing emotional support and counselling, such as Cruse Bereavement Care, the Samaritans and Victim Support; and • other non-governmental organisations (NGOs). 14.17. The voluntary sector can provide support at every stage of emergency planning, response and recovery in a number of generic areas: o practical support and welfare; o social and psychological aftercare; o medical support, properties and essential supplies; o search and rescue; o transport; o communications; o documentation; o o training and exercising; and o signposting to other organisations. 14.18. 14.19. 14.20. 14.21. Annex 14A sets out examples of the extent and range of support activities and services that volunteers can provide and of the statutory organisations with which they frequently work. It is important to be precise on the accountability of volunteers to a professional agency because of issues of legal liability, including statutory requirements under the Children Act 2004, and because of insurance indemnity issues. Agencies working with voluntary sector organisations will need to consider the health and safety of volunteers. They may wish to use a Service Level Agreement, Memorandum of Understanding or some other form of protocol to establish arrangements to identify the level