protected characteristics (within the meaning of the Equality Act 2010); (e) an initial assessment of the impact of serious violence reduction orders on the reoffending rates of offenders in respect of whom such orders have been made; (f) an assessment of the impact on offenders of being subject to a serious violence reduction order; (g) information about the number of offences committed under section 342G of the Sentencing Code (offences relating to a serious violence reduction order) and the number of suspected offences under that section that have been investigated. (5) Regulations under section 208(1) which bring section 165 into force only for a specified purpose or in relation to a specified area mayÑ (a) provide for section 165 to be in force for that purpose or in relation to that area for a specified period; (b) make transitional or saving provision in connection with section 165 ceasing to be in force at the end of the specified period. (6) Regulations containing provision by virtue of subsection (5)(a) may be amended by subsequent regulations under section 208(1) so as to continue section 165 in forceÑ (a) for the specified purpose, or (b) in relation to the specified area, for a further specified period. (7) Accordingly, the reference in section 419(1) of the Sentencing Act 2020, as applied by section 206, to the coming into force of an amendment is to be read as including a reference to the continuing in force of an amendment by reason of subsection (6). (8) In this sectionÑ Òserious violence reduction orderÓ has the same meaning as in Chapter 1A of Part 11 of the Sentencing Code (see section 342B of the Sentencing Code); ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in regulations under section 208(1). CHAPTER 2 KNIFE CRIME PREVENTION ORDERS 167 Knife crime prevention order on conviction: adjournment of proceedings (1) In section 19 of the Offensive Weapons Act 2019 (knife crime prevention orders made on conviction), after subsection (9) insertÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 191 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(9A) The court may adjourn any proceedings on an application for a knife crime prevention order even after sentencing the defendant. (9B) If the defendant does not appear for any adjourned proceedings the court mayÑ (a) further adjourn the proceedings, (b) issue a warrant for the defendantÕs arrest, or (c) hear the proceedings in the defendantÕs absence. (9C) The court may not act under subsection (9B)(b) unless it is satisfied that the defendant has