affect your ability to understand and to be understood. All service providers must communicate in simple and accessible language and all translation or interpretation services must be offered free of charge to the victim. 1.2 If, due to the impact of the crime, you need assistance to understand or to be understood, you can be supported by a person of your choice, unless the service provider considers that it would not be in your best interests or that it would impact the investigation or prosecution. In these circumstances, the service provider will tell you why. 1.3 If you have difficulty understanding or speaking English, you have the Right to use an interpreter19 to help you understand, when: ? reporting a criminal offence;20 ? being interviewed by the police; and ? giving evidence as a witness. 1.4 You can also receive the translation of any document where it is essential for the purposes of the interview or court proceedings to read a document that is given to you, including: ? the written acknowledgment of the reported crime; ? where it is essential for the purposes of the interview or court hearing to see a particular document that is disclosed to you, a copy of the relevant parts of the document; ? communication informing you of the date, time and location of the trial; ? the outcome of criminal proceedings and, where available, the reasons for the decision; and ? the response to any complaint or request made under the VictimsÕ Right to Review Scheme.21 1.5 You can also receive an oral translation or summary of any of the documents listed above, unless doing so would prejudice the fairness of the proceedings. 1.6 For cases heard in Wales, you have the legal Right to use Welsh when giving evidence and the court will make the necessary arrangements.22 You also have the Right to submit a Victim Personal Statement to the Parole Board in Welsh, irrespective of the location of the offender, and to ask for a summary of the parole decision to be provided in Welsh. 19 This includes both spoken and non-spoken interpreting, for example if a victim is deaf or hard of hearing. 20 You have the Right to report the crime in a language you understand or with the necessary linguistic assistance if you do not speak English. 21 See Right 6 for explanation of the VictimsÕ Right to Review. 22 Section 22(1) of the Welsh Language Act 1993 provides: ÒIn any legal proceedings in Wales the Welsh language may be spoken by any party, witness or other person who desires to use itÓ. No prior notice to use the Welsh language is required in magistratesÕ court proceedings. However, sometimes it is necessary for interpretation to be arranged, and prior notice will be given to the Welsh Language Unit to make necessary provisions. Right 2: To have the details of the crime recorded without unjustified delay 2.1 You have the Right to have details of the crime recorded by