family, to contribute to the investigation and preserve its integrity. The FLO also provides support in a sensitive and compassionate manner, ensuring that family members are given timely information in accordance with the needs of the investigation, including timely referrals to relevant support agencies. Professional role profiles for the FLC, FLA and FLO can be found on the College of Policing website. Information and support for families The Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales, November 2020 sets out the support and information that bereaved families should receive. FLOs should also ensure that they comply with the requirements of the Code when obtaining evidence from families, and that they act in compliance with Ministry of Justice (2011) Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on interviewing victims and witnesses, and guidance on using special measures. When gathering information from the family, the FLO should consider the following questions. What is known? What do we want to know? Are the family entitled to enhanced rights under the VictimÕs Code? What special measures could the family be eligible for? How will the family be interviewed (for example, a statement, audio or visual)? What support will the family need after the interview? Any interviews with a family member should be planned carefully. The plan should set out the objectives for the interview, who will conduct the interview, what support the interviewee will need during the interview and whether any supplementary interviews may be needed (see Ministry of Justice (2011) Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on interviewing victims and witnesses, and guidance on using special measures). Families must be offered the opportunity to do the following. Make a victim personal statement, so that the court understands how the crime has affected them as a family. Meet the case lawyer from the CPS, in accordance with the Bereaved Families scheme. In cases of murder or manslaughter, bereaved families should be offered access to the Homicide Service to help them understand what to expect from the criminal justice system. This service is provided by Victim Support and is funded by the Ministry of Justice. The Homicide Service provides: assistance with the funeral, childcare and/or transportation help to access financial assistance, such as state benefits and compensation claims, and to inform other organisations that there has been a death the offer or commission of specialist services, such as trauma therapy and bereavement counselling Further victim support will be available through services commissioned by the local Police and Crime Commissioner. Please refer to the local police force website for further information. In cases of road death, whether it occurred in the UK or abroad, bereaved families should be given the National Road Victim Service (NRVS) Guide for bereaved families following a death on the road, which offers access to the NRVS through the helpline number referenced on the packÕs cover. Families should also be given additional information depending on their circumstances. These include the following. Explaining disaster victim identification Ð following a