v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Industry Security Notice Number 2023/17 (Issued: 14/12/2023) Subject: Arrangements for the Handling and Transmission of Classified and Protected Information Concerning the Canadian Surface Combatant Frigate and UK Type 26 Frigate Introduction 1. This Industry Security Notice (ISN) is an update and replacement to ISN 2022/03 due to an update of the UK OFFICIAL and OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE Security Conditions. 2. The purpose of this ISN is to inform contractors/suppliers of the specific arrangements that have been mutually agreed between the Government of Canada (CAN) and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (UK) for the handling and transmission procedures for Classified and Protected Information at UK OFFICIAL (UK O), UK OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE (UK OS) and Canadian PROTECTED A & B levels between our two countries in relation to the Cooperation in the Development, Production and Follow on Support of the Canadian Surface Combatant (CSC) / Type 26 (T26) Frigate Programs. 3. This mutual arrangement is in accordance with respective national security laws, regulations and the bilateral Industrial Security Arrangement (ISA) between the Government of Canada and the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland concerning the Protection of Classified and Protected Information which was signed on 7 September 2016. The ISA provides a government-to-government assurance for the Exchange and Protection of Classified and PROTECTED Information between CAN and UK authorities and respective suppliers under their jurisdiction. Arrangements 4. The following arrangements have been agreed that sets out the policies, practices and procedures for the handling and transmission of Classified and PROTECTED Information related to the CSC/T26 Frigate program. By implementing these arrangements, Classified and PROTECTED Information may be provided and transmitted on a need-to-know basis subject to national release approval procedures from the Program Management Offices. The attached Annex F is provided in support of the following instructions: 1. a. On a government-to-government level, it is recognised that there is currently no security classification equivalence for UK O and UK OS and CAN PROTECTED A & B markings. PROTECTED A & B information provided in accordance with CAN regulations will be supported by contract clauses to define the minimum security requirements for the protection of such information and as identified in the Program Security Instructions. Access to and protection of UK O and UK OS classified information will be supported by the UK O and UK OS Security Conditions. Canadian contractors will be required to handle and protect UK OS classified information in accordance with the ÒUK OFFICIAL and UK OFFICIAL-SENSITIVE Security ConditionsÓ attached to ISN 2023/12 or any later edition of the Security Aspects Letter and Contractual Security Conditions ISN and any additional handling instructions provided by the CSC Program Management Office (PMO CSC). b. UK contractors will be required to handle and protect PROTECTED A & B information in accordance with the contract clauses and handling instructions that will be provided by CAN to inform recipients of the minimum security requirements for the protection