appeal court” means— in the application of this section to England and Wales, the Crown Court; in the application of this section to Northern Ireland, a county court. Access to other premises Access to other premises 136(L1) This section applies to any person who occupies or has an interest in any part of a building or other structure— in which closed premises are situated, and in respect of which the closure order does not have effect. A person to whom this section applies may at any time while a closure order has effect apply to— the magistrates' court in respect of an order made under section 136D or 136I, or the appropriate appeal court in respect of an order made by that court under section 136K. If an application is made under this section notice of the date and time when, and the place at which, the hearing to consider the application will take place must be given to— a constable, the local authority. each person on whom the closure notice relating to the closed premises was served under section 136C(3)(d) or (4), and any other person who appears to the court to have an interest in the closed premises but on whom the closure notice was not served. On an application under this section the court may make such order as it thinks appropriate in relation to access to any other part of a building or other structure in which the closed premises are situated. It is immaterial whether any provision has been made as mentioned in section 136E(3) or 136I(5). In this section “appropriate appeal court” has the same meaning as in section 136K. 158 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Reimbursement of costs, compensation etc. Reimbursement of costs 136M(1) A police authority or a local authority which incurs expenditure for the purpose of clearing, securing, repairing or maintaining closed premises may apply to the court which made the closure order for an order under this section. On an application under this section, the court may make such order as it thinks appropriate in the circumstances for the reimbursement (in full or in part) by the owner of the premises of the expenditure mentioned in subsection (1). An application under this section must not be entertained unless it is made before the end of the period of three months beginning with the day the closure order ceases to have effect. An application under this section must be served on— the police authority for the area in