engagement has been a key element of our approach. We are now holding a Call for Views for 12 weeks until 9 August 2024 to gather feedback on the proposed interventions, including the Code of Practice and the intention to develop a global standard. The feedback will be used to inform UK government policy and our next steps. 1: Introduction Background 1.1 Artificial Intelligence (AI) has become a part of our daily lives and is used by organisations and individuals as a powerful tool to enhance the way we work, interact with data and achieve outcomes. As developers of AI continue to push the boundaries of what models and systems can achieve, it is imperative we address the risks AI presents so that we can continue to unlock the opportunities it offers.[footnote 1] 1.2 In the UK, we are already seeing the vast benefits of AI. The UK is home to the third largest number of AI unicorns and start-ups in the world[footnote 2] and the AI industry in the UK employs over 50,000 people while contributing £3.7 billion to the economy.[footnote 3] AI is also bringing innovation to many sectors, such as transport, agriculture and crime prevention by helping to: detect fraud through machine learning algorithms that can identify suspicious transactions in real time;[footnote 4] optimise public transportation systems by predicting passenger demand; and[footnote 5] improve organisations cyber security practices through the detection of threats.[footnote 6] 1.3 As with any technology, the continued evolution and uptake of AI will also present challenges. To address these challenges, the government set out its pro-innovation and pro-safety regulatory framework, which will ensure that we are able to maximise the opportunities and minimise the risks of this fast-moving technology. The AI regulation white paper outlined five cross-sectoral principles to be applied by existing UK regulators, and a new central function to bring coherence and address regulatory gaps.[footnote 7] 1.4 One of the five key principles of the framework is Safety, Security and Robustness. This means that AI systems should function in a robust, secure and safe way throughout the AI lifecycle, and risks should be continually identified, assessed and managed. To achieve this, we need to support developers and deployers of AI systems in addressing cyber security risks to their systems, which in turn will protect users of AI, and strengthen public trust. 1.5 This is vital because cyber security is an essential precondition for the safety of AI systems and is required to ensure, amongst other things, privacy, reliability, and the secure use of models. 1.6 It is imperative that we work towards a global solution for addressing the risks to AI models and systems. This requires a focus on collaborating with international partners to achieve consensus on baseline security requirements (see Annex B for further information on the international landscape). 1.7 To complement international efforts to drive the adoption of cyber security in AI, we have set out in this document a proposed two-part intervention (Chapter 3) to create, firstly, a