(FDS) but also applies to any other Wiltshire Police database or system. • Any search or enquiry of PNC, NICHE, STORM, TAB or FDS must be justified as being for Law Enforcement Purposes; namely the investigation, prevention and detection of crime. This includes the legitimate accessing of information to supply to other agencies such as details of vulnerable victims or witnesses etc. • The access must also be a part of your normal role. Conducting an enquiry in relation to a reported crime or incident clearly falls within the prevention and detection of crime. • Researching PNC, NICHE, STORM or FDS out of curiosity, particularly where it involves looking at information regarding yourself, family, friends, acquaintances, neighbours or ÔcelebritiesÕ is not permitted in any circumstances. • If you believe you have a legitimate Law Enforcement Purpose to access details of a relative or acquaintance, then you must seek prior approval from a supervisor who will make a record of your request and make a decision as to whether it is appropriate for you to continue. You should also make a record of this request and the decision reached by your supervisor. Remember it is your responsibility to maintain your integrity. • If you inadvertently accessed information regarding a relation or acquaintance, you have not done anything wrong, but you must cease any further research and draw this to the attention of a supervisor who may authorise your continued use providing it is for a Law Enforcement Purpose or ask for another officer or colleague to conduct the research. You should also make a record of this request, and the decision made by your supervisor. • • It is accepted that Local Crime Investigators may take an initial look at custody records relating to their assigned area at the start of their shift. This is in order to ascertain what work may be allocated to them and to assist them in organising workload priorities. Accessing custody records beyond the minimum to ascertain allocation (unless that record has been allocated to that LCI) is not permitted without prior approval from a supervisor who will make a record of that approval detailing why it is appropriate for the LCI to continue. The LCI should also make a record of this request, and the decision made by the supervisor. • If you are a Reporting Person or Victim accessing any record on a force system (e.g. PNC, Niche RMS, Storm, FDS etc.) containing information relating to that report or incident is not permitted. If you inadvertently access information regarding or relating to that report or incident you must cease any further research, make a record of what has occurred and inform your supervisor immediately. • Where you are a Reporting Person or Victim and a witness statement is required, it should be obtained by Investigating Officers. If you create a self-written statement it should be submitted to the Investigating Officer. Under no circumstances should you attach a statement, exhibit or any other document to