poor service. Explore the topic Business debt and bankruptcy Your rights and legal support Court claims, debt and bankruptcy Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working , jobs and pensions Get involved Home Crime, justice and the law Your rights and legal support Complain about a financial service or product Follow the companyÕs complaints procedure. You can usually then take y our complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service if youÕre unhappy with their response. Ask for a copy of the companyÕs complaints procedure. This should tell you how to complain and how theyÕll deal with it. If youÕre unhappy with their response (or they do not respond within 8 weeks) you can complain to an independent complaints service. This is usually the Financial Ombudsman Service - the companyÕs complaints procedure should tell you which service to contact. Related content Consumer rights Complain about a claims company MoneyHelper has information on making complaints and time limits for complaining to the ombudsman. The Financial Ombudsman Service www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk Telephone: 0300 123 9 123 Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm Find out about call charges The Financial Ombudsman Service Exchange Tower London E14 9SR Explore the topic Your rights and legal support Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police (Complaints and Conduct) Act 2012. (See end of Document for details) Police (Complaints and Conduct) Act 2012 2012 CHAPTER 22 An Act to make provision about interviews held during certain investigations under Schedule 3 to the Police Reform Act 2002; and about the application of Part 2 of that Act to matters occurring before 1 April 2004. [19th December 2012] BE IT ENACTED by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:Ñ 1 Interviews of serving officers during investigations (1) The Police Reform Act 2002 is amended as follows. (2) In Schedule 3 (handling of complaints and conduct matters etc) after paragraph 19E insertÑ ÒInterview of persons serving with the police etc during certain investigations 19F (1) This paragraph