the chief constable in question to make representations shall include the entitlement to make them in person.Ó (5) In subsection (4) (expenses of inquiry), for the words Òa chief constable, deputy chief constable or assistant chief constableÓ there shall be substituted Ò the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or a chief constable Ó. (6) After subsection (4) there shall be insertedÑ Ò(4A) If the Secretary of State exercises the power conferred by subsection (1) in relation to the Commissioner or the Deputy Commissioner or a chief constable, the Metropolitan Police Authority or other police authority concernedÑ (a) shall not be required to seek the Secretary of StateÕs approval before calling upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or chief constable in question, in the interests of efficiency or effectiveness, to retire or to resign; and (b) shall not be required to give the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or the chief constable a written explanation of the authorityÕs grounds for calling upon him to retire or to resign, to give him an opportunity to make representations to it or to consider any representations made by him. (4B) In this section Òthe CommissionerÓ means the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis and Òthe Deputy CommissionerÓ means the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (4C) In this section a reference to the police authority concerned, in relation to a chief constable, is to the police authority which maintains the police force of which he is chief constable.Ó (7) Subsection (5) (application to senior officers in the metropolitan police) shall cease to have effect. 34 Regulations concerning procedure for removal of senior officers After section 42 of the 1996 Act, there shall be insertedÑ Ò42A Procedure in relation to removal of senior officers (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the procedure to be followed in the exercise of any power conferred or duty imposed by section 9E, 11 or 42. (1) 86 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 3 Ð Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult withÑ (a) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; (b) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and (c) such other persons as he thinks fit. (3) Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. (4) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House