(ons.gov.uk): data year ending March 2018 to 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance as the result of a victim’s health and social care needs, without enquiries being made around domestic abuse. A Women’s Aid survey of 134 domestic abuse service organisations suggests that older victims are not being seen by specialist support services in the numbers that we would expect and can face significant barriers when asking for help or when trying to leave a relationship with a perpetrator.100 Barriers can include that victims: have experienced years of prolonged abuse; are isolated within a particular community through language or culture; have experienced long term health impacts or disabilities; or are reliant on the perpetrator for their care or money. Evidence also indicates that older people with protected characteristics such as being LGBT, from an ethnic minority background, or having a disability may be at greater risk of abuse, or face additional barriers that may prevent them from accessing support.101 It is crucial that older victims can get the support they need, and that their experiences are supported. Research by the Centre for Age, Gender and Social Justice emphasises the importance of enabling access and supporting older people to make safe and informed choices when seeking help.102 Dewis Choice provides practitioner guidance on supporting older victims and responding to domestic abuse in later life. Box 5.1: Case Study 100 Women’s Aid. The Domestic Abuse Report 2019: The Annual Audit: Bristol: 2019. 101 See Older People’s Commissioner for Wales. 2021. Support Services for Older People Experiencing Abuse in Wales. 102 The Centre for Age, Gender and Social Justice. Transforming the response to domestic abuse in later life: Practitioner Guidance: 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance David had difficulty with his coordination and mobility and his wife purposefully left items positioned to cause him to trip or fall, sustaining bruises to his arms and face. She would also shout and ‘humiliate’ him, telling him he was useless as he could no longer carry out jobs around the home. David was fearful about the future. Particularly, that he would become more isolated and dependent on his wife as he developed care needs and was no longer able to leave his home without support. He wanted to be able to spend time with his adult children, who were discouraged from visiting by his wife. David had become increasingly depressed and wanted to leave his wife but he didn’t know how to access support. The social worker recognised that David was experiencing domestic abuse and explained that she felt he would benefit from support from a specialist service for older victims of abuse. David agreed, so she contacted the organisation to discuss a referral. As David had communication difficulties, the social worker assisted with arranging safe face-to-face contact with a support worker. The support worker explained David’s options and rights and went with him to apply for housing, helping him to explain that he was a victim of abuse and ensuring that he was