Canada as well as consider carefully how to increase bilateral cooperation with countries like the US and China, such as through the recent declaration signed with the US to increase collaboration on AI R&D,30 to enable effective strategic action to shape a global AI landscape. One immediate way forward is to leverage our founding membership in the Global Partnership for AI (GPAI), a scalable club of like-minded governments ready to be led by experts on tackling the most pressing priorities for collaboration, where the UK is already leading on data governance.31 The UK has a pivotal opportunity to play an influential role in the coming year as it adopts the Presidency of the G7 and the 26th UN Climate Change conference. Over this period the UK should use this opportunity to leverage global collective 28 The Gemini Principles were developed by the Centre for Digital Built Britain to guide the responsible development of digital twins and a National Digital Twin for the public good. The Gemini Principles Centre for Digital Built Britain (2018) 29 Global AI Talent Report 2020, (October 2020); AI Research Rankings 2019, Medium (December 2019) 30 Declaration of the USA and the UK on Cooperation in AI Research and Development, UK Government (September 2020) 31 An open call for input from GPAIÕs Data Governance Working Group, OECD (November 2020); we understand the recommendations from this working group will be incorporated into the National Data Strategy. 17 intelligence to advise on the biggest challenges AI presents and position the UK as a centre to operationalise recommendations, including those relating to the UNÕs Sustainable Development Goals. Alongside global leadership on shared challenges, the UK ought to consider its own strategic advantage as we endeavour to become less dependent on critical technologies from non-allied sources of supply. Advancements in AI products and services underpin the capacity to compete economically but is also the domain of contests between overseas power bases and other nation states, which are sometimes not well aligned to the UK interest. One way to respond to this shift in geopolitical context is to invest strategically in research, development and innovation, choosing areas of national strengths such as AI and supporting them heavily with the aim of becoming globally competitive. If we align this strategic investment with the construction of broad coalitions of interest on the global stage, the UK can increase our sovereign capabilities and attract researchers and technologists with the skills to develop leading products in a number of competitive sectors. Government should also consider how to redefine procurement and intellectual property to encourage a creative technology ecosystem to achieve these aims. 4. National, Cross-sector Adoption The largest companies that are able to realise the potential of AI through business transformation find themselves increasing productivity, reducing costs and innovating faster to remain competitive. By ensuring the enabling foundations described in the first 10 recommendations are in place, the UK can also be a fertile ground for its existing FTSE 100 and the future 100. Supporting high