thinking about risk in relation to individual forms of harm, such as child abuse or domestic violence in isolation interact with vulnerable people in a way that maximises opportunities for disclosure The guidelines consist of: one strategic-level guideline for chief o?cers three practical guidelines for police responders Vulnerability-related risks guidelines Overview Foreword, vulnerability-related risks Introduction to vulnerability-related risk Professional development Clues Communication Curiosity Appendix 1 Ð Actions References Related reports and information Guidelines Ð Recognising and responding to vulnerability-related risks (pdf) 457.73 KB Scope of guidelines Ð Recognising and responding to vulnerability-related risks (pdf) 281.34 KB Evidence review part two Ð Recognising and responding to vulnerability-related risks (pdf) 1.38 MB Rapid evidence assessment Ð Recognising and responding to vulnerability-related risks (pdf) 2.62 MB Refresh report Ð Recognising and responding to vulnerability-related risks (pdf) 737.33 KB Summary of practitioner evidence Ð Recognising and responding to vulnerability-related risks (pdf) 617.84 KB 24/03/2025 Wildlife crime https://www.college.police.uk/app/investigation/wildlife-crime Page Wildlife crime This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 26 September 2016 Updated 9 December 2022 Written by College of Policing Investigation 2 mins read This guidance is for all police officers and staff when investigating wildlife crime. These crimes should be investigated by a trained wildlife crime officer (WCO). Most forces will have at least one WCO whose role it is to carry out wildlife crime investigations. If a WCO is unavailable to carry out the initial investigation, then another officer should do so, liaising with a WCO at the earliest opportunity. The force should then decide who should continue the investigation. Wildlife offences are currently covered under a range of legislation. These briefing notes provide an investigator with advice on the more common offences which they may encounter and highlight issues they should consider during an investigation. The briefing notes are based on the UK government wildlife crime priorities that are identified through the National Wildlife Crime Unit (2022) Strategic Assessment (set every two years) and advice taken from the Wildlife Crime Conservation Advisory Group that supports that process. The National Wildlife Crime Unit (NWCU) can provide further advice and support, as can organisations that support particular plants or animals, such as the Bat Conservation Trust and Kew Gardens. In the majority of cases, the police service can enforce relevant legislation. In some cases, however, this power falls to other statutory agencies, such as Natural England and the Welsh Government (for poisoning incidents) or the Environment Agency (for unlicensed fishing). The following briefing notes will assist investigations from initial contact in call handling centres through to the completion of the court file: bats badgers poaching (deer, fish and hare coursing) freshwater pearl mussels CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna) raptors See also the Crown Prosecution Service Wildlife Guidance for prosecutors. Some of the above resources are under development and will be made available as they are approved. Back to Investigation overview Tags Investigation 24/03/2025 Wildlife crime https://www.college.police.uk/app/investigation/wildlife-crime Page Wildlife