AI Principles and emphasised the importance of a governance approach that balances the benefits and risks of AI and promotes responsible AI for achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals. The UK will work closely with Brazil on their AI ambitions as part of their 2024 G20 Presidency, which will centre on AI for inclusive sustainable development.[footnote 44] Global Partnership on Artificial Intelligence (GPAI): The UK continues to actively shape GPAIÕs multi- stakeholder project-based activities to guide the responsible development and use of AI grounded in human rights, inclusion, diversity, innovation, and economic growth. The UK was pleased to attend the December 2023 GPAI Summit in New Delhi, represented by the Minister for AI, Viscount Camrose, and to both endorse the GPAI New Delhi Ministerial Declaration and host a side-event on ohttps://beisgov.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/CyberResilienceTeam- OS/Shared%20Documents/Communications%20%26%20core%20script/Cyber%20security%20forward%20look%20of%20 d=w20fc10c3dddd4ed4a0eccaa797eb8ee3&csf=1&web=1&e=0ribeLutcomes and next steps following the AI Safety Summit. The UK has also begun a two-year mandate as a Steering Committee member and will work with IndiaÕs Chairmanship to ensure GPAI is reaching its full potential. Council of Europe: The UK is continuing to work closely with like-minded nations on a Council of Europe Convention on AI to protect and promote human rights, democracy, and the rule of law. The Convention offers an opportunity to ensure these important values are codified internationally as one part of a wider approach to effective international governance.[footnote 45] OECD: The UK is an active member of the Working Party on AI Governance (AIGO) and recognises its role in supporting the implementation of the OECD AI Principles and enabling the exchange of experience and best practice across member countries. In 2024, the UK will support the revision of the OECD AI Principles and continue to provide case studies from the UKÕs Portfolio of AI Assurance Techniques to the OECDÕs Catalogue of Tools and Metrics of Tools for Trustworthy AI. UN and its associated agencies: Given the organisationÕs unique role in convening a wide range of nations, the UK recognises the value of the UN-led discussions on AI and engages regularly to shape global norms on AI. In July 2023, the UK initiated and chaired the first UN Security Council briefing session on AI, and the Deputy Prime Minister chaired a session on frontier AI risks at UN High Level Week in September 2023. The UK continues to collaborate with a range of partners across UN AI initiatives, including negotiations for the Global Digital Compact, which aims to facilitate the Sustainable Development Goals through technologies such as AI, monitoring the implementation of the UNESCO Recommendation on the Ethics of AI, and engaging constructively at the International Telecommunication Union, which hosted the ÔAI for GoodÕ Summit in July 2023. The UK will also continue to work closely with the UN AI Advisory Body and is closely reviewing its interim report: Governing AI for Humanity. Technical Standards Technical standards are an important tool in supporting global governance of technology, international trade, and technology innovation and can be a tool alongside or in place of regulation. The