(cases where parent or guardian may be required to secure compliance with requirements), after “(6)” there shall be inserted “ , (6ZAA) ”. In section 3A(3) of that Act (which modifies section 3 of that Act in its application to bail granted by a custody officer), after “subsections” there shall be inserted “ (6ZAA), ”. F251132 Monitoring of compliance with conditions of non-secure remand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . F252133 Arrangements for detention in secure training centres . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 6 – Miscellaneous and supplemental Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or 101 before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Criminal records Registration for criminal records purposes After section 120 of the 1997 Act there shall be inserted— “120A Refusal and cancellation of registration The Secretary of State may refuse to include a person in the register maintained for the purposes of this Part if it appears to him that the registration of that person is likely to make it possible for information to become available to an individual who, in the Secretary of State’s opinion, is not a suitable person to have access to that information. The Secretary of State may remove a person from the register if it appears to the Secretary of State— that the registration of that person is likely to make it possible for information to become available to an individual who, in the Secretary of State’s opinion, is not a suitable person to have access to that information; or that the registration of that person has resulted in information becoming known to such an individual. In determining for the purposes of this section whether an individual is a suitable person to have access to any information, the Secretary of State may have regard, in particular, to— any information relating to that person which concerns a relevant matter; whether that person is included in any list mentioned in section 113(3A) or (3C); and any information provided to the Secretary of State under subsection (4). It shall be the duty of the chief officer of any police force to comply, as soon as practicable after receiving it, with any request by the Secretary of State to provide the Secretary of State with information which— is available to the chief