at providing clarity for training staff and the student officer themselves on police regulations such as Reg 12 and 13 and how it may apply to them. This will include breaches of professional behaviour, unsatisfactory performance, unsatisfactory attendance, suspension and resignation 5. Overview Police Constable entry programmes from June 2020 comprise: 5.1 Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) - Apprenticeship. follow an apprenticeship in professional policing practice. This route normally takes three years with both on and off-the-job learning. On successfully finishing the programme, you complete your probation and achieve a degree in Professional Policing Practice. 5.2 Degree Holder Entry Programme (DHEP) - Degree-holder entry. For those who have a degree in any subject, follows a work-based programme supported by off-the-job learning. This route normally takes two years and is recognised in a Graduate Diploma in Professional Policing Practice when probation is completed. 5.3 Pre- Join Pre-join degree. For those who have already completed a degree in professional policing at an HEI, follow a shorter on-the-job training programme with a 2 year probation period. 1.1 6. WORKING PRACTICES 6.1 Probation 6.1.1 All Student Officers will be required to complete a probationary period, during which time they must satisfy the Chief Constable of their ability to become physically and mentally fit to be a Police Constable and to pass their Student Officer Training Programme both academically and practically. 6.1.2 There are certain circumstances under which a Student OfficerÕs probationary period may be extended and when a Support Plan and Regulation 13 notice may be required. This will be authorised by the People Intelligence Board (PIB) as delegated to them by the Chief Constable. 6.1.3 There are occasions when variations in the programme may be allowed or an application is made to extend the probationary period owing to prolonged absence from core policing duties, sickness being an example. The Chair of the People Intelligence Board as the delegated authority, with the HEI has discretion, in any case, to extend the probationary period as the course length can be extended. 6.1.4 Student Officers will be under continuous assessment to ensure that they are both physically and mentally fit for Police duty, efficient and well conducted. 6.1.5 Officers re-joining Wiltshire Police may be required to undertake a period of probationary service. The Force will decide the duration of this period of probation after considering any training or development needs. 6.1.6 The probationary period for Student Officers is determined under Police Regulations 2003 Annex C Determination for Regulation 12 Ð and shall be on probation for the first 2 years of their service unless they join under the Police Constable Degree Apprenticeship (PCDA) whereby they will be on probation for 3 years. 6.2 Student Officer Training Programme 6.2.1 Student Officers will follow the PEQF (Police Education and Qualification Framework) training programmes via one of the three initial entry routes named above in Overview. 6.2.2 These entry programmes will be subject to an initial training phase, tutorship phase and ongoing continuous development with assessment. All entry routes