effectively. The injunction applicant should notify the people and organisations they consulted as part of the application process. If the court orders a variation or discharge of an injunction, the applicant should immediately inform their police and local authority partners and deliver a copy of this order to them. If an application to vary or discharge an injunction is dismissed, no further application to vary or discharge it may be made by any person without the consent of the court. 11.1. Variation of an injunction Applicants may consider applying to vary an injunction in response to changes in the respondentÕs behaviour and activities, including changes in their associations and the places in which they are suspected of engaging in gang-related activity. The powers of the court to vary an injunction include:29 • to include an additional prohibition or requirement in the injunction; • to extend the period for which a prohibition or requirement has effect; and • to attach a power of arrest or extend the period for which a power of arrest attached to the injunction has effect. When applying to vary an injunction by placing an additional prohibition or requirement on the respondent, applicants must show that the variation is necessary, either to prevent the respondent from engaging in, or being a victim of, gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. Applicants may apply for a variation of the injunction without giving notice to the respondent, but must state in the application why it was necessary not to give notice.30 11.2. Discharge of an injunction An application may also be made by the applicant or respondent to discharge an injunction. Applicants should consider applying to discharge an injunction when they believe the aims of the injunction have been met. This will be when the injunction is deemed no longer necessary to prevent the respondent from engaging in, encouraging or assisting gang-related violence or gang- related drug dealing, or to protect the respondent from such violence or criminality. The court will need to see evidence that this is the case. Progress the respondent has made in improving their behaviour, refraining from criminal activity and exiting the gang lifestyle should be gathered. Applicants can apply to discharge the injunction without giving notice to the respondent but should state in the application why notice has not been given.31 28 As amended by section 37 of the Crime and Security Act 2010. 29 Section 42(3) of the Policing and Crime Act 2009. 30 CPR 65.45. 31 CPR 65.45. 38 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 11.3. Review of an injunction Applicants should be aware of the review provisions contained in the 2009 Act. A review hearing is held for the purpose of considering whether an injunction should be varied or discharged. Review hearings may be scheduled for the following reasons: • courts have the power to schedule a review hearing(s) of their own motion, in which case the applicant and respondent are ordered to attend one or more