Recession and high home prices over the past decade.1 Shared appreciation mortgages are structured as deferred, interest-free loans repaid upon sale or refinancing, with homeowners sharing a percentage of any appreciation.5 Local and state housing authorities should utilize Community Development Block Grant funds to subsidize community financial institutions in providing shared appreciation mortgages to borrowers. Housing authorities should ensure that strict oversight is kept over financial institutions to ensure predatory lending practices do not occur. Implementation Local and state housing authorities should use Community Development Block Grant funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to “sponsor” certain financial institutions in providing shared appreciation mortgages. Local and state governments should prioritize collaborating with local community banks and credit unions for loan distribution, as local financial institutions are often more attuned to the unique needs of residents compared to larger financial institutions.8 Nevertheless, strict oversight is essential: local and state housing authorities must develop clear regulatory frameworks and monitoring practices to prevent predatory lending and ensure responsible loan distribution. This may include regular financial reports on the program’s efficacy. Furthermore, if the necessary funds are available, the government should contract an outside firm to evaluate the program’s effectiveness. Local and state housing authorities should ensure their shared appreciation mortgages rely on diverse funding sources. While federal block grants, such as the Community Development Block Grant, can be the primary source of subsidies for these mortgages, governments should work with financial institutions to finance these loans via alternative means, such as through mortgage-backed securities or government bonds. Housing authorities can also consider reaching out to philanthropic organizations or private investors who may be interested in the housing market. Clear eligibility requirements are crucial to ensure the program reaches its target demographic. For example, the shared appreciation mortgage program in Boulder, Colorado, mandates that enrollees have a family income at 80% of the area’s median, enrollees must work within the city’s formal limits, and enrollees must participate in a financial literacy class for buying a home.9 Programs can also create rules limiting the location, price range, and type of home that can be purchased with a shared appreciation mortgage. For example, Arlington, Virginia’s program does not allow homes to be bought with a shared appreciation mortgage if its price exceeds $500,000.9 This helps to finetune shared appreciation mortgage programs to align with housing market dynamics in a given location. The application process should be as accessible and streamlined as possible to encourage high participation rates. Multiple application pathways, including an online form and a paper application that can be mailed or submitted in person, will accommodate diverse applicant needs. It is imperative to conduct outreach in communities with low homeownership rates. Creating social media adverts, posting flyers in physical spaces, hosting informational town halls, and collaborating with other public entities to spread information are all potential methods of performing such outreach. By implementing these key strategies, local governments can create a more equitable homeownership environment for all. Works Cited Lowest homeownership