at any time before the order is due to expire, reduce the period for which the order is to have effect if satisfied on reasonable grounds that the reduced period will be sufficient having regard to the degree of risk of an occurrence, recurrence or increase such as is mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b). (4) An extension or reduction under this section of the period for which an order has effect must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. (5) An expedited order may be extended or reduced under this section more than once.Ó (4) After section 72 insertÑ Ò72A Expedited orders: Convention rights and consents (1) A local authority, in decidingÑ (a) whether to make an expedited order (under section 59A) and if so what it should include, (b) whether to extend or reduce the period for which an expedited order has effect (under section 60A) and if so by how much, (c) whether to vary an expedited order (under section 61) and if so how, or (d) whether to discharge an expedited order (under section 61), must have particular regard to the rights of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly set out in articles 10 and 11 of the Convention. (2) In subsection (1) ÒConventionÓ has the meaning given by section 21(1) of the Human Rights Act 1998. (3) A local authority must obtain the necessary consents beforeÑ (a) making an expedited order, (b) extending or reducing the period for which an expedited order has effect, or (c) varying or discharging an expedited order. (4) If the order referred to in subsection (3) was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on section 59A(2)(a), Òthe necessary consentsÓ means the consent ofÑ (1) 94 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the chief officer of police for the police area that includes the restricted area, and (b) a person authorised (whether in specific or general terms) by the appropriate authority for the school or 16 to 19 Academy. (5) If the order referred to in subsection (3) was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on section 59A(2)(b), Òthe necessary consentsÓ means the consent ofÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area that includes the restricted area, and (b) a person authorised by the appropriate NHS authority. (6) In this sectionÑ Òappropriate authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a school maintained by a local