conditions referred to in subsection (1F) areÑ (a) that the person has not been photographed since being convicted or cautioned, or (b) that the person has been so photographed butÑ (i) any photograph taken on such a previous occasion is unavailable or inadequate, and (ii) a constable considers that taking a further photograph is necessary to assist in the prevention or detection of crime. (1H) A person falls within this subsection ifÑ (a) under the law in force in a country or territory outside England and Wales the person has been convicted of an offence under that law (whether before or after the coming into force of this subsection and whether or not they have been punished for it), (b) the act constituting the offence would constitute a qualifying offence if done in England and Wales (whether or not it constituted such an offence when the person was convicted), and (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 55 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) either of the conditions in subsection (1I) is met in relation to that person. (1I) The conditions referred to in subsection (1H) areÑ (a) that the person has not been photographed on a previous occasion by virtue of being a person falling within subsection (1H), or (b) that the person has been so photographed butÑ (i) any photograph taken on such a previous occasion is unavailable or inadequate, and (ii) a constable considers that taking a further photograph is necessary to assist in the prevention or detection of crime. (1J) A person who falls within subsection (1F) or (1H) may be photographed under subsection (1C) only with the authorisation of an officer of at least the rank of inspector. (1K) An officer may only give an authorisation under subsection (1J) if the officer is satisfied that taking the photograph is necessary to assist in the prevention or detection of crime. (1L) In subsections (1E), (1G) and (1I)Ñ (a) references to a photograph being unavailable include references to a photograph being lost or destroyed, and (b) references to a photograph being inadequate include references to a photograph beingÑ (i) unclear, (ii) an incomplete photograph of the subject, or (iii) no longer an accurate representation of the subjectÕs appearance. (1M) In subsections (1E), (1G), (1I) and (1K) references to crime include references to any conduct whichÑ (a) constitutes one or more criminal offences (whether under the law of a part of the United Kingdom or of a country