2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (3) The court may, if it considers it just to do so, make an interim sexual risk order, prohibiting the defendant from doing anything described in the order. (4) Such an orderÑ (a) has effect only for a fixed period, specified in the order; (b) ceases to have effect, if it has not already done so, on the determination of the main application. (5) The applicant or the defendant may by complaint apply to the court that made the interim sexual risk order for the order to be varied, renewed or discharged. Sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders: notification requirements 122(F1) A person in respect of whom a court makesÑ (a) a sexual risk order (other than one that replaces an interim sexual risk order), or (b) an interim sexual risk order, must, within the period of 3 days beginning with the date of service of the order, notify to the police the information set out in subsection (2) (unless the person is subject to the notification requirements of this Part on that date). (2) The information isÑ (a) the person's name and, where the person uses one or more other names, each of those names; (b) the person's home address. (3) A person whoÑ (a) is subject to a sexual risk order or an interim sexual risk order (but is not subject to the notification requirements of this Part), and (b) uses a name which has not been notified under this section (or under any other provision of this Part), or changes home address, must, within the period of 3 days beginning with the date on which that happens, notify to the police that name or (as the case may be) the new home address. (4) Sections 87 (method of notification and related matters) and 91 (offences relating to notification) apply for the purposes of this sectionÑ (a) with references to section 83(1) being read as references to subsection (1) above, (b) with references to section 84(1) being read as references to subsection (3) above, and (c) with the omission of section 87(2)(b). Sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders: appeals 122G(1) A defendant may appeal to the Crown CourtÑ (a) against the making of a sexual risk order; (b) against the making of an interim sexual risk order; or (c) against the making of an order under section 122D, or the refusal to make such an order. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3