and identify victims of mass fatality incidents. DNA profiling techniques may be particularly useful if the victimsÕ bodies are disrupted or decomposing. DNA may still be successfully obtained from teeth or bone samples in those cases. DNA profiling is a comparative technique. In order for the identification commission to make a positive identification, two different samples are required. The first is a post-mortem DNA sample taken from the victim. The second is a DNA sample collected during antemortem procedures from the person believed to be the potential victim. In managing the DNA identification process, the SIM may need to establish a DNA reconciliation team. This team has three functions: DNA post-mortem team for sample profiling DNA antemortem team for sample profiling DNA data reconciliation team for data matching DNA samples may be used within the reconciliation process as part of identification. Forensic anthropology The human skeleton is a hard tissue that is resistant to decomposition and survives disruption. Forensic osteology is a sub-discipline of anthropology and can be of assistance when bones are being examined. The identification process involves selecting and cleaning bones for examination. This can be done in a mortuary. Benefits of an osteological examination An osteological examination may provide information on: age sex racial characteristics physical stature congenital and developmental disease medical conditions healed fractures anomalies or abnormalities, including surgical hardware and prosthetic devices perimortem trauma (trauma caused during death) the anatomical location of body parts distinction between human and non-human material CT scanning HM coroner or procurator fiscal or pathologist may wish to perform CT scanning to assist in identifying a body or material. CT scanning can be used for the whole body and the teeth to find clues to the cause or manner of death. A CT scan can diagnose a specific injury, disease or abnormality. It may also help to screen deceased persons or human remains for foreign material such as: pacemakers implants metallic items explosives devices firearm projectiles CT scanning is of particular use in response to a CBRN mass fatality incident, as it enables the pathology team to view the contents of a body bag in detail before exposing themselves to the risk of opening the bag. Investigative human samples All requests for invasive forensic procedures regarding deceased persons or human remains (including removing samples, organs or limbs) must be made to HM coroner or procurator fiscal. These processes should only be done in accordance with the Human Tissue Act 2004. Samples taken during a post-mortem examination or under a special examination may have separate or dual status under coronial jurisdiction and as evidence under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984. The SIO and SIM should agree on the nature of samples required for investigation and identification purposes. The decisions that come under dual jurisdiction should be recorded in the respective policy books. Once agreed, they should consult HM coroner or procurator fiscal or to authorise the samples to be taken. The lead pathologist may arrange for these samples to be