31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes would constitute an offence listed in Schedule 3 if done in any part of the United Kingdom. 136ZI Variation, renewal or discharge of sexual risk order made in Scotland by court in England and Wales (1) This section applies where a relevant Scottish order has been made in respect of a person (Òthe defendantÓ) who nowÑ (a) is residing in England and Wales, or (b) is in or is intending to come to England and Wales. (2) In this section Òrelevant Scottish orderÓ means a sexual risk order made under section 27 of the Abusive Behaviour and Sexual Harm (Scotland) Act 2016 (asp 22). (3) A person within subsection (4) may by complaint to the appropriate court apply for an order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant Scottish order. (4) Those persons areÑ (a) the defendant; (b) the chief officer of police for the area in which the defendant resides; (c) a chief officer of police who believes that the defendant is in, or is intending to come to, that officerÔs police area. (5) If a list has been published under section 172 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (list of countries where children are at high risk of sexual abuse or sexual exploitation) and has not been withdrawn, a person mentioned in subsection (4)(b) or (c) must have regard to the list in consideringÑ (a) whether to apply for an order varying or renewing the relevant Scottish order for the purpose of protecting children generally, or any particular children, from sexual harm from the defendant outside the United Kingdom, and (b) in particular, whether to apply for an order imposing, varying or renewing a prohibition on foreign travel for that purpose. (6) Subject to subsections (7) to (14), on the application the court, after hearing the person making the application and (if they wish to be heard) the other persons mentioned in subsection (4), may make any order varying, renewing or discharging the relevant Scottish order that the court considers appropriate. (7) In determining the application the court must have regard toÑ (a) the time for which the defendant is likely to remain in England and Wales, and (b) whether the defendant is likely to return to, or to visit, Scotland. (8) A relevant Scottish order may be renewed, or varied under this section so as to impose additional prohibitions or requirements on the defendant, only if it is necessary to do so for the purpose ofÑ (1) 380 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 18 Ð Variation etc of order by court in another part of the United Kingdom Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act