2013, the state established the New York Sun Act to expand solar energy in New York by offering incentives for installations, lowering energy costs, and creating jobs.6 However, New York State has no policies to specifically address or incentivize agrivoltaic production, despite the benefits and the region’s high demand. Amending New York’s renewable energy policies to include agrivoltaics is crucial for reaching clean energy goals while preserving farmland—an opportunity New York cannot overlook. Policy Idea Amend the New York Sun Act to establish a program that promotes dual-use solar. The program should directly target farmers and solar providers for maximum impact. Solar companies should be incentivized to build agriculturally focused projects through a payment on top of the base rate. The program will grant preservation status to farms that join, preventing future land development. As farmers cannot often establish relationships with other farms interested in agrivoltaics and with solar companies, the Department of Agriculture and Markets and Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSDERA) should involve staff to manage the initiative. New York State should begin with a two-year, multi-phase pilot program featuring quarterly assessment and input sessions. Then, the policy should be adapted, such as alterations to budget and staff allocation, before being turned into permanent legislation. The ten- year goal of this policy is for 5% of all NY solar acreage to be dual-use. Policy Analysis Solar grazing offers diverse benefits that solve climate problems, such as managing the landscape without fossil fuels, increasing biodiversity, improving soil health, and promoting local sheep farmers.1 The policy mitigates small-scale farmers’ limited access to solar sites by providing agency support staff to bridge the gap between farmers and energy providers. In addition, strong incentives for solar providers ensure that their sites become dual-use and they can lease the land for minimal cost. The program should be similar to the structure of the Solar Massachusetts Renewable Target (SMART) Project, which has achieved high levels of success and public perception.7 In Massachusetts 15%, of solar sites (7 sites) are incentivized by the SMART program to have dual-use solar, and there are additionally 14 more sites that are on their way to use the program to adopt agrivoltaic practices.8 The SMART program has received strong support by both policymakers and its stakeholders, which will lead to its continued funding.9 It is important to note the slow progress the SMART program had, implementing support staff will increase the number of farms joining the agrivoltaic initiative. Unlike policies in other states, this policy will have an agricultural focus in addition to an energy-based focus. As farms join the project, the land will become conserved, with the ability to conserve hundreds of thousands of acres of New York farmland in just the first decade of implementation. This could lead to the creation of more jobs, a stronger local economy of farmers, and more resilient farms. Highlights A dual-use solar policy will conserve agricultural land and diversify farmers’ incomes.2 The role of designated staff at NY Ag and Markets