A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with a requirement imposed under sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) is guilty of an offence, and (b) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (3) Where the Secretary of State receives a Northern Ireland test certificate pursuant to a requirement to surrender it imposed under sub-paragraph (1), the Secretary of State must send it to the licensing authority in Northern Ireland.Ó (5) In paragraph 6(1), omit Òor (1ZA)Ó. (6) Omit paragraph 7 and the italic heading before it. (4) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Surrender of licences and test certificates by new drivers Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 307 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) for sub-paragraph (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) WhereÑ (a) there is a person to whom this Part of this Schedule applies, (b) the person satisfies the conditions in section 2(1)(b) to (da) and (f) or (3)(a) to (d) and (f), (c) the Secretary of State is satisfied that the person has been issued with a test certificate, and (d) the personÕs driving record, licence or test certificate shows the date on which the person became a qualified driver, the Secretary of State must by notice served on the person revoke the personÕs licence and test certificate and this sub-paragraph applies to the person instead of section 3(1).Ó; (b) omit sub-paragraph (1ZA); (c) in sub-paragraph (1A)Ñ (i) omit Òor (1ZA)Ó, and (ii) for Òthe Northern Ireland licence and the Northern Ireland test certificateÓ substitute ÒÑ (a) if the Secretary of State is already in receipt of it, the Northern Ireland licence, and (b) if the Secretary of State is already in receipt of it, the Northern Ireland test certificate.Ó; (d) in sub-paragraph (1B), omit Òor (1ZA)Ó. (8) After paragraph 8 insertÑ ÒSurrender of licence and test certificate 8A (1) WhereÑ (a) the Secretary of State is required under paragraph 8(1) or (1B) to serve a notice on a person revoking the personÕs licence and test certificate, and (b) the Secretary of State is not already in receipt of the licence or test certificate, the notice may also require the person to surrender the licence, or test certificate, or both (as the case may be) to the Secretary of State before the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the date on which the notice is served. (2) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with a requirement imposed under sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) is guilty of an offence, and (b) is liable on summary