¤127e operations that violate Leahy law or are otherwise stopped due to congressional oversight and diverting such funding to the VA would help alleviate the financial strains caused by veteran rehabilitation needs and ensure all veterans may access the healthcare they are entitled to. Implementation The Senate and House Armed Services Committees should introduce bills to amend 10 U.S.C. ¤127e and then refer them to each chamberÕs Committee on VeteransÕ Affairs and Committee on Foreign Affairs. This bill should hold all ongoing and future ¤127e operations to Leahy law standards, require an audit of ongoing ¤127e operations to be submitted to Congress, mandate biannual reports to the three committees in both chambers, update reporting requirements for new ¤127e operations, and require any funding withheld from ¤127e operations to be directed to the VA. To gain bipartisan support for successful bill passage, several hearings should be organized in each committee. These hearings should include DoD and military personnel witnesses that oversee and lead ¤127e operations, as well as testimony from investigatory organizations that may detail operative human rights violations. These hearings may be closed to the public in order to ensure witness honesty and transparency, avoid prioritization of media appearance from members of Congress, and prevent DoD backlash to witnesses. Strategic messaging surrounding the bill should emphasize the importance of congressional oversight and veteran rehabilitation in the country, both sufficiently bipartisan topics.15 Media outreach should serve to create public awareness and pressure congressmembers to reform DoD funding. This media campaign may be led by members of Congress in relevant committees, such as the Chairs of the Committees on Armed Services, and should emphasize visibility in national news outlets and social media. Should opposition to the bill persist by pro-military members of Congress, non-governmental organizations should organize a grassroots lobbying campaign. Advocacy and research groups that have shown sufficient interest in human rights vetting and veteransÕ rights, including Amnesty International, Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Brennan Center for Justice may work to spread awareness of ¤127e operations, promote lobbying efforts by constituents, and publicly pressure Congress members to support human and veteran rights.2,16,17 Upon the billÕs successful passage, a DoD report on all current ¤127e operations should be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Armed Services, VeteransÕ Affairs, and Foreign Affairs. In order to preserve security interests, closed hearings should be scheduled in each committee for expert witnesses from the DoD to testify on the reports, specify whether or not each operation adheres to an application of Leahy law, and present the operationsÕ budgets. As required under the updated code and subject to the required notice of these committees, all operations determined to violate Leahy law will be directed to be safely and promptly terminated within 30 days. All remaining funds dedicated to each canceled operation will be added to the VAÕs budget in the next appropriations bill. Once in the hands of the VA, the money can be distributed between rehabilitation programs, providing veterans with the care they