as it will provide the basis upon which all subsequent BCM policies and processes are based. 6.1. 6.54. An understanding of the organisation comes from: o the organisationÕs objectives, obligations, statutory duties and operating environment; o the activities, assets and resources that support the delivery of key products and services; o assessing the impact and consequences of failure of these activities; and o identifying and evaluating the threats that could disrupt these. 6.55. Category 1 responders should carry out a business impact analysis that assesses over time the impacts if the activity was disrupted; and establish the maximum tolerable period of disruption (MTPD) of each. MTPDs can be worked out by looking at the: o time period after disruption that the activity must be resumed; o minimum level needed upon resumption; and o time period for achieving normal levels of operation. Key to this is identifying interdependencies (assets, infrastructure, and resources) to be maintained. 6.56. Category 1 responders should consider the following when assessing impacts: o the impact on staff or public wellbeing; o the impact of damage to, or loss of, premises, technology or information; o the impact of breaches of statutory duties or regulatory requirements; o o reputation damage; o damage to financial viability; o deterioration of product or service quality; environmental damage; and o external services and suppliers. Category 1 responders should document this process (approach, findings and conclusions). 6.57. Identification of critical activities is essential to prioritise the areas that need to be focused on. In basic terms, an organisationÕs critical activities are those that would have the greatest impact in the shortest time. 6.58. Risk assessment is vital in evaluating threats, and risk should be understood in respect of the organisationÕs critical activities. By utilising recognised risk techniques, a scoring can be achieved. Guidance on conducting risk assessments can be found in Chapter 4 of this guidance. Annex 4F sets out a risk matrix that can be used to score impacts. 6.59. Having identified those areas where the Category 1 responder is most at risk, a decision has to be made as to what approach is to be taken to protect the operation. This decision along with a documented list of key products and services, the business impact analysis and the risk assessment should be signed off by top management to ensure that the work is a true reflection of the organisation. 6.1. 6.60. As Annex 4F explains, the nature of the risk - defined in terms of its likelihood and impact - will determine which business continuity strategy is appropriate and what, if any, action is required. At one end of the spectrum, disruptions that are low likelihood and low impact may require no specific action, and may merely be dealt with through generic arrangements. Risks that are high impact and high probability, on the other hand, may point to the development of specific plans and risk mitigation strategies. 6.61. A number of the strategies that could be adopted are given below: o do