days, you will still receive this in the usual way. In addition, we will also pay you for each hour that you work during a SPLIT day at your usual hourly rate. You can claim payment for SPLIT days by completing FORM SPL-H and submitting it to the Payroll Helpdesk. 7.37 Returning to work The individual has the right to resume working in the same job when returning to work from shared parental leave if the period of leave, when added to any other period of shared parental leave, statutory adoption leave or statutory paternity leave taken by the individual in relation to the same child, is 26 weeks or less. If the individual is returning to work from shared parental leave and the period of leave taken is more than 26 weeks, when added to any other period of shared parental leave, statutory adoption or paternity leave taken in relation to the same child, or was the last of two or more consecutive periods of statutory leave that included a period of ordinary parental leave of more than four weeks, or a period of additional adoption leave or additional maternity leave, the individual has the right to return to the same job unless this is not reasonably practicable. In these circumstances, if it is not reasonably practicable for the organisation to permit a return to the same job, the individual has the right to return to another job that is suitable and appropriate for them. SECTION 8 MATERNITY / ADOPTION SUPPORT LEAVE (previously referred to as Paternity leave) 8.1 Rights This policy applies to same sex couples, married and unmarried couples, civil partners and single parents. This procedure has been formulated to advise you on the entitlements that a father, partner or nominated carer of an expectant mother or adoptive parent can expect. This procedure will ensure; The father, partner or nominated carer is able to provide support and care for the mother or adoptive parent at or around the time of birth or placement. The entitlements to Maternity and Adoption Support Leave (also known as Paternity Leave) and statutory Paternity Pay (SPP) allow you to take paid leave to care for a baby or to support the mother following birth. It also allows for you to take a period of paid leave to support an adoptive parent at or around the time of the placement of a child for adoption. 8.2 Entitlements Maternity Support Leave and pay are part of a package of entitlements designed to give support to working fathers, mothers and your partners. These entitlements apply regardless of the hours you work, providing you have 26 weeksÕ qualifying service (ending with the fifteenth week before the baby is due or the week a child has been matched with you for adoption). These entitlements apply to individuals who adopt or one member of a couple adopting jointly. The entitlement is for two weeks paid at Statutory Paternity Pay (equivalent to the standard rate of SMP) (providing you