the very least, frequent attention by patrolling attendants, but ideally by someone having direct line of sight. Keys 6.36 Security arrangements should include a system for ensuring the safe custody of keys, both to display cabinets and the building. As a rule only keys sufficient to enter should be taken from the premises. 6.37 Internal keys need to be in a key safe or cabinet that is out of general view and in a secure area. 6.38 Keys are to be only issued to authorised persons and trusted and vetted partners. . 6.1 Private Collections and Collections on Public Display 6.39 The security of premises housing private collections of or including section 5 firearms must be not less than that required for other firearms of similar type and quantity. This is also relevant to section 7(1) firearms. 6.40 Where individual collections containing a number of firearms under section 7(1) or trophies of war are kept in domestic premises, they should be secured to the standard applicable at Level 3. 6.41 If the collection is kept on other premises and exhibited to the public on those premises the appropriate requirements of museums & galleries must be considered. 6.42 When not on display collections should be secured in cabinets which are either manufactured and installed to BS7558 -1992, or provide equal or better security. 6.43 Any display cases for such collections should be equal to the resistance offered by cabinets to BS7558 with glazing to BS EN 356:2000 General requirements are contained in Annex A. 6.44 Display cases whose glazing does not conform to the above should only be considered where arrangements exist to close the glazed area with a steel door/cover which provide appropriate locking, or internal security which prevents the firearms removal within the limits expected from a BS7558 - 1992 cabinet. 6.45 Where collections are to be exhibited at venues, secure display cases as provided in Annex A should be fully closed and locked. Where possible they should be anchored to bases or tables to prevent easy removal. 6.46 Display cases should not normally have tops with lifting glazed panels unless the firearms are secured to the case with restraints or key operated toggles. 6.47 Firearms display cases must be under surveillance from CCTV or member of staff. 6.48 Where collections are to be displayed for a number of days and not returned overnight to their normal place of keeping, the exhibitors must arrange continual supervision of the articles, if they are kept on premises which do not have security applicable to their usual storage. 6.49 When presentations etc. are part of the exhibition, firearms should not be on unsecured display unless: a) the firearms are in the possession of the person delivering the presentation and/or an authorised assistant; b) the audience is arranged so that no person may gain access to the firearm(s) subject of a presentation; and c) arrangements are provided that allow for the return of the firearm being used to a secured exhibition container or