give details of the right of appeal against the information notice under paragraph 19ZC. The period specified under sub-paragraph (4)(b) must not end before the end of the period within which an appeal can be brought against the notice and, if such an appeal is brought, the information need not be provided pending the determination or withdrawal of the appeal. The [F632Director General] may cancel an information notice by written notice to the person on whom it was served.] [F768Failure to comply with information notice 19ZB (1) If a person who has received an information notice— fails or refuses to provide the information required by the notice, or knowingly or recklessly provides information in response to the notice that is false in a material respect, the [F632Director General] may certify in writing to the High Court that the person has failed to comply with the information notice. (2) The High Court may then inquire into the matter and, after hearing any witness who may be produced against or on behalf of the person, and after hearing any statement 204 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes offered in defence, deal with the person as if the person had committed a contempt of court.] [F768Appeals against information notices 19ZC (1) A person on whom an information notice is served may appeal against the notice to the First-tier Tribunal on the ground that the notice is not in accordance with the law. If the Tribunal considers that the notice is not in accordance with the law— it must quash the notice, and it may give directions to the [F632Director General] in relation to the service of a further information notice.] [F768Sensitive information: restriction on further disclosure] F77319ZD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F774Investigations by the [F632Director General]: power of seizure 19ZE (1) The powers conferred by this paragraph are exercisable by a person— who is designated under paragraph 19(2) in relation to an investigation (the “designated person”), and who is lawfully on any premises for the purposes of the investigation. The designated person may seize anything which is on the premises if the designated person has reasonable grounds for believing— Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes