Permit in order to dispose of the certificated arms will be issued to the Executor or their nominated agent. Visitors 11.26 The acquisition of shot guns for export without a certificate and visitorsÕ shot gun permits are dealt with in chapters 6 and 26 respectively. Representatives of Foreign States and Commonwealth countries 11.27 A person who enjoys diplomatic privilege, whether representing a government or international organisation, is expected to hold a certificate in respect of any shot gun to which section 2 of the 1968 Act applies, which is used or carried outside the confines of the embassy, consulate or similar establishment. The principles which normally govern the granting of certificates should be observed. The Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964 and the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations 1961 exempt diplomats from payment of the certificate fee. Diplomatic privileges have also been extended to some international bodies, for example the International Maritime Organisation. Any enquires about the status of such an organisation or its employees should be referred to the International Organisations Team, Diplomatic 92 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Missions and International Organisations Unit, Protocol Directorate, Foreign and Commonwealth Office. 93 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 12: Good reason to possess a firearm 12.1 This chapter: i. sets out the issues that chief officers will wish to consider in assessing Ògood reasonÓ in individual cases; ii. advises on the more common Ògood reasonsÓ that the Home Office would consider proper for the possession of particular firearms and ammunition; and iii. sets out the guiding principles governing the definition of a Ògood reasonÓ to possess a firearm. The guiding principle behind the requirement to have a Ògood reasonÓ to possess, purchase or acquire firearms or ammunition, is that firearms are dangerous weapons and the state has a duty to protect the public from their misuse. In general, applicants should be able to demonstrate that they ÔuseÕ their firearm on a regular, legitimate basis for work, sport or leisure (including collections or research). Introduction 12.2 Under section 27(1)(b) of the Firearms Act 1968, firearm certificates shall be granted by chief officers of police if they are satisfied that applicants have a Ògood reasonÓ for having in their possession, or for purchasing or acquiring, the firearm or ammunition in respect of which applications are made and that in all the circumstances the applicants can be permitted to have the firearm or ammunition in their possession without danger to public safety or to the peace. Apart from assessing fitness to possess firearms, Ògood reasonÓ is one of the most substantial and complex areas of discretion that chief officers may exercise in licensing firearms. It is therefore imperative that any decision to refuse on grounds of Ògood reasonÓ must be reasonable. 12.3 This guidance is not exhaustive. Chief officers will encounter cases not covered here where they may properly judge that Ògood reasonÓ is proven. Each case must be judged on its own merits, being mindful of the consistent administration of the Acts and the