endorsing public transit improvements, advocacy organizations, including Transportation for America and the American Public Transportation Association, would also support the proposal by lobbying other NYC councilmembers.18, 19 The NYC Council would work closely with the MTA to administer and oversee the expanded program. The main challenge to implementing this expansion is the $3.495 billion in lost fares.12 Although the congestion tax hike would fully cover any lost fare revenue associated with the proposed Fair Fares expansion, only $255 million remain per year for any subway and bus upgrades.12, 14 The MTA can apply for government subsidies from President Biden’s Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, which allocated $8 billion to expand high-capacity rail and bus services in states across the US.20 If federal funding falls through, the MTA can also increase revenue by combatting fare evasion. The MTA can station more officials in high-traffic subway and bus stations to discourage potential fare evaders.21 Although there would be an associated personnel cost, the increased revenue would be significant, given that fare evasion affects 14% of subway and 48% of bus rides in New York City.22, 23 Administrative adjustments associated with special MetroCards could be combated by utilizing infrastructure from the existing Fair Fares program, using any of the aforementioned funding sources to cover the costs associated with program expansion, including personnel and administrative costs. Limited publicity was another issue with the original Fair Fares program. To address this, the MTA will partner with community organizations to significantly publicize Fair Fares. The campaign will include posters and advertisements in low-income neighborhoods and public housing projects. Publicity would cost roughly $75-150 per advertisement, which could be covered by the 4 to 1 economic return increased public transportation provides.24, 25 The MTA will also put advertisements on buses and subways, directly reaching eligible riders. To gather community feedback, the MTA will collaborate with community-based organizations in low-income communities to run surveys to determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. The Fair Fares expansion will coincide with the NYC congestion tax on January 5th, 2025.14 Advertising will start simultaneously and continue throughout 2025. The MTA will also conduct quarterly ridership and advertising effectiveness evaluations starting in 2026. The success of this program will be measured using quarterly evaluations of ridership growth among Fair Fares users. Given that the MTA already tracks ridership using MetroCard swipes, those who swipe using the special Fair Fares MetroCard would be tracked separately to measure the success of this program specifically. Overall, expanding the Fair Fares program would fight against New York City’s income inequality by providing low-income individuals with increased access to jobs that can support their upward economic mobility. Works Cited Kent, Ana Hernández, and Lowell Ricketts. “The State of U. S. Wealth Inequality.” The State of U.S. Wealth Inequality. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, August 2, 2024. https://www.stlouisfed.org/institute- for-economic-equity/the-state-of- us-wealth-inequality. Chen, Stefanos. “New York Is Rebounding for the Rich. Nearly Everyone Else Is Struggling.” New York Times, September 28, 2023. https://www.nytimes.com/2023/09/ 28/nyregion/nyc-income-gap- wages.html. “Inequality in New York & Options for