may result in the victim questioning or doubting their own experiences and developing low self-esteem.68 See also the ‘Mental health’ section in ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’. Suicide The psychological impact of domestic abuse can be so severe that it leads to suicide ideation and attempt. The severity and time span of the abuse, and existing mental health needs of the victim, may be specific risk factors. For the year ending March 2018, 11% of male and 7% of female victims of partner abuse attempted suicide in the previous year.69 The Domestic Homicide Project found that there were 39 suspected victim suicides following domestic abuse in the year to 31 March 2021. The majority (35) were female, with four cases involving male victims. This is likely an underestimate of all victim suicides with a history of domestic abuse, as it excludes suicides where a prior history of domestic abuse was not known to police.70 Refuge gathered data on over 3,500 of its service users and found that 24% had felt suicidal at one time or another, 18% had made plans to end their life and 3% had made at least one suicide attempt.71 There is increasing awareness of the links between domestic abuse and suicide and the need for early intervention. Long-term trauma may not always be recognised in victims, who may be facing multiple disadvantages, such as, but not limited to, disabled victims, those with cognitive issues, mental ill health and/or issues with substance misuse. The impact of trauma may similarly be overlooked in children and young people. Prior experiences of physical or psychological trauma, because of bullying, discrimination and hate crime, may make victims of domestic abuse less likely to seek help. Adopting a trauma- informed approach to responding to domestic abuse is therefore essential, recognising the signs and symptoms of trauma and, in acknowledging this, providing appropriate support seeking not to re-traumatise. 67 Kelly. L (1999). Domestic Violence Matters: an evaluation of a development project, pp.35-37 68 See Women’s Aid. Women’s Aid responds to Prime Minister’s commitment to toughen laws on gaslighting: 2018. 69 ONS. Domestic abuse: findings from the Crime Survey for England and Wales - Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2018. 70 Domestic Homicides and Suspected Victim Suicides During the Covid-19 Pandemic 2020-2021 (publishing.service.gov.uk). 71 Aitken, R, Munro, V. Domestic abuse and suicide: exploring the links with refuge’s client Base and work force. London; University of Warwick, School of Law: Refuge: 2018. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Addiction Some victims develop addictions, for example, they may begin smoking or using drugs or alcohol to help cope with abuse and this dependency may progress. Perpetrators can try to exploit a victim’s addictions. With drugs or alcohol, a perpetrator may try to sustain a victim’s dependency or threaten to expose this to professionals. This can be particularly threatening to victims with children, or those from cultural backgrounds where drinking alcohol or misusing substances may be