Date: March 2023 POLICY STATEMENT The principle of this policy is to ensure that all firearms, shotguns and explosives in the County are licensed in accordance with relevant legislation. The safety of our communities is of paramount importance when considering the issue of firearms to members of the public and this policy seeks to provide our communities with the best possible service and to protect them from harm. Processes are in place to ensure that firearm, shotgun & explosives certificates are issued only to persons considered suitable to hold them. Any certificate holder who is brought to the notice of the police, in circumstances casting doubt upon their continued suitability to hold a firearm or shotgun certificate, will be the subject of an immediate and robust review process. All applications (including applications from Wiltshire Police Officers and staff) will be treated on their own merits in accordance with the Firearms Act 1968, as amended, taking into account the applicantÕs request, against guidance issued on such matters by the Home Office publication ÔFirearms Law Guidance to the Police 2016Õ and the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) ÔProcedural Good Practice Guide 2002Õ. This will be achieved through a centralised administrative unit responsible for processing applications concerning firearms and shotgun certificates. Specialist Firearm and Explosives Enquiry Officers (FEOs) will undertake interviews with applicants and conduct a risk assessment to ensure they are a fit and proper person to possess firearms. Some of the risk factors considered can be found in appendix A. The Domestic Abuse Unit/Public Protection Unit will be consulted and multi-agency liaison may be necessary to properly assess whether the applicant can hold a firearm or shotgun without danger to public safety or the peace. All applications, where there is a history of domestic abuse, will be referred to the Domestic Abuse Unit for their professional opinion to be given to assist the decision making process. Medical information required by the police: When a person applies for a firearm or shotgun certificate or to be registered as a firearms dealer, the applicant will ask their GP, or a suitably qualified GMC-registered doctor, to provide information to the police which will confirm whether or not the applicant is or has been diagnosed or treated for any relevant medical condition which could affect their ability to possess a firearm safely. A medical proforma to be used for this purpose is part of the firearms application form and should be detached by the applicant and passed by them to the doctor for completion. This process is also to be used for the renewal of certificates. All applicants under the age of eighteen will be subject to additional scrutiny to confirm their maturity and general behaviour. The parent/guardian of the applicant will be required to give authority for the police to approach the head teacher of their son/daughters school. A standard letter will then be sent to the school requesting factual details and history of the applicantÕs behaviour and maturity. The details included in