embedded in the multi-agency response and should consider how best to reach all victims, including children and young people who may face additional barriers accessing services or making their voice heard. Their views should be used to assess the risk that the perpetrator(s) of the abuse pose(s) to other family members and the impact this has on their needs, such as safety, health, housing, and wellbeing. The safety and support for the victim should be central to any approach or engagement with other family members. Be trained to identify and understand the different typologies of abuse and perpetrators, the prevalence of different types of abuse in the local area, and 209 Standing Together. In Search of Excellence: A refreshed guide to effective domestic abuse partnership work – The Coordinated Community Response (CCR): 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance the appropriate strategies to reduce abusive behaviour recognising that different groups of professionals need different levels of training and awareness based on their level of contact with children and families. Have embedded, or have readily available, input from specialist agencies and 'by and for' services that have a proven track record of supporting victims of domestic abuse and who are aware and experienced in working with male and female victims with protected characteristics, including being from an ethnic minority, being disabled, LGBT or from a particular religion or faith. Fully inform victims about the purpose and aims of the multi-agency safeguarding team where such a team is in place. The team needs to be aware that victims may perceive the involvement of statutory agencies in their situation in a negative way. They may fear that they will not be believed, that they will be blamed for the abuse and that they may lose their children. Agencies should be trained to understand the different forms of abuse including coercive, controlling and violent behaviour and the impact it has on male and female victims, and this should inform professional practice. Develop processes to ensure that individuals do not have to repeat their story to several professionals in different agencies. The team should consider a single point of contact approach with the person acting as a lead seeking consent to share information with relevant partners in all situations where it is possible and legally required. Develop processes that ensure that the safety, needs and wishes of all non-abusive family members are sought at the earliest opportunity and that plans are developed which are responsive to the views they have given. Embed reflective practice throughout the service centred on feedback from victims (both adults and children). Consult them regularly and use this to reassess situations where necessary, considering new information, informing continuous development and improvement of the collaborative work of the agencies. Consider the role of victims throughout the process from service development to commissioning, delivery and evaluation. There should be an ongoing process of victim engagement throughout the lifecycle of any multi- agency arrangement. Consider the burden on the victim throughout the process, while