be aware that evidential material may have been transferred from the victim or crime scene onto the clothing of the suspect. The suspect is, therefore, a potential crime scene which can be harvested, particularly if arrests and searches take place shortly after the commission of an offence. The possibility of cross-contamination must be considered and, wherever practicable, investigators who have visited the crime scene, or who have been in close contact with a victim, should not be deployed to search or arrest the suspect unless they have changed their clothing. Similar considerations should be applied to the use of vehicles used to convey victims and suspects. Planning an arrest The arrest should be planned, where circumstances allow. The formulation of a plan should take into account resources and logistics. If several suspects are involved, investigators must decide if the arrests need to be coordinated. They must also consider the most appropriate method of searching to use and whether search warrants are required. Custody arrangements Specific arrangements may be required in some cases. For example, if several suspects are going to be arrested simultaneously, it must first be decided if they should be held at the same or separate police stations, and whether sufficient facilities are available for this. Other considerations The vulnerability of the suspect, for example, age, disability, and the possibility that the suspect may have caring responsibilities for other vulnerable individuals should be taken into account. If the suspect does not speak English, an interpreter should be arranged. See also APP on Police response to concern for a child Ð Arrest strategy. The timing of an arrest should be planned to make best use of the time the suspect spends in custody. Likely defences should be considered and catered for in interview plans (see investigative interviewing). Preparing an initial interview plan at this stage helps to maximise the detention time available to the investigator post arrest. Prior to arrest in serious or complex investigations, specialist interview advisers should be used or consulted to develop an initial interview strategy, especially where there are multiple suspects or unusual features associated with the commission of the offence. Pre-arrest briefings Arrest and search teams should receive a briefing prior to both the arrest and search phases, to ensure that all personnel are aware of each officerÕs role and the reasons for the arrest. Information to consider during a briefing The following list is not exhaustive but covers some of the areas that may have to be considered: circumstances of the offence authority for search nominated officer in charge of the arrest team nominated officer in charge of the search team communications method of entry items to be searched for (for example, clothing, footwear, weapons, trophies) recording significant statements or silences methods of recovery and cross-contamination exhibits officer loggist health and safety transport of suspects and location of the custody suite interview teams debrief Ð time and location Post arrest Once in custody, the suspectÕs detention is controlled by PACE. At the time