investigation. Ensure the health and wellbeing of family liaison officers. Manage the conclusion or withdrawal of family liaison deployments The SIO should ensure that FLOs remain focused on achieving the strategic objectives set for them. It is only when these objectives are met that the FLO will conclude their deployment. The FLO should meet the family at the earliest opportunity. They should clearly explain their role and introduce the most relevant agencies that can help a family, as early care is important. This will help to manage the familyÕs expectations, help them to understand the point at which the FLO will conclude their deployment, and give them a route to support that is relevant to their bereavement. In murder cases that result in an acquittal at court, the police and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) have agreed to comply with national standards of support to families and a review of the investigation (see the CPS publication ÔJustice after acquittal Ð National standards of supportÕ). Victimology A key responsibility of the FLO will be to develop a full victimology or lifestyle information about the person who has died. Understanding the lifestyle of a victim may help the investigation to identify evidential opportunities, including any link between the suspect(s) and victim(s), and to establish the reason for their death. The level of detail required will determine the information sought from the family. The roles within family liaison Strategic lead A senior leader in each force should take strategic leadership for family liaison. They should ensure an efficient and effective family liaison response, including the deployment of FLOs to bereaved families. Senior investigating officer (SIO) The SIO is responsible and accountable for all aspects of the investigation. This includes setting the family liaison strategy, the selection and deployment of FLOs, and supporting and supervising the FLOs. Senior identification manager (SIM) Ð In cases of mass fatality The SIM is responsible for overseeing the recovery and identification process. They will work closely with the coroner to prepare evidence for the Identification Commission and the SIO. Family liaison coordinator (FLC) and family liaison advisor (FLA) The FLC manages the deployments of FLOs and FLAs within a police service, and is responsible for providing or arranging support, guidance and development opportunities for those involved in family liaison. The FLA will be responsible for deploying FLOs and will report to an SIO, FLC or lead FLA. Family liaison officer (FLO) The primary purpose of an FLO is to be an investigator and to secure the confidence and trust of families of victims of murder or manslaughter, road fatality, mass disaster, rail fatality or another critical incident. A FLOÕs role is to gather evidence and information from the family, to contribute to the investigation and preserve its integrity. The FLO also provides support in a sensitive and compassionate manner, ensuring that family members are given timely information in accordance with the needs of the investigation, including timely referrals to relevant support agencies. Professional role profiles for the FLC,