duration of criminal proceedings against the accused, to disclose material which satisfies the test for disclosure (subject to public interest considerations). To enable him to do this, any new material coming to light should be treated in the same way as the earlier material. 8.3 In particular, after a defence statement has been given, or details of the issues in dispute have been recorded on the effective trial preparation form, the disclosure officer must look again at the material which has been retained and must draw the attention of the prosecutor to any material which might reasonably be considered capable of undermining the case for the prosecution against the accused or of assisting the case for the accused; and he must reveal it to him in accordance with paragraphs 7.4 and 7.5 above. 9. Certification by disclosure officer 9.1 The disclosure officer must certify to the prosecutor that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, all relevant material which has been retained and made available to him has been revealed to the prosecutor in accordance with this code. He must sign and date the certificate. It will be necessary to certify not only at the time when the schedule and accompanying material is submitted to the prosecutor, and when relevant material which has been retained is reconsidered after the accused has given a defence statement, but also whenever a schedule is otherwise given or material is otherwise revealed to the prosecutor. 1.1 10. Disclosure of material to accused 10.1 Other than early disclosure under Common Law, in the magistratesÕ court the streamlined certificate at the Annex (and any relevant unused material to be disclosed under it) must be disclosed to the accused either: * at the hearing where a not guilty plea is entered, or * as soon as possible following a formal indication from the accused or representative that a not guilty plea will be entered at the hearing. 10.1 A If material has not already been copied to the prosecutor, and he requests its disclosure to the accused on the ground that: * it satisfies the test for prosecution disclosure, or * the court has ordered its disclosure after considering an application from the accused, the disclosure officer must disclose it to the accused. 10.2 If material has been copied to the prosecutor, and it is to be disclosed, whether it is disclosed by the prosecutor or the disclosure officer is a matter of agreement between the two of them. 10.3 The disclosure officer must disclose material to the accused either by giving him a copy or by allowing him to inspect it. If the accused person asks for a copy of any material which he has been allowed to inspect, the disclosure officer must give it to him, unless in the opinion of the disclosure officer that is either not practicable (for example because the material consists of an object which cannot be copied, or because the volume of material is so great), or not desirable