tray. If there are difficulties in adhering the male shaped forms onto the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 trays, additional clay material from the same enclosure may be used around the edges to enable improved adhesion. Ballistic shoulders shall be attached to the edges of the flat Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray, as shown in Figure 18. The plate shall be placed into a suitable plate carrier system. If it is intended to be used in conjunction with certified soft backing armour then this soft armour shall also be installed into the carrier prior to mounting. The armour carrier shall be positioned over the backing material, using the carrier straps where possible, so that the plate is directly over the moulded surface. Additional strapping may be used where deemed necessary to achieve proper fitting, though care should be taken to ensure the panel is not unnaturally constrained; this shall be noted in the test report provided to CAST. Please note if plates are intended to be worn by female end-users, they shall be tested on the large Plastiline¨ 40 female-shaped backing to assess for perforation only. In such testing, the backing materials shall be prepared, conditioned and mounted in accordance with the methods outlined in Sections 6.6.1, 6.6.2 and 6.6.3.1. All ballistic testing shall be conducted in accordance with Sections 6.7.3.2 to 6.7.3.4. If there is not an equivalent certified plate of the same construction tested on Roma Plastilina¨ No.1 male torso-shaped backing, purpose-made plates shall be submitted in accordance with size requirements and submissions quantities outlined in Sections 4.3.1.3 and 4.3.2, respectively, and the test methods outlined in Section 6.7. 6.7.3.2. Pre-test measurements Prior to testing, shot locations shall be marked on the plate surface using the rifle shot patterns (Figure 18). The following procedure shall then be adopted:25 a) Plate (and, where applicable, soft armour) positioned on shaped torso backing material. b) Laser sight from firearm barrel positioned on shot location. c) Armour removed and position of laser sight marked on backing material surface. d) Backing material marked at four measurement positions, 10 mm from each shot centre along the orthogonal axes. e) BFS measurement tool zeroed on flat surface of rear Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray. f) BFS measurement tool used to measure the height above the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray surface of each shot centre and the four marked measurement positions (measurements recorded in millimetres (mm), recorded to one decimal place). g) The arithmetic mean of the five marked measurement locations about each shot location shall be calculated. 25 Alternative BFS measurement techniques may be used with prior permissions from CAST. Figure 18: Marking of shot locations and measurement of pre-shot surface positions 6.7.3.3. Test shots Shots conducted in accordance with HO3 and HO4 ballistic protection levels shall be performed in the positions specified on the rifle shot pattern. For testing to the SG1 protection level, a single shot shall be conducted in the centre of the plate. All shots shall be performed at an angle