you or the person at risk of FGM, e.g. to prevent you or the person at risk from being taken abroad for FGM to be committed. The application should include details of any discussions which have caused you to believe you, or the person to be protected, may be at risk of FGM. Completed forms should be submitted to the court by post or in person. You can also send your application by email. If you are not the victim or a local authority, are you an individual (e.g. a relative or family member), a public authority (e.g. the police, a health authority, or school etc.) or any other organisation (such as a charity or support organisation) who is seeking an application to protect someone who has been a victim of FGM or someone at risk of FGM? Yes You will need to seek the courtÕs permission to apply for a FGM Protection Order. You should complete Form FGM006 (obtainable at: http://hmctsformfinder.justice.gov.uk/HMC TS/GetForm.do?court_forms_id=12050) The application should include details of your reasons for seeking to apply for an FGM Protection Order, your connection with the person to be protected and what you know of their circumstances. Completed forms should be submitted to the court by post or in person. You can also send your application by emai Making an Application for an FGM Protection Order (FGMPO) Ð accessible version If you are a victim of FGM or at risk of FGM or a local authority seeking to protect a girl who has been a victim of FGM or is at risk of FGM. Complete Form FGM001 (obtainable at: http://hmctsformfinder.justice.gov.uk/HMC TS/GetForm.do?court_forms_id=12000) You can complete the application form yourself or you can get a solicitor to do it for you. Further details on how to complete the form are set out on the back of Form FGM001. The application should include details of how you want the court to protect you or the person at risk of FGM, e.g. to prevent you or the person at risk from being taken abroad for FGM to be committed. The application should include details of any discussions which have caused you to believe you, or the person to be protected, may be at risk of FGM. If you are not the victim or a local authority, but you are an individual (e.g. a relative or family member), a public authority (e.g. the police, a health authority, or school etc.) or any other organisation (such as a charity or support organisation) who is seeking an application to protect someone who has been a victim of FGM or someone at risk of FGM You will need to seek the courtÕs permission to apply for an FGM Protection Order. You should complete Form FGM006 (obtainable at: http://hmctsformfinder.justice.gov.uk/HMC TS/GetForm.do?court_forms_id=12050) The application should include details of your reasons for seeking to apply for an FGM Protection Order, your connection with the person to be protected and what you know of their circumstances. Both completed forms should be submitted to the court