decisionsÑ (a) that the extradition would not be compatible with the Convention rights; (b) that the extradition would be disproportionate. (5) The judge must order D to be extradited to the category 1 territory in which the warrant was issued if the judge makes both of these decisionsÑ (a) that the extradition would be compatible with the Convention rights; (b) that the extradition would not be disproportionate. (6) If the judge makes an order under subsection (5) he must remand the person in custody or on bail to wait for extradition to the category 1 territory. (1) 138 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (7) If the person is remanded in custody, the appropriate judge may later grant bail. (8) In this section Òrelevant foreign authoritiesÓ means the authorities in the territory to which D would be extradited if the extradition went ahead.Ó (3) In section 2 of that Act (Part 1 warrant and certificate), after subsection (7) there is insertedÑ Ò(7A) But in the case of a Part 1 warrant containing the statement referred to in subsection (3), the designated authority must not issue a certificate under this section if it is clear to the designated authority that a judge proceeding under section 21A would be required to order the person's discharge on the basis that extradition would be disproportionate. In deciding that question, the designated authority must apply any general guidance issued for the purposes of this subsection. (7B) Any guidance under subsection (7A) may be revised, withdrawn or replaced. (7C) The function of issuing guidance under subsection (7A), or of revising, withdrawing or replacing any such guidance, is exercisable by the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales with the concurrence ofÑ (a) the Lord Justice General of Scotland, and (b) the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland.Ó F76(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (5) In a case where the Part 1 warrant (within the meaning of the Extradition Act 2003) has been issued before the time when the amendments made by this section come into force, those amendments apply to the extradition concerned only if, at that time, the judge has not yet decided all of the questions in section 11(1) of that Act. 158 Hostage-taking considerations (1) Section 16 of the