particularly where this may carry a stigma in the community; Preventing the victim from learning a language or making friends outside of their ethnic or cultural background; Threatening precarious immigration status against the victim, withholding documents, giving false information to a victim about their visa or visa application, e.g. using immigration law to threaten the victim with potential deportation; Using the victim’s health status to induce fear and restrict their freedom of movement; Threats of institutionalisation (particularly for disabled or elderly victims); and Physical violence, violent or threatening behaviour, sexual abuse, emotional or psychological abuse, economic abuse and verbal abuse (as further detailed in this chapter). Controlling or coercive behaviour is a pattern of behaviour often perpetrated alongside other forms of abuse. A victim may not be aware of the abusive behaviours or be prepared to make a disclosure. In supporting victims to address controlling or coercive behaviour, agencies should give consideration to the cumulative impact of a Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance perpetrator’s behaviours (including those that may seem harmless) and the pattern of behaviour within the context of the relationship. Controlling or coercive behaviour should be dealt with as part of safeguarding and public protection procedures. Professionals should be aware of the impact of this behaviour on victims, including children and young people. Box 3.1: Case Study Coercive or controlling behaviour is common in domestic abuse and can act as a driver for many of the other behaviours, as illustrated in the case study below. Case Study Susan had been with her partner for almost 20 years and he had been abusive towards her from early on. She was forced to borrow money from close family as he emptied her account as soon as her wages went in every month. Her partner was incredibly jealous whenever she left the house, even to go to work. He would insist on driving her to the front door of her workplace and picking her up from exactly the same place. “He’d sexually abused me from early on in our relationship. I think I’d just really become numb to it. He was always angry and rude with me; he’d often hit or kick me and several times burned me and tried to strangle me. He thought I was seeing other people at work. Because of my job I had to take time off if he’d beaten me up really bad. I didn’t want anyone to know. But sometimes I would use the old lines that I’d accidentally fallen down the stairs or walked into a door. Silly things. Maybe they all knew. But no one ever said.” Because she was dependent on her partner to get to work this often meant he refused to take her or she was late and, coupled with the time off she had when she’d been physically assaulted, this caused problems with her employer. Eventually they said that she had to leave as she was too unreliable to be part of the team. “This was my