as the breech face is an angle of between 45 and removed, the breech block mass is reduced by 75 degrees as measured from the required percentage and is permanently the angle of the original face. fixed in place, and the firing pin is removed or Material must be removed shortened, it is permissable for the cocking across the entire surface of handle to have independent movement. A de- the breech face and natured, scrap fragment of the breech block elsewhere so that bolt/breech separated from the bolt head and attached to block is reduced by minimum the cocking handle may be left free to move 50 % of original mass. Permanently fix the breech block to the firearm by welding; bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. back and forth behind the main deactivated and fixed breech block/bolt mass. 7.21 Automatic system: In cases Remove all support on the breech face for the 1.1 where bolt heads are incorporated into a bolt carrier, the carrier must be cartridge head. As long as the breech face is removed, the breech block mass is reduced by the required percentage and is permanently reduced by a minimum of 50 fixed in place, and the firing pin is removed or %. The bolt head must be permanently fixed to the shortened, it is permissable for the cocking handle to have independent movement. A de- carrier and the carrier must be natured, scrap fragment of the breech block permanently fixed to the separated from the bolt head and attached to firearm by welding, bonding or the cocking handle may be left free to move by using appropriate back and forth behind the main deactivated and measures with the equivalent fixed breech block/bolt mass. degree of permanence. 7.22 Magazines: Weld the magazine with spots or use appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, depending on type of arm and material to prevent removing the magazine. The term magazine refers to detachable magazines only, NOT internal magazines such as those fitted to K98, etcÉ 7.23 Magazines: If the magazine is It is acceptable to modify a magazine well by missing, place spots of weld welding a substantial pin that would prevent or use appropriate measures the insertion of an unmodified magazine yet in the magazine location or fix would allow an empty, slotted magazine to be a lock to permanently prevent fitted. the insertion of a magazine. 7.24 Magazines: For tube magazines, drive one or several hardened steel pin(s) through magazine, chamber and frame connecting them permanently to each other. Secure by welding. 7.25 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 7.26 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ would not apply to all the inner parts where moderators where ba?es are welded in place possible and their