a serious crime and can destroy the lives of those victimised; it therefore needs to be treated with the seriousness that it deserves in order to better protect victims and address perpetrators behaviour. As stated, Stalking is not legally defined, but can be understood to be characterised by an obsession and a crime of persistence; it is a pattern of repeat and persistent unwanted behaviours that is intrusive and engenders fear. Stalking is different to harassment as it relates to fixation and obsession rather than nuisance behaviour. Table of Contents Research released by the Suzy Lamplugh Trust in 2016 indicated that around 1 in 5 women and 1 in 12 men have experienced stalking in their lifetime in the UK; while the Crime Survey for England and Wales found that 734,000 women and 388,000 men experience stalking each year, making stalking as pervasive as domestic abuse. Stalkers are most likely to target someone they know, with the largest proportion of stalkers being current or ex-partners, demonstrating a clear link to domestic abuse and high risk, with DA stalkers more likely to cause serious harm to their victim that other types of stalkers. Stalking of strangers accounted for only 10% of stalking cases reported to the National Stalking helpline in 2015; with stalkers more likely to be ex-partners, acquaintances, colleagues/ex-colleagues, and family members. Resources for advice and guidance around stalking and harassment can be found here: Stalking and Harassment Toolkit. The Police Visual Handbook is a good guide for police investigations. Advice from them on the policeÕs approach to Stalking and Harassment can be found here: Harassment and Stalking - Undertaking the Investigation (pvhonline.org). 2. STALKING AND HARASSMENT LEGISLATION (Unless otherwise stated all references to legislation refer to the Protection from Harassment Act 1997). 2.1 Section 2 PHA 1997 A person commits an offence: who pursues a course of conduct which amounts to harassment, and which they know or ought to know amounts to harassment of another racially or religiously aggravated (if applicable) This is a summary offence - unless racially or religiously aggravated, which is an either way offence. 2.2 Section 2A Offence of Stalking Inserted by section 111 of the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 with effect from 25/11/2012. A person commits an offence: who pursues a course of conduct which amounts to stalking Racially or religiously aggravated (if applicable) 2.3 Section 4 Fear of Violence: ÔA person whose course of conduct causes another to fear on at least two occasions that violence will be used against him/her is guilty of an offence if he/she knows or ought to know that his course of conduct will cause the other so to fear on each of those occasions.Õ 4A Offence Stalking prohibits a conduct relating to the offence of stalking involving fear of violence or serious alarm or distress. This prohibits a course of conduct which causes Ôserious alarm or distressÕ which has a substantial adverse effect on the day to day activities of the victim. It is designed to