summarising 127 Domestic Homicide Reviews (DHRs) found that alcohol and drug use was noted as a perpetrator vulnerability in around a third of cases.129 Some victims may use alcohol and drugs as a coping mechanism in response to abuse. Alcohol can also be embedded in a relationship with perpetrators of domestic abuse with perpetrators using alcohol to control victims.130 Of the 120 support services that responded to Women’s Aid’s annual survey, 7% said supporting victims with multiple or complex needs was their most challenging issue faced between 2018 to 2019. Additionally, there were only three organisations (with 21 bed spaces) dedicated for women with substance use support needs or complex needs.131 Similarly, alcohol treatment services may not be sufficiently well- equipped to treat women who have experienced domestic abuse. A mapping exercise led by Against Violence and Abuse (AVA) found that women-only provisions of substance use services are available in less than half of local authorities in England and Wales.132 Furthermore, services typically address single issues, such as substance use or mental health which can see women being passed around services or unable to access holistic support. There can also be variations and gaps in service provision for certain groups. Professionals should be aware that victims, with alcohol or drug dependencies, who have children may be wary of the involvement of children’s social care as they may be concerned that their children may be removed from their care. This may create a barrier to victims seeking or accepting help. ‘Chapter 6 – Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’ provides further information on the children’s social care response and emphasises the importance of professionals building trusting relationships with the 127 Costa, BM, et al. Longitudinal predictors of domestic violence perpetration and victimization: A systematic review. Aggression and Violent Behaviour: 2015; 24, 261-271; Schumacher JA, Feldbau-Kohn S, Smith Slep AM, Heyman RE. Risk factors for male-to- female partner physical abuse. Aggression and Violent Behaviour: 2001;6(2-3):281-352. 128 ONS. Partner abuse in detail – Appendix tables - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk): Data year ending March 2018. 129 Home Office. Domestic Homicide Reviews: Key findings from analysis of domestic homicide reviews: 2022. 130 The draft statutory guidance gives examples of ways substance use can exist within an abuse relationship, stating that responding agencies should understand these issues p.28. 131 Women’s Aid. The Domestic Abuse Report 2020: The Annual Audit. Bristol: Women’s Aid: 2020. 132 Holly, J. (2017). Mapping the Maze: Services for women experiencing multiple disadvantage in England and Wales. London: Agenda & AVA. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance parent who is victim to domestic abuse to seek to overcome this fear and ensure the right support is offered for both adult and child victims. See also further resources for practitioners working with families affected by domestic abuse. Professionals should also recognise the consequence that alcohol-related abuse may have on children. Parental alcohol and drug use were documented in 37% and 38% of cases where a child was seriously hurt or killed between 2011