service and adult social care. At the beginning of the MARAC process, local agencies will refer victims to the local MARAC. Before the meeting, all participating agencies will gather relevant, proportionate, and necessary information regarding the victims, including children, and the perpetrator(s). The local agency representatives will attend the MARAC meeting, (usually taking place monthly or fortnightly) to discuss the shared information and expertise and suggest actions. Agencies should ensure that they are regularly communicating with each other between MARAC meetings – this is a crucial part of the MARAC process and ensures there is a coordinated response to domestic abuse. Communication around cases should not wait for MARAC meetings to take place. The IDVA is a specialist practitioner who works in partnership with other agencies to implement the action plan, mobilising resources on behalf of the victims, including children to increase their safety. They crucially represent the victim at the MARAC, making sure their voice is heard. The victims, including children, and perpetrator(s) do not attend the meeting. The victim is informed that the case is being taken through the MARAC process, unless it is deemed unsafe to do so. If the victim objects to the disclosure of personal information, this should be considered in proportion to the risks present. If it is believed that withholding information puts a child at risk of significant harm, or another adult at risk of serious harm, then disclosure may be justified in the public interest and/or in order to 208 At the time of writing, draft statutory guidance on the Serious Violence Duty, which will be issued by the Secretary of State under section 19 of the PCSC Act 2022, is published for public consultation. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance protect the vital interests of the third party. If the victim is at significant risk of harm, then this would be in the public interest. The process must be compliant with the UK GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018 and the common law duty of confidence. The Information Sharing Protocol and Caldicott Principles must be adhered to and the decision to share must be recorded as being both proportional and relevant in relation to the risks. You can read the Practical Guidance on the application of the Caldicott Guardian Principles to Domestic Violence and MARACs. Dependent on which regime the processing falls within, you will need to ensure that the appropriate conditions for processing (including for sensitive processing) are satisfied. Advice on data sharing is available for practitioners providing safeguarding services to children, young people, parents and carers. Multi-agency working to safeguard children Agencies should recognise the impact of domestic abuse has on children and support them accordingly. Those responding to children experiencing domestic abuse should follow existing safeguarding, risk assessment and referrals processes and procedures. Multi-agency working to safeguard children is underpinned by the system of multi- agency safeguarding arrangements, provided for by the Children Act 2004, as amended by the Children and Social Work Act 2017. These arrangements place