a unit has been identified for tasking purposes, as soon as an OIC is identified the record must be updated. The unit (as OIC) end dated. • A task to OIC or appropriate Unit / Team o Please be aware that the addition of certain documents may require an additional departmental task, one such example is when a PPD is linked and MASH advised 4.1 Extreme Errors and Overwrites The General rule is to never change an existing record, unless you have just created it yourself Overwrites can have serious implications Overwrites are often caused by initially linking the wrong existing record in error, and then either changing it in some way, or trying to delete the link to a person/business incorrectly (via quick entry) resulting in the deletion of the name field entirely Never change an address If a new business/organisation takes over an address a new address record should be created with the current business name - never change an existing record. Doing so means that every occurrence, person, vehicle etc previously linked to the historic business will now linked to the current one. Be 100% sure before linking any record • The DQT would rather you create a new record which can be merged or deleted further down the line should it be found to be a duplicate Table of Contents Annex D: 5.1 DoÕs and DonÕts Do: • Always include a gender and title (titles are not automatically added through the CAD (Storm) link). Select ÔUnknownÕ (or local alternative) and no title for unknown genders o Be sensitive to cultural change relating to gender identification and refer to local practice when dealing with transgender and self-identification • Use wildcards when searching for person records and be mindful of abbreviations and alternative spellings o Steve / Steven / Stephen etc • Make sure you search Niche thoroughly before creating any record to avoid creating a duplicate. Duplicate records can pose a risk to public and officer safety. o If you find a duplicate, please email the DQT • Make sure all required fields are populated and contact your DQT should there be any uncertainty rather than leaving a record incomplete o Make sure that all of the information has been added to the correct field and in the correct format • Always ask for the information you need to meet the minimum data quality standard either at the time or after the fact. This may require going back to the reporting person, witness, officer or member of staff where appropriate. o Do not be afraid to ask for clarification if you believe the information you have been given is incorrect. • Make sure to be 100% sure that you are linking to the correct existing record o If you are uncertain or do not have enough information to match an existing record, you may create a new record but if you think you have created a new duplicate, you must contact the DQT so they can investigate