10. Since March 2019 we have also been running a Social Sector (Building Safety) Engagement Best Practice Group6 bringing together social landlords and residents from across the country to test approaches to engagement on building safety and foster stronger partnerships between residents and landlords. This has taken forward work in three areas: • information and understanding; • landlord and resident responsibilities; and • action to take in the event of a fire. 11. The pilots run by the group have explored ways to support residents and landlords to communicate effectively on fire safety issues. This work has helped inform our approach to the provision of resident information and the setting of responsibilities in the Building Safety Bill published in July 2020 for pre-legislative scrutiny. We have really valued the voluntary effort that residents have made in this group to identifying practical ways to improve communication on building safety, and for the support and time that landlords have contributed to taking this forward. The groupÕs final report and recommendations will be published shortly. 12. We are working with the shadow Building Safety Regulator (based in the Health and Safety Executive) to ensure that resident voice continues to shape the new regulatory regime as it evolves, building on the propositions in our Building Safety Bill that the regulator will establish a resident panel to assist it in determining its priorities and in informing any guidance that it publishes on resident engagement. 6 https://www.gov.uk/government/groups/social-sector-building-safety-engagement-best-practice-group The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 17 ÒSocial landlords have a key role to play in supporting their residents to feel safe in their homes. For residents, knowing you live in a safe, secure building is of paramount importance, for your physical safety and for your mental health.Ó 18 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Setting standards on smoke and carbon monoxide alarms and electrical safety 13. Safety measures in the social sector should be in line with the legal protections afforded to private sector tenants. Responses to the social housing Green Paper showed overwhelming support for consistency in safety measures across social and private rented housing. Although many social landlords have already taken steps to keep tenants safe, it is unacceptable that around 200,000 social households are without a working smoke alarm and over 2.3 million are without a working carbon monoxide alarm.7 14. We want to bring safety requirements for smoke alarms and carbon monoxide alarms in line with private rented sector requirements. That is why, alongside this White Paper, we have launched a consultation on extending requirements for smoke and carbon monoxide alarms, including introducing new requirements in social housing. We will also consult separately on ways to ensure that social housing tenants are protected from harm caused by poor electrical safety. 7 ÔEnglish Housing Survey, Headline Report 2018-19Õ https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/860076/2018-19_EHS_Headline_Report.pdf The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 19 Chapter 2: To know how your landlord is performing If tenants are to be