21 Register of exercise of powers 14 22 Conflict of interests 14 23 Complaints 14 24 Staff training 14 25 Further information 14 1 1 Purpose and Scope 1.1 This Code of Practice is issued by the Secretary of State under Section 48 of the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 (the Act). Under Section 51 of the Act a Ôrelevant personÕ must have regard to this Code when exercising any functions to which the Code relates. A failure on the part of any person to act in accordance with any provision of this Code does not of itself make that person liable to criminal or civil proceedings. However, the Code is admissible as evidence in any such proceedings and any failure by a relevant person to have regard to the Code may be taken into account. 1.2 Powers of entry and associated powers are important tools that facilitate the protection of the public from harm, enable the effective investigation of offences and allow for the necessary enforcement of regulations. The Code provides guidance and sets out considerations that apply before, during and after powers of entry and associated powers are exercised including those circumstances where entry is exercised with the consent of an occupier. The purpose of the Code is to ensure greater consistency in the exercise of powers of entry and greater clarity for those affected by them while upholding effective enforcement. 1.3 Powers of entry and associated powers (such as search and seizure) are intrusive in nature and may engage rights enshrined in the European Convention on Human Rights. • Article 8 states that any interference by a public authority with the right to respect for private and family life must be in accordance with the law and necessary for one of the stated purposes, e.g. for the prevention of disorder and crime. • Article 1 of the First Additional Protocol states that no one shall be deprived of their possessions except in the public interest and subject to the conditions provided by law. 1.4 Relevant persons should consider whether the necessary objectives can be met by less intrusive means. 1.5 This Code applies to powers of entry and associated powers as specified under any Act or Statutory Instrument other than devolved powers of entry and devolved associated powers. Devolved powers of entry and devolved associated powers are powers: (i) in relation to which the Welsh Ministers may issue a code under Schedule 3 of the Act, (ii) which, if it were contained in an Act of the Scottish Parliament, would be within the legislative competence of that Parliament, or (iii) which, if were contained in an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly, would be within the legislative competence of that Assembly and would deal with a transferred matter (within the meaning given by section 4(1) of the Northern Ireland Act 1998). (i) 2 Exceptions 2.1 The Code does not override specific statutory powers to conduct routine inspections or to enter premises for enforcement purposes nor does it