area, and (c) the provision of the civilian employees to the assisted force. (6) In this sectionÑ ÒdesignatedÓ, in relation to a civilian employee of a police force, means designated by the chief officer of police of that force by a section 38 designation; Òrelevant section 38 designationÓ, in relation to a designated civilian employee, means the section 38 designation relating to the employee; Òsection 38 designationÓ means a designation under section 38 of the Police Reform Act 2002.Ó. Police Reform Act 2002 2 The Police Reform Act 2002 is amended as follows. 3 After section 38A insertÑ Ò38B Police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements (1) The chief officer of police of a police force (the Òassisted forceÓ) may designate a person (ÒCÓ) whoÑ (a) is a civilian employee of another police force (the Òassisting forceÓ), (b) is designated under section 38 by the chief officer of police of the assisting police force (the Òsection 38 designationÓ), and (c) is permitted, under relevant police collaboration provision, to discharge powers and duties specified in that provision for the purposes of the assisted force. (a) 224 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 13 Ð Police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (2) The designation under subsection (1) (the Òcollaboration designationÓ) must designate C as an officer of one or more of the descriptions specified in section 38(2). (3) The collaboration designation may designate C as an officer of a particular description specified in section 38(2) only if the section 38 designation designates C as an officer of that description. (4) C shall have the powers and duties conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation. (5) A power or duty may be conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation only if C is permitted, under the relevant police collaboration provision, to discharge that power or duty for the purposes of the assisted force. (6) C shall not be authorised or required by virtue of the collaboration designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of discharging a power or duty conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation. (7) The collaboration designation must specify the restrictions and conditions to which C is subject in the discharge of the powers and duties conferred or imposed by the collaboration designation. (8) Those restrictions and conditions must include the restrictions and conditions specified in the relevant police collaboration provision. (9) C is authorised or required to discharge any power or duty conferred or imposed by the collaboration designation subject to the restrictions and conditions specified in the collaboration designation. (10) References in this section to the discharge of functions by civilian employees of the assisting force for the purposes of the assisted