maternity leave). • 7.5 Notice The notices that you and your partner must give to both of your employers to be able to take shared parental leave are made up of three elements. They are: • a "maternity leave curtailment notice FORM SPL-A" from the mother setting out when she proposes to end her maternity leave (unless the mother has already returned to work from maternity leave); • a "notice of entitlement and intention FORM SPL-B or FORM SPL-C" from the individual giving an initial, non-binding indication of each period of shared parental leave that he/she is requesting; and • a "period of leave notice FORM SPL-D" from the individual setting out the start and end dates of each period of shared parental leave that he/she is requesting. The notice periods set out below are the minimum required by law. However, the earlier you inform your Line Manager of your intentions, the more likely it is that the organisation will be able to accommodate your wishes, particularly if you want to take periods of discontinuous leave. You can also provide more than one type of notice at the same time. For example, the mother could provide a maternity leave curtailment notice, notice of entitlement and intention and period of leave notice at the same time. Similarly, the partner could provide his/her notice of entitlement and intention and period of leave notice at the same time. 7.6 Mother's notice curtailing maternity leave Before you as the mother or partner can take shared parental leave, the mother must either return to work before the end of her maternity leave (by giving the required eight weeks' notice of her planned return) or provide her employer with a maternity leave curtailment notice. The maternity leave curtailment notice FORM SPL-A must be in writing and state the date on which maternity leave is to end. That date must be: • after the compulsory maternity leave period, which is the two weeks after birth; • at least eight weeks after the date on which the mother gave the maternity leave curtailment notice to her employer; and • at least one week before what would be the end of the additional maternity leave period. The mother must provide her maternity leave curtailment notice FORM SPL-A at the same time she provides either her notice of entitlement FORM SPL-B and intention or a declaration of consent and entitlement signed by the mother confirming that her partner has given his/her employer a notice of entitlement and intention. 7.7 Revocation of maternity leave curtailment notice The mother can withdraw her notice curtailing her maternity leave in limited circumstances. The withdrawal of a maternity leave curtailment notice must be in writing and can be given only if the mother has not returned to work. The mother can withdraw her maternity leave curtailment notice if: • it is discovered that neither the mother nor the partner are entitled to shared parental leave or statutory shared parental pay and the mother withdraws her