and volunteers are skilled, capable and engaged in supporting the complex and challenging business of policing across Wiltshire. A significant priority and key theme within the refreshed strategy is our commitment to create a wellness culture. The Wellness Strategy, which sits beneath the People Strategy, has been developed, which covers the following broad issues Strand one: Creating a well working environment Strand two: Focusing on resilience Strand three: Making wellness accessible to all Strand four: Engagement and best use of evidence GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning RIDDOR Reporting of Injuries Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations HSE Health and Safety Executive STRATEGIC PRIORITIES The Force Priorities linked to this document are set out below. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS • GRA 184 Health, Wellbeing and Stress Management • • Occupational Health and Wellbeing Procedure • Trauma Risk Management (TRiM) information • Wellness portal site: http://firstpoint/deptinfo/net/health/default.aspx DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING and REVIEW The Health, Wellbeing and Stress Management Procedure document will be monitored and reviewed every three years by the Force Head of Health and Safety. The Force Occupational Health and Safety Committee, Strategic Wellbeing Board and People Management Board will all oversee and monitor the effectiveness of the ForceÕs Health, Wellbeing and Stress Management Policy, Procedure, Action Plans and other measures to reduce work related stress and promote health and wellbeing. The Force Occupational Health and Safety Committee will be responsible for approval and monitoring the procedure document and its implementation on a regular basis. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS PROCEDURE Sarah Somers Head of Health and Safety Penny Fuller Head of Occupational Health Steven Marsh Wellness Delivery Manager 1. Legal Requirements The Health and Safety at Work etc Act 1974 is the primary piece of legislation covering occupational health and safety in the United Kingdom. Section 2 of the Act requires the employer to ensure, so far as is reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare of all its employees. This includes the provision and maintenance of a safe working environment, so far as is reasonably practicable, without risks to health and adequate as regards facilities and arrangements for their welfare at work. Section 7 of the Act requires all employees to take reasonable care of their own health and safety and that of those who may be affected by their acts and omissions at work. It is also the responsibility of all employees to co-operate with their employer to ensure they can fulfill their legal obligations. The Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999 require the employer to make a suitable and sufficient assessment of: a) The risks to the health and safety of his employees to which they are exposed whilst they are