them to swing free during normal use. In the event of a fire alarm the device will then release the door automatically, allowing the self-closing mechanism to close the door. Such devices are particularly useful in situations where self-closing doors on escape routes are used regularly by significant numbers of people, or by people with impaired mobility who may have difficulty in opening the doors. Typical examples of such devices include: • electro-magnetic devices fitted to the fire- resisting door which release when the fire detection and warning system operates, allowing a separate self-closer to close the door; • electro-magnetic devices within the controlled door closing device which function on the operation of the fire detection and warning system; and • Ôfree swingÕ controlled door closing devices, which operate by allowing the door leaf to work independently of the closing device in normal conditions. An electro-magnetic device within the spring mechanism linked to the fire detection and warning system ensures that the door closes on the operation of the system. Note: Free swing devices may not be suitable in some situations, such as corridors, where draughts are a problem and the doors are likely to swing uncontrolled, causing possible difficulty or injury to certain people e.g. those with certain disabilities, the elderly and frail, or young children. Automatic door hold open/release devices fitted to doors protecting escape routes should only be installed in conjunction with an automatic fire detection and warning system incorporating smoke detectors, that is designed to protect the escape routes in the building (see Part 2, Section 2). In all cases the automatic device should release the fire-resisting door allowing it to close effectively within its frame when any of the following conditions occur: • the detection of smoke by an automatic detector; • 122 • the actuation of the fire detection and alarm system by manual means e.g. operation of break glass call point; • any failure of the fire detection and alarm system; or • any electrical power failure. Other devices, including self-contained devices which perform a similar function, that are not connected directly to a fire alarm system and are not therefore able to meet the above criteria are available and may be acceptable where a site specific risk assessment can show that they are appropriate. Such devices are unlikely to be suitable for use on doors protecting single stairways or other critical means of escape. In all cases where a door hold open device is used it should be possible to close the door manually. A site specific risk assessment should be undertaken before any type of automatic door hold open/release device is installed. If you are unsure about the suitability of such devices in your premises, you should seek the advice of a competent person. Further guidance about automatic door hold open/release devices is given in BS EN 115570 or BS 5839-3.41 Door co-ordinators Where pairs of doors with rebated meeting stiles are installed it is critical that the correct closing order