firearms. To mitigate any misunderstanding on the part of the certificate holder the police must provide a clear and reasoned explanation to the certificate holder at the time of the visit. Applying this guide 18.13 This guide should be applied with full regard to the individual circumstances and the type and location of the premises subject to recommendations. This summary relates to the situations relative to firearm or shot gun certificate holders. 18.14 No security suggestion must be made in respect of a window or other opening which has been provided as an emergency escape that will in any way prevent the immediate and unobstructed use of that escape route. 18.15 If there is reason to believe that there is a conflict between the need for firearms security and the safety of persons in that building, then advice must be sought. 159 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 18.16 Some situations and locations are such that these general principles cannot or do not provide the security commensurate with the risk. Every case must be judged on its individual merits. 18.17 The term Òunauthorised accessÓ has been held to include the constructive possession that can occur where persons other than the certificate holder have access to the keys for security devices, as well as access gained by criminal entry to the premises etc. Thus any keys to any security device should be kept secure, with access limited to authorised persons. This is especially important if there are children present in the premises. Knowledge by an unauthorised person of the location of the keys or to the combination to the locks may lead to a breach of the statutory security condition. In the case of Regina v Chelmsford Crown Court, Ex parte Farrer (2000) it was agreed that deliberately providing information of the whereabouts of the keys was an offence. It was Òreasonably practicableÓ for Mr Farrer not to tell his mother where the keys were kept in this case. 18.18 The Court of Appeal case of Ex Parte Farrer (2000) confirmed the proposition that, if other people who are not authorised to possess the firearm/shot gun have access to it, the firearm/shot gun will not have been stored securely to prevent access by unauthorised persons. The Court of Appeal found that the term ÒpracticableÓ in the Firearms Rules means Òfeasible in practiceÓ not socially convenient or ÒreasonableÓ. The court found that it was feasible for Mr Farrer to have prevented his mother having access, and that he was in breach of the conditions of the certificate because he gave his mother access to the key. What is required is for the certificate holder to keep the whereabouts of the key or security combination unknown to anyone but themselves. 18.19 With regard to shared security, such as a firearm and a shot gun certificate holder sharing a cabinet, separate security provisions to prevent unauthorised access to firearms once within the cabinet or primary security measure should be made. Devices such as lockable high