PACE Code I. Following an issue of a warrant for further detention, the duty inspector should conduct a daily welfare check for each detainee at least once in every 24-hour period. This check should consider: as far as is reasonable and appropriate, are welfare requirements being met (note: consider detainee care and any equality and individual needs) ? has the detainee seen the HCP that day? any current physical or mental health issues any medication requirements and, if so, have they been provided? whether three meals a day of good standard and variety have been provided and that reasonable requests for drinks have been met whether daily exercise for up to an hour duration has been offered and whether this has been accepted (and, if not, the reason for it) confirmation of the opportunity to shower daily the provision of suitable reading material that any religious requirements have been met allowed visit from, or telephone call to, family member or friend provision of clean clothes and bedding on a regular basis that the cell is clean, well lit, ventilated and at a comfortable temperature Read more about supervision by an inspector. Exercise PACE Code H, paragraph 8.7 and PACE Code I, paragraph 8.6 state that, as a minimum requirement, brief outdoor exercise shall be offered if practicable. Where facilities exist, indoor exercise should be offered as an alternative if outside conditions are such that a detainee cannot be reasonably expected to take outdoor exercise or if requested by the detainee for reasons of security. CTPHQ and wider CT policing routinely make provision for one hour of exercise a day. In addition to being offered opportunities for this daily exercise, TACT/section 27 National Security Act 2023 detainees should also be offered access to natural light. Read more about exercise. Visits to detainees As TACT/section 27 National Security Act 2023 detainees are potentially subject to longer periods of detention, visits from friends or family amount to an important welfare consideration (see section 5.4 of Code H and section 5.3 of Code I). Custody officers should liaise with the CT SIO to discuss visitor-related aspects of detainee welfare. Buildings and facilities TACT and National Security Act 2023 custody suites are designed in line with specific Ministry of Justice guidance. They differ in their specification from standard or volume custody suites. Read more about building and facilities. Back to Detention and custody overview Tags Detention and custody The Charter for Social Housing Residents Social Housing White Paper Credits Page 9 - Marlake Cresent, Bell Phillips, photo credit Kilian OÕSullivan Page 45 - Darbishire Place, N’all McLaughlin Architects photo credit Nick Cane Page 52 - Kings Crescent Estate Hackney Council, Karakusevic Carson Architects, photo credit Mark Hadden 2 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Contents Foreword from the Prime Minister 4 Foreword from the Secretary of State 6 Executive Summary 8 Chapter 1: To be safe in your home 14 Chapter 2: To know how your landlord is performing 20