used for the offence for which they were created. Failing to abide by this rule may make prosecution for the original offence problematic if the case is pursued through the courts after a fixed penalty notice goes unpaid. This in turn could create further problems for an authority if it had employed such practices over a period of time.1 1 This guidance relates to the use of enforcement powers under Part IV of the Environmental Protection Act 1990 to help keep land and highways clear of litter and refuse. Separate guidance is available on the use of 11A.5 In all cases, enforcing authorities have discretion about whether to take enforcement action in a particular case, and they may consider that other forms of sanctions or education may be more effective and appropriate in some cases. The overriding objective of enforcement action against environmental offences is to educate the offender and change their behaviour, and to deter others from committing the same offence. With this in mind, some enforcing authorities have successfully offered alternatives to formal enforcement action (such as completion of a stop-smoking programme as an alternative to a fixed penalty for littering cigarette ends). 11A.6 Community Payback (previously Ôcommunity serviceÕ) is the work carried out by offenders who have an Unpaid Work requirement as part of their community sentence. It can be offered by the courts as an alternative to a custodial sentence. Community Payback is therefore not available as a sanction for littering offences, but may be available in cases of serious fly-tipping or criminal damage. The use of litter-picking as a sanction in itself must be handled with care, to avoid creating a perception that anyone seen litter- picking must be serving some form of penalty, which could deter law-abiding citizens from volunteering to take part in these activities. 11B.0 Policy objectives 11B.1 Taking proportionate and effective enforcement action against littering and related offences is a practical step that enforcing authorities can take to help them in delivering their statutory duties to keep relevant land clear of litter and refuse. As well as influencing the behaviour of those against whom enforcement action is taken, the use of proportionate enforcement can also help to deter others from committing offences which cause damage to local environmental quality. In turn, this will assist all duty bodies in keeping their relevant land and highways clear of litter and refuse. 11B.2 The principles of the Regulators Code apply to enforcement action carried out by local authorities. An effective environmental offences enforcement regime is one that is proportionate, consistent, targeted, transparent and accountable. Section 21 of the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Act 2006 states: 21(1) Any person exercising a regulatory function to which this section applies must have regard to the principles in subsection (2) in the exercise of the function. 2 (2) Those principles are thatÑ (a) regulatory activities should be carried out in a way which is transparent, accountable, proportionate and consistent; other powers such as Community Protection Notices (see pg.