modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 119 has been informed that it was taken; and has been required by a constable to give his permission for a laboratory test of the specimen; and has given his permission. A constable must, on requiring a person to give his permission for the purposes of this section for a laboratory test of a specimen, warn that person that a failure to give the permission, may render him liable to prosecution. A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to give his permission for a laboratory test of a specimen of blood taken from him under this section is guilty of an offence. In this section “police medical practitioner” means a medical practitioner who is engaged under any agreement to provide medical services for purposes connected with the activities of a police force.” In section 33 of that Act (protection of hospital patients), for subsection (2) there shall be substituted— “(1A) While a person is at a hospital as a patient, no specimen of blood shall be taken from him under section 31A of this Act and he shall not be required to give his permission for a laboratory test of a specimen taken under that section unless the medical practitioner in immediate charge of his case— has been notified of the proposal to take the specimen or to make the requirement; and has not objected on the ground specified in subsection (2). (2) The ground on which the medical practitioner may object is— in a case falling within subsection (1), that the requirement or the provision of the specimen or (if one is required) the warning required by section 31(9) of this Act would be prejudicial to the proper care and treatment of the patient; and in a case falling within subsection (1A), that the taking of the specimen, the requirement or the warning required by section 31A(5) of this Act would be so prejudicial.” In subsection (1)(a) of section 34 of that Act (evidence of blood alcohol level) after “provided by” there shall be inserted “ or taken from ”. In subsection (2)(a) of that section (rebutting the assumption in subsection (1)(b)), after “provided the specimen” there shall be inserted “ or had it taken from him ”. After subsection (3) of that section there shall be substituted— “(3A) Where a specimen of blood was taken from the accused under section 31A, evidence of the proportion of alcohol or any drug found in the specimen is not admissible on behalf of the prosecution in the proceedings unless— the specimen