remanded on bail is bound to appear before the court at any time and the court has no power to remand the person under sub-paragraph (1), the court may (in the person's absence) enlarge the person's recognizance and those of any sureties for the person to a later time. (4) The enlargement of the person's recognizance is to be treated as a further remand. (5) Paragraph 4(1) (limit of remand) does not apply to the exercise of the powers conferred by this paragraph. 170 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Postponement of taking recognizance 8 Where under paragraph 2(3)(b) the court fixes the amount in which the principal and the sureties, if any, are to be bound, the recognizance may afterwards be taken by a person prescribed by rules of court, with the same consequences as if it had been entered into before the court. Requirements imposed on remand on bail 9 The court may when remanding a person on bail under this Schedule require the person to comply, before release on bail or later, with any requirements that appear to the court to be necessary to secure that the person does not interfere with witnesses or otherwise obstruct the course of justice. SCHEDULE 2 Section 12 BREACH OF INJUNCTIONS: POWERS OF COURT IN RESPECT OF UNDER-18S PART 1 INTRODUCTORY Power to make supervision order or detention order 1 (1) A youth court, if satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that a person aged under 18 is in breach of a provision of an injunction under section 1 to which he or she is subject, may make in respect of the personÑ (a) a supervision order (see Part 2 of this Schedule), or (b) a detention order (see Part 3 of this Schedule). (2) An order under sub-paragraph (1) may be made only on the application of the person who applied for the injunction. (3) A person making an application for an order under sub-paragraph (1) must before doing soÑ (a) consult any youth offending team specified under section 3(1) or, if a youth offending team is not specified under that subsection, the local youth offending team within the meaning of section 14; (b) inform any other body or individual the applicant thinks appropriate. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions