white background). Custom XML Data Custom XML data that might be stored within a document Invisible Content Objects that are not visible, because they have been formatted as invisible. Note: This Inspector cannot detect objects that are covered by other objects. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Information Management and Assurance Procedure Owner/Author: Keith LEWIS / Christopher HARWOOD Technical Author: Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Deputy Chief Constable Paul MILLS Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 14.06.2018 1.0 Head of Information Management and Assurance 19.06.2018 1.0 JNCC (Not required for all procedures) N/A Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this procedure (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Procedure: Training Requirements No training requirements. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required. Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Reporting Wrongdoing Date of Publication: May 2023 Version: 3.0 Next Review Date: May 2026 Reporting Wrongdoing is also referred to in Employment Law as Whistleblowing and historically this has been associated with Ôtelling tales, snitching or rattingÕ on colleagues. The effect of this discouraged people from reporting any wrongdoing. Wiltshire Police is aiming to encourage and promote a positive workplace culture that actively supports individuals who raise concerns openly or who raise a concern in a confidential manner where they do not feel confident about reporting openly. This in turn will encourage workers to regard ÔwhistleblowingÕ or ÔReporting WrongdoingÕ positively. The term Reporting Wrongdoing will be used throughout to assist in creating a positive and open culture. Using the lessons learned from the recent past within Wiltshire Police, this policy statement aims to support and protect those who come forward to report any wrongdoing. It is important to highlight that you could become involved in an internal or IOPC investigation even if you have reported a protected disclosure. ItÕs also really important for you to know that as per the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998; an individual who makes a protected disclosure has the right not to be dismissed, subjected to any other detriment or victimised because he/she has made a disclosure. Wiltshire Police commits to support all staff in raising concerns about any safety, malpractice or wrongdoing in the workplace at the earliest reasonable opportunity and will respond to, investigate the concerns raised and act consistently with the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998. The act of reporting wrongdoing should be seen as an act of loyalty rather than an act of disloyalty. This policy applies to everyone who works directly for, or on behalf of the organisation and is designed to enable and support individuals to report wrongdoing at any level without fear of reprisal. If a worker is going to make a disclosure it should be made to the