at whatever earlier time the court may require. (3) The judge or the court may remand the person on bailÑ (a) by taking from the person a recognizance, with or without sureties, conditioned as provided in paragraph 3, or (b) by fixing the amount of the recognizances with a view to their being taken subsequently and, in the meantime, committing the person to custody as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2). (4) Where a person is brought before the court after remand, the court may further remand the person. 168 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 1 Ð Remands under sections 9 and 10 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 3 (1) Where a person is remanded on bail, the judge or the court may direct that the person's recognizance be conditioned for his or her appearanceÑ (a) before the court at the end of the period of remand, or (b) at every time and place to which during the course of the proceedings the hearing may from time to time be adjourned. (2) Where a recognizance is conditioned for a person's appearance as mentioned in sub- paragraph (1)(b), the fixing of a time for the person next to appear is to be treated as a remand. (3) Nothing in this paragraph affects the power of the court at any subsequent hearing to remand the person afresh. 4 (1) The judge or the court may not remand a person for a period exceeding 8 clear days unlessÑ (a) paragraph 5 or 6 applies, or (b) the person is remanded on bail and both that person and the person who applied for the injunction consent to a longer period. (2) Where the judge or the court has power to remand a person in custody, the person may be committed to the custody of a constable if the remand is for a period not exceeding 3 clear days. Remand for medical examination and report 5 (1) This paragraph applies whereÑ (a) the judge or the court has reason to think that a medical report will be needed, and (b) the judge or the court remands the person in order to enable a medical examination to take place and a report to be made. (2) If (in the case of a person aged 18 or over) the person is remanded in custody, the adjournment may not be for more than 3 weeks at a time. (3) If the person is remanded on bail, the adjournment may not be for more than 4 weeks at a time. 6 (1) If