on the grant of free certificates to persons in the armed services to authorise purchase). Forestry Commission employees are Crown servants and those concerned with wildlife management operate under the general provision of section 54 of the 1968 Act. Copies of their policy on who is authorised to hold firearms and ammunition are available to chief officers of police from the Forestry Commission (for England), Forestry and Land Scotland, and Natural Resources Wales. 6.10 The question of whether a firearm, in the possession of a Crown servant, is in their possession in their capacity as such can be authoritatively determined only by a 41 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law court, but when in doubt the department or the commanding officer of the person concerned should be consulted before proceedings are instituted; otherwise the facts should be reported to the department or the commanding officer in order that the need for disciplinary action may be considered. 6.11 Members of the reserve forces may, in certain circumstances, be persons in the service of His Majesty who are entitled to possess firearms and ammunition in their capacity as such and are therefore Crown servants for the purposes of section 54 of the 1968 Act. Whether or not such personnel are entitled to exemption from section 1 of the 1968 Act will depend on such matters as whether they have been called out for service and the terms under which they undertake service. If any person claims that on this basis they are entitled to possess a firearm or ammunition without a firearm certificate the department or the commanding officer of the person concerned should be consulted before proceedings are instituted. However, if such a person wishes to acquire a firearm or ammunition for private use, they should obtain a firearm certificate for the purpose, in which case the appropriate fee would be payable. Visiting Forces 6.12 The Visiting Forces and International Headquarters (Application of Law) Order 1999 (SI 1999/1736), made under section 8 of the Visiting Forces Act 1952, extends to visiting NATO and Commonwealth forces the exemptions covering His Majesty's forces. Furthermore, members of any foreign force when they are serving with any of His MajestyÕs forces are regarded as Crown servants for the purposes of section 54 of the 1968 Act. Cadet Corps 6.13 Members of cadet corps and their instructors are regarded as Crown servants in certain circumstances (see Chapter 17). Museums 6.14 Section 19 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 and its Schedule provide for the exemption of certain museums from the provisions of the 1968 Act if they hold a museum firearms licence (see Chapter 16). Visitors to Great Britain 6.15 Section 17 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 provides for visitors to Great Britain to have in their possession, or purchase or acquire a firearm or ammunition under certain conditions without a firearm or shot gun certificate. VisitorsÕ permits are dealt with in Chapter 26. Under section 18(1) of the 1988 Act a person who has not