Government Department, or other central government forums 7 ; and o nominating a representative organisation to act on your behalf in attending meetings. In addition, co-operation can also be facilitated through outward-facing, structured communications methods, such as, for example: o Websites Ð set up locally and nationally; and o Secure national communications media, such as the National Resilience Extranet.8 7 In Wales, the equivalent structures are the Wales Resilience Forum and the Welsh Government. 8 Further details on the National Resilience Extranet (NRE) can be found at http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/content/emergency-response-resilient-telecommunications PAGE 7 WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE A Category 1 or 2 responder Òshall comply with regulationsÓ made by a Minister of the Crown about Òthe extent of a dutyÓ and Òthe manner in whichÉ it is to be performedÓ (s2(3) and s3(3)(a)). Category 1 responders which have functions exercisable in a particular local resilience area Òmust co-operate with each otherÓ and Òwith general Category 2 respondersÓ in connection with the performance of their duties (reg 4(1)). Category 2 responders which have functions exercisable in a particular local resilience area Òmust co-operate with each... Category 1 responderÓ which has functions exercisable in that area and Òwith each otherÓ in connection with the performance by the Category 1 of its duties (regs 4(2), 4(3)) Co-operation across the five main CCA duties 2.13. In looking more closely at co-operation as required in the Act and regulations, it is useful to define more clearly the circumstances in which Category 1 responders seek support from their Category 1 and 2 partners. Category 1 responders must co-operate with each other and with Category 2s.9 Category 2 responders must support Category 1s in delivering their Category 1 duties and co-operate with other Category 2s in support of the Category 1s.10 9 Regulation 4(1). 10 Regulations 4(2), 4(3) PAGE 8 2.14. Table 1 lists occasions11 on which the Category 1s are likely to require co-operation in fulfilling their duties under the Act. The table includes information sharing, which is simultaneously a separate duty and a key aspect of co-operation.12 Table 1: The duties to co-operate and share information: as carried out by Category 1 and 2 responders13 across the five main CCA duties A. DUTY TO CO-OPERATE B. DUTY TO SHARE INFORMATION Five main Category 1 DUTIES Is co-operation required? Is information-sharing required? 1. Risk Assessment a) Direct discussions with partners to support compilation of individual risk assessment for each Category 1 organisation. For further information please refer to Chapter 4 (Local responder risk assessment duty). Information required directly from partners to support each Category 1 responderÕs individual risk assessment. For further information please refer to Chapter 4 (Local responder risk assessment duty). b) Discussion with partners within the LRF to compile Community Risk Register (CRR). Information required for Community Risk Register. c) Discussion with partners within the LRF regarding publication of the CRR Ð which can be done as part of warning and informing arrangements. Consistent approach to providing risk and warning information required across the