regulation 32(3)(b) PAGE 6 7.19. In addition, a procedure may be adopted by which the role of lead responder may be changed from one Category 1 responder to another during the course of an emergency, including the recovery period.13 Co-operation to identify the lead responder for warning, informing and advising the public must identify which of these procedures has been chosen in relation to the particular emergency and include hand over protocols. 7.20. Arrangements must ensure that at the time of an emergency, the Category 1 responder which has accepted the lead responsibility for warning, informing and advising the public: o is able to contact the other Category 1 responders whose functions are exercisable in relation to that emergency; 14 o informs those Category 1 responders of the actions it is taking;15 and o is able to collaborate with those Category 1 responders in warning, informing and advising the public.16 7.21. The Regulations clearly envisage that the Category 1 responder with lead responsibility for warning, informing and advising the public will collaborate with its partners in fulfilling its role. There is no question of the lead responder assuming sole responsibility for carrying out the task. The Regulations place a reciprocal responsibility on those Category 1 responders which are not the lead responder, but which also have a duty to warn, inform and advise the public in relation to a particular emergency. They must maintain arrangements to: o consult with the lead responder in relation to that emergency on a regular basis;17 and 13 regulation 32(3)(c) 14 regulation 33(2)(a) 15 regulation 33(2)(b) 16 regulation 33(2)(c) 17 regulation 34(a) o inform the lead responder of the actions they are taking, and proposing to take, in relation to warning, informing and advising the public.18 7.22. The critical element in the effective delivery of information to the public will be the partnership established between the responder bodies involved and the sharing of information between them to ensure consistency. Joint discharge of functions 7.23. Category 1 responders may also decide to deliver their responsibility to maintain arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public by: o making arrangements to operate jointly with another Category 1 responder; 19 o delegating the task to another Category 1 responder. 20 These collaborative arrangements, including the identification of a lead Category 1 responder for warning and informing, may be supported with the use of protocols.21 Category 2 responders and other bodies 7.24. Category 1 responders are not the sole responder bodies likely to be involved in arrangements to warn, inform and advise the public. The Regulations recognise that some Category 2 responders, such as utilities, have a duty under their own regulatory frameworks to provide warning, information and advice in certain circumstances when their services are interrupted. Similarly, the Meteorological 18 regulation 34(b) 19 regulation 8(a) 20 regulation 8(b) 21 regulation 7 PAGE 8 Office, the Food Standards Agency and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, which are not covered by the Act, also provide a warning