order was made but on whom no closure notice was served, may make a complaint to a justice of the peace F70. . . for an order that the closure order be discharged. The court may not make an order under subsection (1) unless it is satisfied that the need for the closure order has ceased. Where a complaint has been made to a justice of the peace under subsection (1), the justice may issue a summons directed to such constable as he considers appropriate or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned requiring that person to appear before the magistrates’ court to answer to the complaint. Where a summons is served in accordance with subsection (3), a notice stating the date, time and place at which the complaint will be heard shall be served on all persons on whom the closure notice concerned was served under section 19 (other than the complainant). The procedure on a complaint for an order under this section shall (except as otherwise provided) be in accordance with the Magistrates’ Courts Act 1980 (c. 43). Appeals An appeal against a closure order, an order under section 23(1) or a decision not to make an order under section 23(1) may be brought to the Crown Court at any time Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 21 Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes before the end of the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the order or (as the case may be) the decision was made. An appeal under this section against a closure order may be brought by— any person on whom the closure notice concerned was served under section 19; or any person who has an interest in the premises in respect of which the closure order was made but on whom no closure notice was so served. On an appeal under this section the Crown Court may make such order as it considers appropriate. Enforcement of closure orders Where a closure order has been made, a constable or an authorised person may (if necessary using reasonable force)— at any reasonable time enter the premises concerned; and having so entered the premises, do anything reasonably necessary for the purpose of securing compliance with the order. A constable or an authorised person seeking to enter any premises in exercise of his powers under subsection (1) shall, if required by or on behalf of the owner or occupier or person in charge of the premises, produce evidence of his identity, and of