at HTA licensed establishments. Other responsibilities of the SPOC should include: • Maintaining a single central data set of human tissue held by the force. • Making determinations about tissue after the relevant enquiry team has ceased to exist. • • Liaising with the relevant forensic pathology group practice over tissue retention. The Coroner The statutory duty to inform the relevant persons about what material has been preserved lies with the coroner. The coroner is also responsible for notifying the chief officer of police or prosecuting authority of any period for which the coroner requires material to be preserved or retained. This is in order that the police do not dispose of material which is no longer required for a criminal justice purpose but may still be required for the purpose of the coroner. Even if (a) there is no period notified by the coroner or (b) the period has elapsed there should be a check with the coroner over disposal. Family Liaison The SIO and the coroner should be proactive in pursuing an early resolution of all post mortem examinations and ensure that the conclusion of the body examination process has been communicated effectively to the family via the coronerÕs officer and the family liaison officer (ÔFLOÕ) to allow the funeral to take place as soon as possible. Families will want to know details of when the body of the deceased will be released for the funeral and subsequent burial or cremation. The FLO should facilitate this request through the coronerÕs officer after consultation with the SIO. Early agreement should be reached between the coronerÕs officer and the FLO as to who will communicate with the next of kin or personal representative/s so as not to duplicate contact. The coroner has lawful control of the body and the decision for its release ultimately rests with them. Therefore, the SIO should ensure that the coroner is updated about the progress of enquiries when these may potentially affect the timely release of the deceased for burial or cremation. Next of kin and personal representative/s wishes regarding return f body/disposal of human tissue Families should be asked if they wish to wait to receive the body complete (this could take a long time), or if they would prefer the body (even if not complete) to be returned as soon as possible. However, they should be made aware that some material from the body may be preserved for further examination or evidential reasons and possibly retained for many months or even years. For example, if examination of the brain is necessary, it is often more than six weeks before a report is available. In paediatric cases, delays may be even longer. The wishes of the next of kin or personal representative/s regarding eventual disposal of human tissue taken at post mortem should be ascertained in writing [each force should adopt a standard form for this purpose]. This may include the following options: • Return of material to the next of kin or personal