should note that the rules determining the admissibility of hearsay evidence in criminal and civil proceedings are not the same. Where applicants intend to rely on hearsay evidence in the County Court, they must act in accordance with Part 33 of the Civil Procedure Rules. Hearsay evidence at hearings other than trials does not generally require written notice. Where applicants intend to rely on hearsay evidence in the Youth Court, they must act in accordance with MagistratesÕ Courts (Hearsay Evidence in Civil Proceedings) Rules 1999 (S.I. 1999/681).10 When presenting hearsay evidence to the court, applicants will need to ensure that they have undertaken a security risk assessment and implemented any necessary security measures. Section 9.5 provides more details on court security. More information on witness care can be found in Section 9.6. 7.6. Police and Local Authority intelligence Police and local authority systems may contain intelligence relevant to an injunction application. This intelligence may indicate to the court the level of risk a respondent presents or provide information relating to their involvement in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing. Police or local authority intelligence may come from a number of sources and will likely be codified to show the reliability of the sources. It is good practice for applicants to consider the operational implications of using police or local authority intelligence in court and to seek legal advice from force solicitors around how best to use and present this evidence. If the applicant is a local authority, close liaison with police partners will be necessary in order to use information drawn from police intelligence. This information should be 10 See: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/1999/681/made/data.pdf 20 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing appropriately sanitised by the police before it is considered for sharing with partners or used in these proceedings. One way of minimising risk is to provide a statement with appropriately sanitised details of relevant intelligence. Consideration should be given to the quality, reliability, age and relevance of the intelligence and the consequences of that information being shared at court, including its potential to compromise a source or policing operation. Applications for Public Interest Immunity may be needed to address these risks. See section 9.7.1 for information on Public Interest Immunity applications. In relevant cases, applicants should consider consulting the CPS, particularly when parallel criminal proceedings are ongoing or being considered. This consultation should take into account that parallel (or later) proceedings could affect what evidence is disclosed and therefore early consideration of these matters should help to reduce the number of unnecessary disclosure and/or Public Interest Immunity applications. 7.7. Standard of proof Section 34 of the 2009 Act states that the court must be satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the respondent has engaged in, or has encouraged or assisted, gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing. Applicants should remember that the standard of proof for proving that the respondent has breached a condition of the injunction is Ôbeyond reasonable doubtÕ. 21 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent