of these provisions is to prohibit the publication of any matter that would be likely to lead members of the public to identify a person as the alleged victim of an offence under the FGM Act (including the new offence provided for in section 72, as well as aiding, abetting, counselling and procuring the Òprincipal offenceÓ). The prohibition lasts for the lifetime of the alleged victim. The prohibition covers not just more immediate identifying information, such as the name and address or a photograph of the alleged victim, but any other information which, whether on its own or pieced together with other information, would be likely to lead members of the public to identify the alleged victim. ÒPublicationÓ is given a broad meaning and would include traditional print media, broadcasting and social media such as Twitter or Facebook. Exemptions 66. There are two limited circumstances where the court may disapply the restrictions on publication: The first is where a person being tried for an FGM offence, could have their defence substantially prejudiced if the restriction to prevent identification of the person against whom the allegation of FGM was committed is not lifted. The second circumstance is where preventing identification of the person against whom the allegation of FGM was committed, could be seen as a substantial and unreasonable restriction on the reporting of the proceedings and it is considered in the public interest to remove the restriction. Breach of the restrictions 67. Contravention of the prohibition on publication is an offence. It will not be necessary for the prosecution to show that the defendant intended to identify the victim. In relation to newspapers or other periodicals (whether in print form or online editions) and radio and television programmes, the offence is directed at proprietors, editors, publishers or broadcasters rather than individual journalists. Any prosecution for the offence requires the consent of the Attorney General or the Director of Public Prosecutions for Northern Ireland as the case may be. Defence 68. There are two defences. The first is where the defendant had no knowledge (and no reason to suspect) that the publication included content that would be likely to identify a victim or that a relevant allegation had been made. The second is where the victim (where aged 16 or over) had freely given written consent to the publication. These defences impose a reverse burden on the defendant, that is, it is for the defendant to prove that the defence is made out on a balance of probabilities, rather than imposing a requirement on the prosecution to show, beyond reasonable doubt, that the defence does not apply. The offence 69. Section 72 of the 2015 Act inserts a new section 3A into the FGM Act which creates a new offence of failing to protect a girl from FGM. This means that if an offence under section 1, 2 or 3 of the FGM Act (see paragraph 59 above) is committed against a girl under the age of 16, each person who