under this section in relation to a police forceÑ (a) he shall prepare a report on his exercise of that power in relation to that force; and (b) he shall lay that report before Parliament. (4) A report under subsection (3)Ñ (a) shall be prepared at such time as the Secretary of State considers appropriate; and (b) may relate to more than one exercise of the power mentioned in that subsection. (5) The Secretary of State shall not give a direction under this section in relation to any police force unlessÑ (a) the police authority maintaining that force and the chief officer of that force have each been given such information about the Secretary of StateÕs grounds for proposing to give that direction as he considers appropriate for enabling them to make representations or proposals under the following paragraphs of this subsection; (b) that police authority and chief officer have each been given an opportunity of making representations about those grounds; (c) that police authority has had an opportunity of making proposals for the taking of remedial measures that would make the giving of the direction unnecessary; and (d) the Secretary of State has considered any such representations and any such proposals. (6) The Secretary of State may by regulations make further provision as to the procedure to be followed in cases where a proposal is made for the giving of a direction under this section. (7) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult withÑ (a) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of police authorities; (b) persons whom he considers to represent the interests of chief officers of police; and (c) such other persons as he thinks fit. (a) 6 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 1 Ð Powers of the Secretary of State Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (8) Regulations under this section may make different provision for different cases and circumstances. (9) A statutory instrument containing regulations under this section shall not be made unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House.Ó 5 Directions as to action plans F1. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 Regulation of equipment For subsections (2) and (3) of section 53 of the 1996 Act (regulations as to standard of equipment), there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(1A) The Secretary of State may by regulations make any or all