the lowest spinal column point of this higher grade. Overtime ÔTriggersÕ Overtime ÔTriggersÕ There are different triggers which will require officers and staff to work overtime and therefore the provisions of this policy will apply. Planning and authority given for overtime will depend on the circumstance. • Spontaneous events can occur during the course of the individualÕs usual shift, e.g. an arrest or incident, which may require their retention on duty to be beyond the expected end of that tour. Line managers must authorise an overtime in these cases. • Pre-planned operations are events planned in advance which will have explored all opportunities to authorise the use of overtime during their planning. • • Authority for pre-planned overtime will be made centrally by Force Operations or locally in a hub/department by the senior leadership team (SLT) or delegate. • Duty planning events can only be scheduled in the short and medium term, e.g. attending training courses. An Inspector or above will authorise this type of overtime, but officers and staff must be aware that they will explore other opportunities other than overtime prior to authorization. Limit ÔTriggersÕ To ensure officers and staff maintain a healthy work/life balance and receive suitable time away from the work environment, limit triggers on overtime worked have been introduced. These are: • An officer or staff member cannot work more than 20% of their contracted hours in overtime per year • Any officer or staff member that works more than an average of 48hrs within a 17 week period, will be flagged at PIB. Their line manager will be required to feedback to the individual seeking to review their health and wellbeing and instigating remedial action to reduce excessive hours. Consideration of completing a Working Time opt out should be taken and recorded. (Period 1) • If, following a further 4 week period, an officer or staff member continues to work an average of more than 48hrs within a 17 week period, their line manager will be invited to attend PIB and justify. Confirming what feedback has been given to the individual regarding their health and wellbeing and what remedial action is in place to reduce excessive hours. Consideration of completing a Working Time opt out should be taken and recorded.(Period 2) • If, following a further 4 week period, an officer or staff member continues to work more than an average of 48hrs within in a 17 week period their SLT member should be invited to PIB to justify. Confirming what feedback has been given to the individual regarding their health and wellbeing and what remedial action is in place to reduce excessive hours. Consideration of completing a Working Time opt out should be taken and recorded. (Period 3) Responsibilities Individuals Individuals are responsible for: • Obtaining authorisation before working overtime. Only in exceptional circumstances will overtime which has not been authorised in advance be justified and approved for payment. • Having the following information available for the authorising officer: o The exact reason