so that it can be enhanced in the future, be that as a result of changes to Public o Information Zones around COMAH sites, or changes to a particular riskÕs characteristics. o What are the risks that need the most urgent attention from a Ôcommunicating with the publicÕ duty perspective? This may influence the task groupÕs recommendations. o Give the LRF a number of options to consider, including the task groupÕs favoured package. Additionally, avoid recommending only a ÔdeluxeÕ option Ð be expansive, and provide a variety of solutions, with supporting business cases where necessary. All options should have community safety and resilience at the forefront. Present the task groupÕs recommendations to the LRF. The LRF will now need to decide which of the recommendations it is prepared to endorse, in line with the duties members have as Category 1 responders under the Civil Contingencies Act (2004). This will probably require resourcing (both financial and human), initiation of projects, and time. The LRF will need to decide what level of control measures it is willing to implement against the risks presented in the CRR. Throughout its deliberations, the LRF should focus on the legislative duties, and a duty to keep their communities safe. b) Implement LRF agreed control measures Devise and initiate a work programme to implement those recommendations approved by LRF. Step 8 Implement a comprehensive training and exercising regime, to test the LRFÕs warning and informing arrangements. When discussing this element as a task group, members need to ask the following questions? o How will the LRF ensure the warning and informing arrangements within multi-agency plans are effective? o How will the LRF test systems to ensure that they deliver what they are designed to deliver while at the same time avoiding alarming the public unnecessarily? o How will the LRF train and maintain the required skills of key staff? o What training needs exist? Step 9 Ensure that all stakeholder communities are informed on a continuous basis through the design and implementation of a regularly updated education and awareness raising campaign. Recommendations for an enhanced public education programme need to be presented to the LRF in conjunction with the proposed package of warning and informing solutions. These recommendations should address not only the issues of required safety actions and details of how the public will be warned and informed, but should also inform them of the risks they face, and how they can help to mitigate, prepare for, and respond to those risks. Recommendations should also provide a focus for annual, site, and subject specific risk awareness raising programmes. Note: The above awareness raising programmes should be started as early in the Ten Step Cycle as possible Ð task groups do not need to wait until reaching Step (9) to implement these types of initiatives. Step 10 Measure the effectiveness of the implemented control measures, review, and adjust as appropriate. As with any emergency planning process, it is important that all arrangements are reviewed on an annual