(c) does both of those things. (6) The only prohibitions or requirements that may be imposed are ones that are reasonable to impose in orderÑ (a) to prevent the harassment, intimidation or impediment referred to in subsection (3) from continuing, occurring or recurring, or (b) to reduce that harassment, intimidation or impediment or to reduce the risk of its continuance, occurrence or recurrence. (7) A prohibition or requirement may be framedÑ (a) so as to apply to all persons, or only to persons in specified categories, or to all persons except those in specified categories; (b) so as to apply at all times, or only at specified times, or at all times except those specified; (c) so as to apply in all circumstances, or only in specified circumstances, or in all circumstances except those specified. (8) An expedited order mustÑ (a) identify the activities referred to in subsection (3); (b) explain the effect of section 63 (where it applies) and section 67; (c) specify the period for which the order has effect. (9) An expedited order may not be made in relation to a public place if that place (or any part of it) is or has been the subject of an expedited order (Òthe earlier orderÓ), unless the period specified in subsection (11) has expired. (10) In subsection (9) the second reference to Òan expedited orderÓ is to be read as including a reference to a public spaces protection order (made after the day on which this section (1) 36 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes comes into force) which neither prohibited nor required anything that could not have been prohibited or required by an expedited order. (11) The period specified in this subsection is the period of a year beginning with the day on which the earlier order ceased to have effect. (12) An expedited order must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. (13) For the purposes of subsection (2), a public place that is coextensive with, includes, or is wholly or partly within, a school or site is regarded as being Òin the vicinity ofÓ that school or site. (14) In this section references to a ÒschoolÓ are to be read as including a 16 to 19 Academy. (15) In this section Òtest and trace servicesÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, services of the programme known as NHS Test and Trace; (b) in relation