specific accommodation- based support needs of all victims in its area, including those with particular protected characteristics, and/or multiple complex needs. Relevant safe accommodation includes refuge accommodation, specialist safe accommodation, dispersed accommodation, second stage accommodation or other accommodation designated by the local authority, registered social landlord or registered charity as domestic abuse emergency accommodation. Under these duties, authorities cannot provide support in ‘bed and breakfast’ accommodation175 and support should not be provided in any shared, mixed sex 175 As defined in The Domestic Abuse Support (Relevant Accommodation) Regulations 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance accommodation as this would not be in line with the descriptions of safe accommodation in the relevant regulations or guidance. Where a victim is in this type of accommodation and the authority identifies that they require support, the authority may deem it appropriate to work with the housing authority to ensure that support can be provided in the appropriate relevant safe accommodation. If a victim does not require support in safe accommodation, then local housing authorities will need to continue to comply with their duties under homelessness legislation in line with Chapter 21 of the Homelessness Code of Guidance. Refuge services are a core component of the housing response to domestic abuse which provide a crucial form of provision for victims, including children, who are no longer safe at home. However, some victims may not want to take up this option and some can face challenges in accessing support. These may include victims experiencing homelessness and facing multiple disadvantages related to mental health, substance abuse and having a disability. In addition, those from minority communities can also face challenges. Commissioners and providers should take an approach that is mindful of different needs and experiences, how they may intersect as well as any additional barriers and layers of discrimination faced by these groups when planning and delivering services. There is a need to ensure that all victims are able to access safe accommodation irrespective of where they originally reside. Many victims fleeing domestic abuse will travel across borders to seek help and move away from the perpetrator. Women’s Aid annual 2017 survey found that over two thirds of women in refuges were from a different local authority area.176 The DLUHC has published statutory guidance relating to Part 4 of the 2021 Act that makes clear that tier one local authorities must meet the support needs of all victims residing in relevant accommodation including those who originally present from outside of the locality. This guidance includes reference to the appropriate quality standards to adhere to. DLUHC has also produced guidance on improving access to social housing for victims of domestic abuse who are in a refuge or other form of temporary accommodation. The guidance encourages housing authorities to use their existing powers to support victims to remain safely in their homes if they choose to do so. It makes clear that housing authorities are expected not to apply residency tests for victims who have fled to another