magazines such as on type of arm and material to prevent removing the magazine. those fitted to K98, etcÉ 5.12 Magazines: If the magazine is missing, place It is acceptable to modify a spots of weld or use appropriate measures in magazine well by welding a 5.11 the magazine location or fix a lock to permanently prevent the insertion of a magazine. 5.13 Magazines: For tube magazines, drive one or several hardened steel pin(s) through magazine, chamber and frame connecting them permanently to each other. Secure by welding. 5.14 Silencer/Suppressor: Permanently prevent removal of the silencer/suppressor from the barrel by use of hardened steel pin or by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence, if the silencer/suppressor is part of the weapon. 5.15 Silencer/Suppressor: Remove all the inner substantial pin that would prevent the insertion of an unmodified magazine yet would allow an empty, slotted magazine to be fitted. Removal of the Ôinner partsÕ parts where possible and their attachment would not apply to moderators points of the moderator so that only a tube where ba?es are welded in remains. Drill holes that are of a diameter larger than the calibre of the firearm and at a longitudinal interval of 3 cm (short firearms) or 5 cm (long firearms) through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. Or else cut a longitudinal slot of minimum 6 mm from rear end to front end through the casing and penetrating the expansion chamber. place at manufacture. Semi auto long firearms 6 Semi-automatic long firearms (smoothbore, rifled) Prevent the disassembly of the firearms essential components by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 6.1 Barrel: Cut a longitudinal slot through the barrel including the chamber where present (width: > ? calibre; length: for rifled barrels three times the length of chamber and for smoothbore barrels twice the length of the chamber). For firearms without chamber included in the barrel, cut a longitudinal slot (width > ? calibre; length: minimum ? the length of the barrel from the forcing cone). 6.2 Barrel: A hole must be drilled across the chamber through both walls and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % chamber, min 4,5 mm). The same pin can be used to secure the barrel to the action. Alternatively, a plug of the size of the cartridge case must be inserted into the chamber and securely welded. 6.3 Barrel: Remove the feed ramp where present. 6.4 Barrel: The barrel must be permanently secured to the firearm by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. The pin used in operation 6.2 can be used for this purpose. 6.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels not a?xed to the firearm, apply operations 6.1-6.4 and 6.12 as Guidance Notes Note - 6.4 does not apply to exchange barrels. Exchange barrels for semi auto long firearms may only be submitted as applicable. In