View outstanding changes PART 6 LOCAL INVOLVEMENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY Community remedies 101 The community remedy document (1) Each local policing body must prepare a community remedy document for its area, and may revise it at any time. (2) A community remedy document is a list of actions any of which might, in the opinion of the local policing body, be appropriate in a particular case to be carried out by a person whoÑ (a) has engaged in anti-social behaviour or has committed an offence, and (b) is to be dealt with for that behaviour or offence without court proceedings. (3) For the purposes of subsection (2), an action is appropriate to be carried out by a person only if it has one or more of the following objectsÑ (a) assisting in the person's rehabilitation; (b) ensuring that the person makes reparation for the behaviour or offence in question; (c) punishing the person. (4) In preparing or revising the community remedy document for its area a local policing body mustÑ (a) have regard to the need to promote public confidence in the out-of-court disposal process; (b) have regard to any guidance issued by the Secretary of State about how local policing bodies are to discharge their functions under this section; (c) carry out the necessary consultation and take account of all views expressed by those consulted. (5) In subsection (4)(c) Òthe necessary consultationÓ meansÑ (a) consultation with the chief officer of police for the area, (b) consultation with the local authority for any part of the area, (c) consultation with whatever community representatives the local policing body thinks it appropriate to consult, and (d) whatever other public consultation the local policing body thinks appropriate. (6) A local policing body must agree the community remedy document for its area, and any revised document, with the chief officer of police for the area. (7) Once the community remedy document, or a revised document, has been agreed with the chief officer of police, the local policing body must publish it in whatever way it thinks appropriate. (8) The Secretary of State must publish any guidance issued under subsection (4)(b). (9) In this sectionÑ Òanti-social behaviourÓ has the meaning given by section 2 (ignoring subsection (2) of that section); 80 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 6 Ð Local involvement and accountability CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òcommunity representativeÓ, in relation to a police area, means any individual or body appearing to the local policing body