responding to an emergency. The voluntary sector can provide a wide range of skills and services in responding to an emergency. These include: practical support (such as first aid, transportation, or provisions for responders); psycho-social support (such as counselling and helplines); equipment (radios, medical equipment); and information services (such as public training and communications). Existing emergency planning duties The Civil Contingencies Act Regulations identify 3 pieces of legislation pre-dating this Act which were introduced separately in Britain and Northern Ireland under sector-specific legislation operated by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) and HSE Northern Ireland. These relate to major accident hazards at industrial establishments (Control of Major Accident Hazards Regulations (COMAH)), to hazardous pipelines (Pipelines Safety Regulations) and to radiation hazards (Radiation (Emergency Preparation and Public Information) Regulations (REPPIR)). These sector-specific Regulations have established multi-agency emergency planning regimes in co-operation with the operators. To avoid duplication, the Civil does not apply to emergencies which are dealt with by these pieces of legislation. For more information on how the Act fits with other legislation see chapter 19 of ÔEmerg ency preparednessÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency- preparedness). Important documents Emerg ency Preparedness (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency- preparedness) Chapter 5: ÒEmergency planningÓ Annex 5a: ÒExamples of generic and specific plansÓ Annex 5B: ÒGeneric plan: emergency or major incidentÓ Annex 5C: ÒSpecific planÓ Annex 5D: ÒExample of a plan maintenance matrix for a local authorityÓ Chapter 7 ÒCommunicating with the publicÓ - Contains further detail on communicating with the vulnerable and victims in an emergency Annex 7A: ÒCommunicating with the public: the national context Ò Annex 7B: ÒLead responsibility for warning and informing the publicÓ Annex 7C: ÒChecklist of suggested protocolsÓ Chapter 14: ÒThe role of the voluntary sectorÓ Annex 14A: ÒExamples of voluntary sector activities in support of statutory servicesÓ Home Office document Recovery: an emerg ency management guide (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/recovery-an-emerg ency-management-g uide) Communicating risk guidance (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/communicating-risk-g uidance) Northern Ireland Civil Contingencies Policy Branch (http://www.ofmdfmni.gov.uk/index/making-g overnment-work/civil-contingencies.htm) - a guide to emergency planning arrangements, risk assessment and other documentation is available on this website LondonÕs strategic emerg ency plan (http://www.london.gov.uk/priorities/london- prepared/home) Devolved administrations This section describes emergency preparedness and planning arrangements in the devolved administrations, where these differ from UK government and local and its associated Regulations apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. More detail on the specific duties under the Act and how they apply in the Devolved Administrations can be found in chapters 2 to 8 of the guidance document ÔEmerg ency preparednessÕ (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/emerg ency- preparedness). Emergency preparedness in Scotland In devolved areas the Scottish government is designated as the lead on relevant issues in line with the Ôlead departmentÕ principle at the UK level. In reserved areas the Scottish government works closely with the UK government to ensure that Scottish needs are catered for. Overall responsibility for civil protection policy in Scotland sits with the Scottish Resilience Division of the Scottish government. At the local level in Scotland, 8 strategic coordinating groups based on current police force areas promote effective planning for all types of