terms of broad 'levels' to be applied according to the circumstances of each case. These are not intended to be prescriptive, but rather to provide guidance on what might be considered proportionate in each case. Level 1 (below) would be considered the normal standard of security applicable to the majority of cases. Level 1 2.17 A gun cabinet, or (where only one rifle or shotgun is held and a low level of risk is involved) a gun clamp or similar device fixed to the building is normally considered to be reasonable security. This should be located to frustrate or obstruct points of attack and identification by casual visitors to the premises. Other considerations might be: • Final exit doors of good construction, ideally PAS24 and secured with locks to the appropriate British Standard. • Suitable locks/securing devices on ground floor windows and French/patio windows. Level 2 2.18 Where the individual circumstances are such that additional security might be required due to factors such as: • Repeat victimisation • High-crime location • Building regularly unoccupied, • Substantial number of firearms on the premises In addition to the provision of a suitable cabinet, gun room or safe, the following may be considered: a) The final exit door locks should be to BS3621 (2016) or equivalent and any French Doors/Patio Windows should have an integral locking system or be provided with supplementary locks to delay forcible opening, together with anti-lift blocks if applicable. These requirements will usually be met in properties with UPVC doors or specialist doors with a multi-locking system secured by deadlock. b) Windows on the ground floor and those accessible from flat roofs etc. should be fitted with an appropriate type and number of locks which are self-latching or key operated. These should have casement-to-frame locking along the opening edge. c) An audible intruder alarm to the appropriate standard protecting either the whole premises or those parts of the premises where guns are stored. a) 2.19 The latest Secured by Design New homes guide provides guidance on Home Security for new and refurbished properties and is considered to be the Police Preferred specification for home builders. 2.20 In the case of outbuildings or garages where the main building is not alarmed, consideration should be given for a stand-alone monitored alarm. 2.21 For these purposes, a ÒsubstantialÓ number of firearms should be considered with regard to the type of firearms, their potential danger if misused and their likely attractiveness to criminals Ð for example, forces may wish to exclude muzzle loading shotguns and muzzle loading rifles given they rarely feature in criminal use. At the lower end the number might vary between six and ten, depending on the type of firearm concerned, whilst anything over ten would rarely be lower than level 2. It must be stressed, however, that it is not enough to base an assessment on the number of firearms alone Ð all factors mentioned above and in paragraph 2.20 should be taken into account. Sound moderators, spare barrels,