of identification are as follows: • via a line manager where informal action has failed to produce the desired sustained improvement. • via a line manager where the matter is more serious and so informal action would not be appropriate. • via PSD where an external complaint has been received about the conduct of a member of police staff e.g. member of the public or external stakeholder. • via PSD where its normal monitoring processes have identified a case of potential inappropriate use of email/IT systems/Social Media. • via PSD regarding a matter involving both a police staff member and an officer. • via the PSD anonymous contact system • Whistleblowing. In ALL cases, the matter must be referred to HR prior to any formal action being taken. This will ensure consistency of approach and application of this procedure. HR will advise and/or liaise with PSD regarding the most appropriate way in which a matter is to be investigated where appropriate. 5.1 Conduct Assessments Once a potential conduct matter has come to light, this will be forwarded to the Organisation Assessment Officer (AO) who will determine as to whether or not further fact finding is necessary and as to whether or not the matter is considered to be ÒBelow or Above ThresholdÓ. If considered below threshold, the matter will be passed back to an appropriate manager locally to deal with. If above, it will be passed to the organisationÕs Authorised Authority (AA) who will determine as to whether or not further fact finding is necessary and once in possession of all appropriate detail, will determine as to whether or not: a. The matter is considered to be Misconduct or Gross Misconduct, or, b. The misconduct is so serious that either suspension from post or suspension from Organisation is appropriate. This investigation will then be passed onto a PSD Investigating Officer (IO) who will be responsible for conducting the formal investigation. 5.2 Conducting an Investigation The purpose of the investigation is to identify facts and gather evidence that enables a decision to be made as to whether or not there is a case to answer. No disciplinary action will be taken against an employee until the case has been fully investigated. An individual under investigation will be informed as soon as practicably possible in writing of the: • nature of the allegation and standards breached • name of the Investigating Officer • right to be accompanied throughout the process by a Unison representative or a colleague. During the course of the investigation, if evidence comes to light which in the opinion of the IO warrants the amendment of the allegations, the IO may resubmit their rationale to the AA for reassessment. The employee must be informed of any changes in the nature of the allegations. Care must be taken to deal with the employee in a fair and reasonable manner. The nature and extent of misconduct investigations will depend upon the seriousness and complexity of the matter in question. It should