records management Examples of statutory legal authority In policing, there will be occasions when demonstrating candour, through the requirement to cooperate, will be limited by statutory legal authorities subject to existing laws relating to privacy, data protection and national security. This includes the following. Preventing the disclosure of relevant material in compliance with the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996. Subterfuge in approved firearms tactics or within a live crime-inaction kidnap and extortion investigation, where it is necessary to protect life and prevent suffering in meeting an obligation under Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights (PDF). Covert policing The police service operates on the basis of openness and transparency. This is essential to maintaining and enhancing a positive relationship between the policing profession and the community. To achieve legitimate policing aims, it is sometimes necessary to use covert tactics. This is recognised in law. Covert tactics must be appropriately authorised. Any deployments must be shown to be proportionate, lawful, accountable and necessary. Covert operatives who authorise or perform covert policing roles must keep in mind this guidance, as well as the ethical policing principles and authorised professional practice (APP), at all times. Covert operatives can be authorised to create a false legend and persona within an authorised covert policing operation. Covert operatives will comply with the Undercover policing APP, which makes it clear that it is never acceptable for an undercover operative to have an intimate sexual relationship with those they are deployed to infiltrate and target or encounter during their deployment. Legitimate adoption of a Ôneither confirm nor denyÕ response to protect covert policing tactics. Business interest and associations Our high expectations demand that we: are actively aware of, and identify when, associations with Ð or advocacy for Ð any groups or individuals create a conflict of interest or risk to our police work and responsibilities, consequently affecting our ability to discharge our policing duties effectively and impartially take steps to mitigate any conflict of interest and notify associations where required in line with policy ensure that any business interest we have is reported, is authorised and does not conflict with our police work and responsibilities seek clarification on what a conflict of interest is if we are unsure report changes in our personal circumstances that could have an impact on our vetting status (including notifiable associations) Additional professional requirements for police officers only The actions or associations of police officers can bring discredit and disrepute to the police service and could constitute misconduct. As police officers, we: recognise that we must abide by paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 of The Police Regulations 2003, which limits our involvement in politics know that being subject to any of the following measures could bring discredit on our police service, may affect our vetting status and may result in action being taken for misconduct, depending on the circumstances of the particular matter: arrest any legal processing in connection with an allegation of criminal conduct a summons for an offence