who have mental health issues and / or learning disabilities. This Policy supports the intent of the Wiltshire Police Vulnerability Strategy with due consideration of the Police and Crime Plan for Wiltshire 2017-2021. This Policy document is produced alongside APP Mental Health to reflect local variations to operational practice as identified within the APP. Wiltshire Police recognises and appreciates the distinction between Mental Health and Learning Disability. These two distinct and highly important areas of business are brought together in a single policy to reflect the approach taken at national APP level. The procedures and protocols to this policy are in separate documents which provide detailed operational guidance. The following procedures/protocols need to be read in conjunction with this policy: > Section136 MHA Act 1983 - Multi Agency Under 18s Operational Policy > Section 136 Mental Health Act 1983 - Place of Safety multi agency procedure for Adults > Section 135 Place of Safety Joint Agency Protocol > Mental Health Ð South West Regional Mental Health Joint Protocol > Police Attendance Use of Restraint in Mental Health & Learning Disability Settings Joint Agency Protocol > Mental Health - National Escalation Process > Management of Missing Persons and Absent Without Leave Protocol > No Response and welfare check requests procedure People with mental health issues and/or learning disabilities should receive a quality service from Wiltshire Police regardless of their needs. Wiltshire Police recognises that mental ill health and learning disabilities have an impact across our entire scope of business delivery. As a result this policy and collection of procedural documents relates to all organisational activity. Examples of the range of contact are highlighted but not limited to those listed below: • People suffering from mental ill health as victims of crime and those targeted as a result of their condition. • The needs that arise firstly in a criminal justice capacity, whether the person is a victim, witness or suspect and secondly in a health care capacity. • Acting in support to agencies dealing with someone experiencing a mental health crisis, by supporting a person until healthcare professionals are involved, or responding to members of the public who require a service from the police. • Responding to families or carers of people with mental health issues or learning disabilities who have concerns. • Missing people. The Mental Health Act 1983, the Mental Capacity Act 2005 and their associated codes of practice provide the Wiltshire Police with a clear framework in which to operate when delivering a service involving someone with a mental illness or learning disability. > Code of Practice (2015) to MHA 1983 for England > Code of Practice (2005) to MCA (England and Wales) > Code of Practice on (2008) MCA Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards (England and Wales). > In order to assist officers and staff Wiltshire Police and Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Partnership NHS Trust will operate a Mental Health Control Room Triage (MHCRT) and LADS (CARS) schemes. All such schemes will be covered by robust service