force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (12) This section does not affect any power relating to the extraction or production of information, or any power to seize any item or obtain any information, conferred by an enactment or rule of law. (13) In this ChapterÑ ÒadultÓ means a person aged 18 or over; Òauthorised personÓ has the meaning given by subsection (1) of section 44 (subject to subsections (2) and (3) of that section); ÒchildÓ means a person aged under 18; Òconfidential informationÓ has the meaning given by section 43; Òcriminal offenceÓ includesÑ (a) a service offence within the meaning of the Armed Forces Act 2006, and (b) an SDA offence within the meaning of the Armed Forces Act 2006 (Transitional Provisions etc) Order 2009 (S.I. 2009/1059); Òelectronic deviceÓ means any device on which information is capable of being stored electronically and includes any component of such a device; ÒenactmentÓ includesÑ (a) an enactment contained in subordinate legislation within the meaning of the Interpretation Act 1978, (b) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, an Act of the Scottish Parliament, (c) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, an Act or Measure of Senedd Cymru, and (d) an enactment contained in, or in an instrument made under, Northern Ireland legislation; ÒinformationÓ includes moving or still images and sounds; ÒuserÓ, in relation to an electronic device, means a person who ordinarily uses the device. (14) References in this Chapter to the extraction of information include its reproduction in any form. (15) This section is subject to sections 38 (children, and adults without capacity), 39 (requirements for voluntary provision and agreement) and 40 (persons who have died etc). 38 Application of section 37 to children and adults without capacity (1) A child is not to be treated for the purposes of section 37(1) as being capable ofÑ (a) voluntarily providing an electronic device to an authorised person for those purposes, or (b) agreeing for those purposes to the extraction of information from the device by an authorised person. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 41 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 3 Ð Extraction of information from electronic devices Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) If a child is a user of an electronic device, a person who is not a user of the device but is listed in subsection (3) mayÑ (a)