police firearms licensing officer and decide between them how information should be supplied and with what frequency. They should also set up a system so that the liaison officer can contact the firearms licensing officer as necessary and vice versa. See further guidance on the role and responsibilities of club liaison officers in Annex A. . An attendance register should be kept of all members. In the case of a firearm held on a memberÕs firearm certificate, the register will record the calibre, type and serial number of the firearm(s) used and the date. All visiting shooters should be logged in the same way. In the case of competition shoots between clubs, the responsibility for recording the attendance of a team member will lie with the club that the shooter represents. In the case of open competitions, the organising club will record details of competitors. Clubs should retain their attendance records for a minimum of 6 years. . Notifying the police when a personÕs membership has ceased, or as soon as such a person has not shot with the club for a period of 12 months, will allow the chief officer of police to check in the case of certificate holders whether that individual is still using his or her firearm(s) regularly at another club or approved range. The police should be informed within 1 month of cessation of membership. . Casual membership enquiries need not be reported - only those which reach the stage of a formal application. The police should be advised when an application is submitted formally to the club. . Whether a prospective member has ever had an application for a firearm or shotgun certificate refused, or had a certificate revoked, should form the basis of a question on the clubÕs membership application form. There are many reasons for refusal/revocation and not all will count against an individual. Clubs will therefore need to ascertain why the certificate was refused/revoked in order to make an informed decision. . There are three categories of approval: full-bore rifle, small-bore rifle and muzzle-loading pistol. Rifles chambered for pistol ammunition above .22 rim- fire calibre are regarded as full-bore rifles. Clubs seeking approval in order to use such rifles will therefore need access to a suitable range with adequate financial arrangements in place to meet any injury or damage claim. The National Associations are able to provide advice on the construction and use of ranges. . The security arrangements for storing firearms must be satisfactory to the local chief officer of police acting through the force firearms licensing department. . The ban on day or temporary membership is to stop casual shooters being able to come in off the street and shoot. It should not be confused with properly organised guest days, competition shoots between clubs or events open to individuals who are not members of that club. An organised and notified guest day is required only for guest members who are neither members of another approved club nor firearm certificate