nearby. We encourage all social landlords to adopt similar policies. 118. We have heard how, in social housing, peopleÕs experience, including stigma, can be shaped by their interactions with frontline staff. Going forward, we want to ensure that frontline social housing staff have the right knowledge and skills to work sensitively with people who have or are at risk of developing mental health problems, building on examples of good practice in the sector. Our review of professionalisation will consider how well housing staff are equipped to work with people with mental health needs and we will encourage best practice for landlords working with those with mental health needs. 119. We are aware of emerging evidence about the relationship between housing and health, including about housingÕs role in the transmission of COVID-19. We will continue to engage with the latest evidence on the impact of housing conditions on health, including COVID-19 transmission, and are actively considering options to mitigate these impacts. Supporting tenants facing anti-social behaviour and crime 120. Tenants in social housing are more likely to be victims of crime and experience anti-social behaviour (ASB). These are corrosive behaviours, and this Government has been clear that they are unacceptable in all forms. Tenants have a right to feel safe in their homes, without the stress, fear and tensions that anti-social behaviour and crime can cause. The Government is committed to keeping our streets safe and cutting crime, including through ensuring that homes and communities are secure. We passed the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act in 2014 to give landlords a wide range of tools to tackle ASB. We also published statutory guidance in 2019 to support local areas to make effective use of these powers, which sets out the importance of focusing on the impact of anti-social behaviour on victims and on their needs. The guidance gives police, local authorities and others greater clarity on how best to use the powers appropriately and proportionately. However, we heard that in some cases social housing tenants feel their landlord is not taking their concerns seriously or seeking to tackle the issues they face. Our new social housing tenant satisfaction measures (see Box A: Draft Tenant Satisfaction Measures) will include measures on responsible neighbourhood management, including tackling anti-social behaviour, so landlords will have to be transparent and report on how they are performing in this area. Tenants and the regulator will then be able to use this information to hold landlords to account and drive better performance. We will work with the Home Office and other partners to develop our understanding on how crime, and tenantsÕ perception of crime, can be measured and reported on, and what scope there may be to include them in tenant satisfaction measures. 121. We also heard that it is not always clear to tenants who is responsible for responding to anti-social behaviour when they raise concerns. People do not know who to turn to, and what help and support to expect when they do. This has