read it to them and ask whether they would like to sign it as correct or make their mark or to indicate how they consider it inaccurate. The person conducting the interview should certify on the written record itself what has occurred. 187. 224. When an interviewee agrees to read the record and other comments and sign them as correct, they should be asked to endorse the record and comments with, for example, ÔI agree that this is a correct record of what was saidÕ and add their signature or mark. If the person does not agree with the record or comments, the appropriate officer should record the details of any disagreement and ask the interviewee to read these details and sign them to the effect that they accurately reflect their disagreement. Any refusal to sign should be recorded. Commencement of interviews 225. When the interviewee is brought into the interview room the person conducting the interview should without delay, but in the sight of the interviewee, load or start the recorder with clean recording media and set it to record. The recording media should, if possible, be unwrapped or otherwise opened in the presence of the interviewee. 226. The person conducting the interview should: • inform the interviewee that he or she is the appropriate officer or has delegated authority (under section 2C); • give his or her name and that of any other persons present (subject to the provision on pseudonyms of members of staff of the relevant Director under section 449A); • inform the interviewee of the purpose for which any person accompanying the person conducting the interview is present; • ask the interviewee to state his full name and address and date of birth; • ask any person present with the interviewee to state their name, business address42 and capacity in which he or she is present; • state the date, time of commencement and place of the interview; • state that the interviewee has the opportunity to request legal and/or financial advice; • state and obtain the confirmation of the reasons under paragraph 139 et seq for there being no legal representation if this be the case; • inform the interviewee: 42 If persons present do not have a business address (e.g. a parent), they should provide a home address. (a) of their right to consult in private at any time with any solicitor, qualified accountant or appropriate adult present with them at any interview; (b) of their right to be questioned fairly; (c) of their right to be given an opportunity at the end of the interview to clarify anything they have said or to say anything further if they wish; and (d) of their right to be allowed a break in any interview which lasts for more than two hours; (e) that the interview is being recorded; (f) that they will be given a notice about what will happen to the recording media; and (g) of the likely length of the interview. (h)