of that Act;Ó; (c) for paragraph (c), substituteÑ Ò(c) the Secretary of State is required under section 57A(5) or 77A(2) of that Act to endorse the personÕs driving record with particulars of the offence and the penalty points to be attributed to it;Ó; (d) in paragraph (d), for Òappropriate personÓ substitute ÒSecretary of StateÓ; (e) in paragraph (e), after the first ÒtheÓ insert ÒpersonÕs driving record orÓ; (f) in paragraph (f), for Òappropriate personÓ substitute ÒSecretary of StateÓ. (7) Omit subsection (4). (8) Omit subsection (7). 3 (1) Section 3 (revocation of licences) is amended as follows. (2) For subsection (1) substituteÑ Ò(1) The Secretary of State must, in the case of a person to whom this subsection applies (see section 2), by notice served on the person revoke the personÕs licence.Ó (3) Omit subsection (1ZA). (4) In subsection (1A)Ñ (a) in the words before paragraph (a), omit Òor (1ZA)Ó; (b) in paragraph (b), at the beginning insert Òif the Secretary of State is already in receipt of it,Ó. (5) In subsection (1B), omit Òor (1ZA)Ó. 4 After section 3 insertÑ 1 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Surrender of licences and test certificates by new drivers Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 305 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò3A Surrender of licences (1) WhereÑ (a) the Secretary of State is required under section 3(1) or (1B) to serve a notice on a person revoking the personÕs licence, and (b) the Secretary of State is not already in receipt of the licence, the notice may also require the person to surrender the licence to the Secretary of State before the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the date on which the notice is served. (2) A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to comply with a requirement imposed under subsection (1)Ñ (a) is guilty of an offence, and (b) is liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (3) Where the Secretary of State receives a Northern Ireland licence pursuant to a requirement to surrender it imposed under subsection (1), the Secretary of State must send it to the licensing authority in Northern Ireland.Ó 5 In section 9, for subsection (5) (interpretation: address for sending licences, test certificates etc) substituteÑ Ò(5) Any requirement under any provision of this Act thatÑ (a) a licence, a test certificate or a notice must be sent to the Secretary of State, or (b) a licence or a test certificate must be surrendered to the Secretary of State, is a requirement that