to the High Court or the county court; Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 39 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes prescribe circumstances in which the proceedings may or must remain in a youth court.] Interpretation In this Part— “application without notice” has the meaning given by section 39(2); “consultation requirement” has the meaning given by section 38(2); [F25“court” (except in Schedule 5A)— in the case of a respondent aged under 18, means a youth court, and in any other case, means the High Court or the county court, but this is subject to any provision in rules of court that is or could be made under section 48(4);] [F26 “ drug-dealing activity ” has the meaning given by section 34(7); ] [F27 “ judge ”, in relation to a youth court, means a person qualified to sit as a member of that court; ] “local authority” has the meaning given by section 37(2); “relevant judge” has the meaning given by section 43(7); “respondent” means the person in respect of whom an application for an injunction is made or (as the context requires) the person against whom such an injunction is granted; “review hearing” has the meaning given by section 36(5); “specify”, in relation to an injunction, means specify in the injunction; “violence” includes violence against property. Any reference in this Part to an injunction under this Part includes a reference to an interim injunction. 40 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Review of operation of this Part The Secretary of State must— review the operation of this Part, and prepare and publish a report on the outcome of the review. The report must be published before the end of the period of 3 years beginning with the day on which this Part comes into force. The Secretary of State must lay the report before Parliament. Part 5 Proceeds of crime Confiscation Recovery of expenses etc The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c. 29) is amended as follows. In section 55 (sums received by designated officer in