floor level (see Figure 33). Any floor over a basement should provide 60 minutes fire resistance. For smaller premises 30 minutes may be acceptable. Where this is impractical, and as long as no smoke can get through the floor, automatic smoke detection linked to a fire-alarm system which is audible throughout the premises could, as an alternative, be provided in the basement area. If in doubt, contact a competent person for more detailed advice. Figure 33: Basement protection Subdivision of corridors If your premises has corridors more than 30m long, then generally these corridors should be subdivided near the centre of the corridor with fire doors and, where necessary, fire-resisting construction to limit the spread of fire and smoke and to protect escape routes if there is a fire. Where a corridor serves two exits from a floor, generally these corridors should be subdivided with fire doors to separate the two exits (see Figure 34). Doors that are provided solely for the purpose of restricting the travel of smoke need not be fire doors, but will be suitable as long as they are of substantial construction, are capable of resisting the passage of smoke, and are self- closing. Smoke should not be able to bypass these doors, e.g. above a false ceiling, or via alternative doors from a room, or adjoining rooms, opening on either side of the subdivision. Generally, false ceilings should be provided with barriers or smoke stopping over any fire doors. Where the false ceiling forms part of the fire- resisting construction this may not be necessary. If you have doubts about subdivision of corridors, ask advice from a competent person. Stairway enclosures Stairways if unprotected from fire can rapidly become affected by heat and smoke cutting off the escape route and allowing fire to spread to other floors. However if adequately protected, escape stairways can be regarded as places of reasonable safety to enable people to escape to a place of total safety. In most premises which are served by more than one stairway, it is probable that these stairways will be protected by fire-resisting construction and will lead to a final exit. If any floor has an occupancy of over 60 each storey should have at least two exits i.e. protected routes. The figure 76 Figure 34: Subdivision of corridor between two stairways or exits of 60 can be varied in proportion to the risk, lower risk slight increase, higher risk lower numbers of persons. It is possible that you may have some stairways which have no fire protection to them. In this case they are not designed for escape and are normally known as accommodation stairways (see accommodation stairways on page 81). If you have a protected stairway(s) then it is essential that you maintain that level of fire protection. The benefit of protecting stairways from the effects of fire allows you to measure your travel distance from the furthest point on the relevant floor to the nearest storey exit rather than the final