"adequate procedures" in place to prevent bribery. The Bribery Act does not prohibit reasonable and proportionate hospitality and promotional or other similar business expenditure, intended to improve the image of a commercial organisation, to better/present products or services, or to establish cordial relations. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS ACPO Guidelines on Gifts, Gratuities and Hospitality College of Policing Code of Ethics NPCC Abuse of Position for a Sexual Purpose strategy AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE APP Ð Counter Corruption Table of contents DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW Gifts & Hospitality management information will be provided to the People Intelligence Board with overall governance from the Culture Ethics and Standards Board which is chaired by the DCC. . This Policy and Procedure is owned by Professional Standards. The Head of Professional Standards will ensure that this policy is reviewed every two years. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY AND PROCEDURE Professional Standards are responsible for this policy and procedure. Contact can be made with the department by the following means Ð Email: ProfStand@wiltshire.police.uk Table of contents GIFTS & HOSPITALITY PROCEDURE 1. RECORDING OBLIGATION It is the responsibility of all members of Wiltshire Police to declare gifts or hospitality offered by a member of the public when the offer is made because the intended recipient is a member of the Police Service. This also applies to an attempt by a member of public to initiate or pursue a sexual or inappropriate relationship with a member of Wiltshire Police. This is a mandatory requirement in all instances where an offer is made by a member of the public or an outside organisation. The obligation to record is applicable whether the individual employee is on or off duty at the time and regardless of whether the offer is accepted or not. There is no requirement to record gifts or hospitality offered by other members of the Police Service. There is also no requirement to record gifts received in the course of normal private life from bona fide friends, relatives and associates. 2. RECORDING & APPLICATION PROCESS 2.1 Recording offers of gifts and hospitality All offers of gifts and hospitality will be recorded on the Gifts & Hospitality Register (located on the Professional Standards SharePoint site) which will be submitted for approval. Even if the gift or hospitality is refused by the member of Wiltshire Police and regardless of the result of the application (approved or denied), the gifts and hospitality register MUST still be completed. This is to identify potential corrupters of police officers and staff, i.e. persons who make multiple offers to multiple officers/staff. Where the motivation of the donor of a gift or hospitality could be seen as sexual or