by nationality 11. Article 12 of the EU Directive covers jurisdiction and requires Member States to establish their jurisdiction with regards to a cyber offence being committed by one 1. of their nationals. Before the amendment, the arrangements for the extra territorial application of the offences (that is, the ability for the UK courts to try cases in respect of conduct committed outside their jurisdiction) within the 1990 Act required the prosecution to show a significant link to the UK Ð that being that either the individual or the affected/intended affected computer needed to be present in the UK at the time of the offence. 12. In response to Article 12, section 43 of the Serious Crime Act extends the categories of Òsignificant link to the domestic jurisdictionÓ in section 5 of the 1990 Act to include ÒnationalityÓ. This provides a legal basis to prosecute a UK national who commits any section 1 to 3A offence whilst outside the UK, where the offence has no link to the UK other than the offenderÕs nationality, provided that the offence was also an offence in the country where it took place. Savings 13. Section 44 clarifies the savings provision at section 10 of the 1990 Act and is intended to remove any ambiguity for the lawful use of powers to investigate crime (for example under Part 3 of the Police Act 1997) and the interaction of those powers with the offences in the 1990 Act. The changes do not extend law enforcement agenciesÕ powers but merely clarify the use of existing powers (derived from other enactments, wherever exercised) in the context of the offences in the 1990 Act. Home Office March 2015 Serious Crime Act 2015 Fact sheet: Extending extra-territorial jurisdiction to sections 5 and 6 of the Terrorism Act 2006 Background 1. The threat from Ôforeign fightersÕ, that is individuals who travel abroad, in particular to Syria and more recently Iraq, to engage in terrorist activities and who may pose a risk upon their return to the United Kingdom, is significant. Foreign fighters are not a problem unique to Syria and Iraq, but the scale of travel to those countries poses an unprecedented challenge. The Security Service is seeing more UK-linked individuals travelling there to take part in the fighting than any other place of conflict; it remains the number one destination for violent extremists anywhere in the world today. 2. The Government is committed to doing everything it can to protect the public from individuals who prepare and train for terrorism and may seek to harm the UK or UK interests. While our priority is to dissuade people from travelling abroad, we must ensure that the legislation we have in place to prosecute individuals engaging in terrorism on their return to the UK, is as robust as it can be. 3. Law enforcement partners, including the police, assess that where there may be evidence of individuals carrying out preparation activities and terrorist training abroad, a gap in our current legislation