commitment to human rights while pressuring Myanmar’s regime to reduce violence. Implementation The rotating ASEAN chair position provides significant influence over the association’s agenda, with Malaysia’s upcoming chairmanship in 2025 poised to play a pivotal role in advancing a more assertive stance on Myanmar.19 With increasing pressure for decisive action against Myanmar’s military junta, Malaysia would drive a coordinated approach to suspend Myanmar’s membership, promoting ASEAN’s commitment to human rights and regional stability.19 As chair, Malaysia could bring the proposal for Myanmar’s suspension to a formal vote within ASEAN. While this would require unanimous consent, Malaysia can leverage ASEAN’s foundational principles of peace and human rights to build counsense.5 Notably, five of nine ASEAN member states currently support the UN-led arms embargo on Myanmar, including Singapore who is most economically tied to Myanmar.8 Despite Singapore’s economic ties to Myanmar, its vote on the embargo highlights a prioritization of international credibility over complicity in genocide. If a suspension vote is called, Singapore and other ASEAN member states with lesser economic ties are likely to support the measure to avoid international condemnation or isolation as the sole dissenting vote. Malaysia’s former foreign minister Saifuddin Abdullah set a progressive president by openly addressing the humanitarian crisis in Myanmar and building cabinet support for such initiative, laying the groundwork for the current foreign minister, Datuk Seri Mohamad Hasan.20 Hasan has emphasizes ASEAN’s responsibility to act decisively on Myanmar, framing the oppression of Muslims in Myanmar as a crisis that transcends internal affairs and demanded unified regional action.21 Malaysia’s theme for its chairmanship “Inclusivity and Sustainability” reinforces its commitment to addressing Myanmar’s genocide, positioning the country to lead efforts to demand accountability from the Myanmar’s junta, opening to door for ideas such as removal of the state from ASEAN. Additionally, the newly established Troika mechanism, comprising Indonesia, Malaysia, and Laos—the previous, current, and future ASEAN chairs—provides a coordinated platform to address the Myanmar crisis.22 This mechanism signals ASEAN’s intent to strengthen its response to the junta's violations and explore solutions beyond the ineffective five-point consensus. Advocating for Myanamr’s suspension aligns with ASEAN’s historical principles and enhances its credibility on the global stage. A suspension would signal ASEAN’s intolerance for human rights abuses and restrict Myanmar’s access to arms and economic resources. This unified regional stance would exert significant pressure on the junta, challenging its ability to sustain the oppressive regime and advancing efforts to resolve the humanitarian crisis. Works Cited “A Timeline of Rohingya History: Burma’s Path to Genocide.” United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. n.d. https://exhibitions.ushmm.org/burm as-path-to-genocide/timeline. OHCHR. n.d. “Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.” https://www.ohchr.org/en/instrumen ts-mechanisms/instruments/rome- statute-international-criminal-court. Baker, Jalelah Abu. 2023. “Indonesia ‘Proactive’ but ‘Slow’ in Dealing With Myanmar as ASEAN Chair, Say Analysts.” CNA, April 14, 2023. https://www.channelnewsasia.com/ asia/myanmar-crisis-air-strike- indonesia-asean-chair-needs-do- more-3417706. “UN Rights Council Condemns Myanmar Abuses, Urges Immediate Action.” 2024. UN News. July 10, 2024. https://news.un.org/en/story/2024/0 7/1151966. ASEAN “What We Do: ASEAN Main Portal.” ASEAN Main Portal. June 7, 2024. https://asean.org/what-we-do. “ASEAN Must Take Stronger Stance Beyond Five-Point Consensus, Southeast Asian