that are suitable for quick release and will be worn in such a way that the wearerÕs face, service insignia and any other identification remain available. The hijab will be worn tucked into any high-visibility clothing. Turbans can be worn instead of the custodian helmet for standard tours of duty. However, in the event of a public order incident, the NATO style helmet must be worn to protect the health and safety of the officer, his or her colleagues and members of the public. Additionally, other policing activities which, for the same reasons of health and safety, require the wearing of protective headwear e.g. motorcycle unit, pedal cycle patrol etc will not be permitted without the wearing of full PPE including headwear i.e. motorcycle or pedal cycle helmets. There is no requirement for the force crest or chequered banding to be worn on the Turban. Neck Warmers or Scarfs Neck warmers or scarfs will only be worn by uniformed officers and uniformed police staff if issued in accordance with a specialist role or approved in support of diversity following the undertaking of a risk assessment. Shirts Ð Black, Blue or White? The following sets out the expectations of which colour shirt should be worn. In all cases, shirts will be worn tucked into the waist of the trouser or skirt and buttoned up to the collar. Operationally Deployed Officers - the default position is that black shirts will be worn regardless of rank. Wearing of Uniform at Court - Uniformed officers and police staff attending Magistrates Court, Crown Court and Coroners Court wear standard operational uniform (which includes Personal Safety Equipment (PPE) and body armour where appropriate). All non uniformed officers will attend court in their usual attire i.e. smart business dress. Operationally Deployed Police Staff - the default position is that blue wicking shirts will be worn. These staff groups include PCSOs, Escort Officers, Detention Officers, Forensic Support Officers, Facilities Staff, Training Staff and Vehicle Technicians. Office based Police Officers and Training Instructors Ð the default position is that white shirts with a black tie will be worn regardless of their rank. On those occasions when an office based officer is operationally deployed, the appropriate dress code to that role shall apply. Enquiry Officers Ð the default position is that white shirts with a black tie. Contact Management Police Staff - the default position is that blue wicking shirts will be worn. Special Constabulary Officers - the default position is that black shirts will be worn regardless of rank. Attendance of Office based Officers at Training Courses Ð the default position is that white shirts with a black tie will be worn regardless of their rank. Attendance of Operationally Deployed Officers at Training Courses Ð the default position is that white shirts with a black tie will be worn regardless of their rank Ties All uniformed officers, special constabulary and staff members who wear a white shirt shall wear the Wiltshire Police issue clip on tie which shall be