at or between which something must or must not be done); (b) provide for those details to be supplied, after the giving of the caution, by a specified person or a person of a specified description. (10) A condition authorised by this section may not require a person to remain at their own or anyone elseÕs residence for any period of time. (11) In this section ÒspecifiedÓ means specified in the caution. 102 Financial penalty conditions (1) A condition requiring the offender to pay a financial penalty may be attached to a diversionary caution with the object of punishing the offender. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 117 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The condition must specifyÑ (a) the amount of the financial penalty, (b) the person to whom the financial penalty must be paid, (c) how it must or may be paid, and (d) the date on or before which it must be paid. (3) The amount specified under subsection (2)(a) must not exceed an amount prescribed in regulations. (4) Where the person specified under subsection (2)(b) is not the designated officer for a magistratesÕ court, once the penalty is paid to that person they must give it to such an officer. (5) The date specified under subsection (2)(d) must be the last day of the period of 28 days beginning with the day on which the caution is given. 103 Foreign offendersÕ conditions (1) Where a diversionary caution is given to a relevant foreign offender, a condition with one or both of the objects in subsection (2) may be attached to it. (2) The objects areÑ (a) bringing about the departure of the relevant foreign offender from the United Kingdom; (b) ensuring that the relevant foreign offender does not return to the United Kingdom for a period of time. (3) If a diversionary caution has a condition with the object referred to in subsection (2) (b), the expiry of the period does not of itself give rise to any right on the part of the offender to return to the United Kingdom. (4) In this section Òrelevant foreign offenderÓ meansÑ (a) an offender directions for whose removal from the United Kingdom have been, or may be, given under Schedule 2 to the Immigration Act 1971 or section 10 of the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999, or (b) an offender against whom a deportation order under section 5 of the Immigration Act 1971 is in force. 104 Variation of conditions An authorised