the order is sought for the purposes of that investigation; • the order is sought against the financial institution specified in the application in relation to account information that the appropriate officer wishes to obtain. The application must also state that the order is sought in relation to account information37 about the specified person; • the reasonable grounds for suspecting that the person specified in the application holds recoverable property or associated property; • the reasonable grounds for believing that account information which may be provided in compliance with the order is likely to be of substantial value (whether or not by itself) to the investigation for the purposes of 37 Account information is information relating to an account or accounts held at the financial institution specified in the application by the person so specified (whether solely or jointly with another): section 370(4). which the order is sought, and that it is in the public interest for the account information to be provided, having regard to the benefit likely to accrue to the investigation if the information is obtained. 136. The application for an account monitoring order may specify information relating to all accounts held by the person specified in the application for the order at the financial institution so specified, a particular description, or particular descriptions, of accounts so held, or a particular account, or particular accounts, so held. The order will set out the manner and deadline by which the financial institution must produce account information and the period for which the order should last (but this may not exceed a 90 day period). Particular action to be taken before an application for an account monitoring order 137. The appropriate officer has to consider the benefit of obtaining information from an account to his investigation, and whether this information could be as easily obtained by using a production order. 138. The appropriate officer should also consider what account information he or she should request. If, for example, the appropriate officer requires information on certain transactions, they should consider whether they could meaningfully limit the information they require to amounts over a certain threshold or identity of the source of the deposit or destination of a transaction. 139. The provision of account information will be for so long as the court has set out in the order (although no longer than 90 days, beginning with the day on which the order is made) and be provided at or by the time or times stated in the order. A reasonable time limit to suggest to the judge might be that the information should be provided within 24 hours on all transactions unless it appears that it would not be reasonably practicable for the subject of the account monitoring order to comply with this time limit. I t i s best practice to contact the subject of the account monitoring order (i.e. the relevant financial institution) before the application is made to discuss types of transaction and the reporting process. 140.