offence”, in relation to an accredited person, includes an offence under a relevant byelaw within the meaning of paragraph 1A(4) (and, accordingly, the reference in that paragraph (f) to paragraph 1 of this Schedule includes a reference to paragraph 1A of this Schedule).] [F1031(4) In its application to an offence which is an offence by reference to which a notice may be given to a person in exercise of the power mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) (ab) [F1032or (ac)] , sub-paragraph (1) shall have effect as if for the words from “who he has reason to believe” to the end there were substituted “in the relevant police area who he has reason to believe has committed or is committing a relevant fixed penalty offence”.] 280 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5 – Powers exercisable by accredited persons Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F10331A(1) This paragraph applies to an accredited person whose accreditation specifies that it applies to him. The accreditation may specify that, in relation to that person, the application of sub- paragraph (3) is confined to one or more only (and not all) relevant byelaws, being in each case specified in the accreditation. Where that person has reason to believe that an individual has committed an offence against a relevant byelaw at a place within the relevant police area, he may exercise the power of an authorised officer of an authority to give a notice under section 237A of the Local Government Act 1972 [F1034or under section 12 of the Local Government Byelaws (Wales) Act 2012] (fixed penalty notices in relation to offences against certain byelaws). In this paragraph “relevant byelaw”, in relation to an accredited person, means a byelaw which— falls within sub-paragraph (5); and is specified or described in that person's accreditation as a byelaw he has been accredited to enforce under this paragraph. A byelaw falls within this sub-paragraph if— it is a byelaw to which section 237A of the Local Government Act 1972 [F1035or to which section 12 of the Local Government Byelaws (Wales) Act 2012 applies] applies (fixed penalty notices in relation to offences against certain byelaws); and the chief officer of the police force for the relevant police area and the authority who made the byelaw have agreed to include it in a list of byelaws for the purposes of this sub-paragraph. A list under sub-paragraph (5)(b) must be published by the chief officer in such a way as to bring it to the attention of members of the public in localities where the byelaws in the list apply. Police Reform Act