business continuity good practice across all business sectors in the LLR region. During Business Continuity Awareness week 2010, the BCF published a one-page supplement in some of the regions newspapers and their related websites which generated a substantial interest and response from the business community. The BCF and County Council have combined their business continuity planning and exercise workshops and these have now been rolled out as a LRF initiative across the region. Separate planning and exercise workshops are run on a monthly basis. The BCF has Ð o strong links into all the regions Trading Standards teams as well as other business networks e.g. Federation of Small Businesses and Chamber of Commerce; o started to develop initiatives with its partners (police and fire) to further promote business continuity (e.g. Emergency Response Planning for Schools and Residential Care Providers); and o launched the LLR Business Continuity Working Group for businesses, regardless of sector and size, in the region. This free, one day workshop, introduced the business community to the LRF business continuity advisors who are available to assist organisations in developing their own practical resilience programmes. The working group will meet on a regular basis (every 8 weeks) to share and develop good practice amongst businesses across the region. The service is provided free of charge to all business sectors. The County Council and the LRF accept that the aims may not be achieved overnight, but remain optimistic that, over time, their approach will become embedded as one of the key support services offered in the LLR region. Officer to Contact: Mondy Holliday, Business Continuity Manager, Leicestershire County Council 0116 305 5400; businesscontinuity@leics.gov.uk Case Study 4 Ð Cardiff Council Cardiff Council has adopted a unique approach by attempting to embed business continuity promotion as a key strand of its EVAC Cardiff initiative. EVAC Cardiff is a multi-agency service which combines a number of statutory duties and national policing initiatives under one brand. The initiative was a finalist in the 2008 Wales Innovation Awards where it was commended for combining different strands of CardiffÕs resilience programme delivered by using clever technology and strong easily distinguishable branding. The business continuity element of EVAC Cardiff has been delivered in three specific ways, these are Ð o electronically via a BCM promotion website Ð The website has been developed to be eye catching and easy to navigate. The site delivers key messages using simple language with an emphasis on selling the positives rather than focusing on the negative reasons for undertaking this work. It uses different technologies such as video/flash and many downloadable templates and tools. It also links to other sites and a feedback questionnaire which also gathers important statistical data on which sectors and size of business are using the website: http://www.nonverba.com/admin/ cardiff/welcome.htm EVAC Warden training Ð The training is aimed at any business irrespective of their size or sector. It covers risks specific to Cardiff, how the scheme works and the importance of business continuity, signposting businesses to the promotion website