prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒRelease at the direction of Parole Board 32ZB Release at direction of Parole Board: timing (1) This section applies where the Parole Board directs the release of a life prisoner under section 28 or 32. (2) The Secretary of State must give effect to the direction of the Parole Board as soon as is reasonably practicable in all the circumstances including, in particular, the need to make arrangements in connection with any conditions that are to be included in the life prisonerÕs licence under this Chapter. (3) The duty under subsection (2) is subject to provision made pursuant to section 239(5C)(b) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (provision in Parole Board rules in relation to setting aside of release directions).Ó (2) In the Criminal Justice Act 2003Ñ (a) in section 255B(5) (automatic release after recall), omit ÒimmediateÓ; (b) in section 255C(5) (release after recall of fixed-term prisoner not suitable for automatic release), omit ÒimmediateÓ; (c) after section 256AZB insertÑ ÒRelease at the direction of the Board 256AZC Release at direction of Parole Board: timing (1) This section applies where the Board directs the release of a person on licence under this Chapter. (2) The Secretary of State must give effect to the direction of the Parole Board as soon as is reasonably practicable in all the circumstances including, in particular, the need to make arrangements in connection with any conditions that are to be included in the personÕs licence under this Chapter. (3) The duty under subsection (2) is subject to provision made pursuant to section 239(5C)(b).Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 7 Ð Sentencing and release CHAPTER 1 Ð Custodial sentences Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 153 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Driving disqualification: extension in connection with custodial sentence 140 Extension of driving disqualification where custodial sentence imposed: England and Wales (1) In section 35A(4) of the Road Traffic Offenders Act 1988 (extension of driving disqualification period where custodial sentence also imposed)Ñ (a) in paragraph (e), after Òcustodial sentence,Ó insert Òbut the sentence is not within section 247A(2A) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (sentences for terrorist offenders in respect of which no early release possible),Ó; (b) in paragraph (f),