with the conditions specified in Section 6.4.1 for 30 ± 5 minutes prior to testing. The first shot shall be conducted within 5 minutes of the end of the conditioning period and the final shot no more than 45 minutes later. 9.3. Reporting On completion of testing, the reports shall be sent to CAST for review alongside any associated relevant information (e.g. photographs) on completion of tests. All test reports will be protectively marked as ÔOFFICIAL SENSITIVE [COMMERICAL]Õ with handling instructions Ôfor use by the Home Office, stated manufacturer and stated test facility only, unless otherwise agreed by all partiesÕ and kept on record for a minimum of five years. 10. Production quality testing 10.1. General requirements PQT is a quality assurance tool designed to periodically assess the performance of certified in- production body armour and ensure it remains at its certified level. This process outlines the formal quality testing which shall be conducted at one of the CAST accredited test facilities (Appendix C). CAST PQT checks are an independent check of a product only. It is the responsibility of the manufacturer to ensure that all armour produced performs as intended through an adequate quality assurance procedure. This must be detailed in the technical file during certification. CAST may request internal quality assurance records for a given armour model at any time. PQT shall be performed on all certified armour at intervals outlined in Section 10.2. Once the specified production milestones have been reached, PQT shall be submitted for assessment within a maximum time period of four weeks. All samples submitted for PQT must be taken directly from a production run. Following PQT, test results shall be supplied to CAST for assessment and approval. CAST reserve the right to request an investigation (Section 10.9) and/or remove certification at any time if the manufacturer fails to comply with PQT or if a product fails PQT. 10.2. Frequency of assessment Initial PQT assessments of any certified armour (plate, soft armour or extended coverage panel) shall be conducted in the first post-certification production run. This shall be performed at one of the CAST accredited independent test facilities. On successful completion, the certified armour shall undergo re-assessment after two years have elapsed, effective from the date of the previous set of successful PQT tests. 10.3. PQT submission requirements 10.3.1. Quantities of armour required The minimum submission requirements for PQT are outlined in Table 18 and Table 19. All armour shall be submitted in accordance with sizes in Section 4.3.1. Table 18: Quantities of armour required for ballistic PQT Protection level Panel type Size CPA (minimum quantity Ð large panels) Small Medium Large F B F B F B HO1 or HO2 Unformed 3 Formed 2 2 HO3 Plate38,39 1 1 HO4 Plate 2 1 SG1 Plate 1 1 Extended coverage 1 1 F = front panel; B = back panel; dark grey boxes Ð no panels required. Table 19: Quantities of armour required for knife/spike PQT Protection level Panel type Size (all front) Small