type. Ideally (because of the construction of some mobile homes) cabinets of heavier construction may be warranted or a dual layer system to protect the area of installation. When considering installing heavier cabinets or safes the load bearing capacity of these structures must be considered. 2.29 The cabinet should be located in a position making attack on it difficult. 2.30 The cabinet should be concealed in an area which is not easily/normally accessed (e.g. inside fitted lockers). 2.31 The cabinet should have the maximum number of its anchorage points attached to the chassis of the unit. The blind heads of any fixings should be outside, with the threaded nut within the cabinet. It may be prudent to have the fixing points welded to the chassis. 2.32 Alloy chassis require special consideration. If the structure is in doubt the provision of bearing plates not less than 4mm thick and large enough to span several adjoining chassis members can be fitted. Alternatively, the below method can be utilised. 2.33 Where the chassis is not substantial, a concrete pad containing securing bolts to attach to the security device should be made underneath the unit. 2.34 Ground anchors can also be adapted for this purpose. These should have a protective enclosure to frustrate access from outside (see paragraph 2.27). 2.35 An audible intruder alarm to BS EN 50131 protecting either the whole of the premises or those parts of the premises where the guns are stored. Consideration should be given to any alarm being installed being a monitored system. Integral Garage Security 2.36 Such a garage should have all its external walls constructed to the same standard (or better) as those of the external walls of the remainder of the property (e.g. brick, concrete block, stone). 2.1 2.37 The internal adjoining walls, if they are to be used for fixing a cabinet, should be made of brick, stone or concrete block. Thermal block walls do not usually make a secure anchorage point unless specialist fitting methods are used. 2.38 The vehicle door of the garage should be to LPS 1175: 7.2, Security Rating 1 or above, or STS 202, BR1, or LPS 2081, SR A. Or additional security products retro-fitted tested to Sold Secure standards. 2.39 On 'up and over' doors as per 2.38. . 2.40 Any other doors allowing access from the outside should be constructed to the same specification as the main entry door for a dwelling. Such doors should be secured by locks of a similar standard to BS3621 - 2016, or a combination of locks or other supplementary devices to ensure that the door offers maximum locking effect into its frame. 2.41 Any opening windows should be fitted with additional locks to bring them to the standards covered in PAS 24 (2016) or the most up to date version of that standard. Dependent upon the vulnerability of these to attack, consideration may need to be given to fitting grilles or bars. 2.42 When firearms are stored in such a garage,