regarding a potential gang injunction for a 14 to 17 year old and to advise what action it would be appropriate to take to ensure the safety of the young person and to protect him or her from significant harm. • Applicants should have regard to the appropriate guidance in respect of safeguarding processes.2 Close partnership working and shared intelligence between local authority childrenÕs social care, law enforcement and public protection agencies will be vital to achieve the right balance of support and criminal justice response, whilst safeguarding the childÕs welfare. • There are a range of factors that increase the risk of a young person becoming involved in gang violence and gang-related drug dealing, and a number of agencies that can identify these risk factors and intervene. Youth Offending Teams (YOTs) are a statutory consultation partner and are well placed, and have the tools to undertake holistic assessments, including managing risk and vulnerability. 2 Working Together to Safeguard Children is available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/working-together-to-safeguard-children 10 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing • Comprehensive assessment tools, information sharing, and agreed referral arrangements are important to ensure that young people get the support they need. A gang injunction should be seen as a tool within a wider partnership approach to dealing with gang violence and gang- related drug dealing amongst under 18s. • Where appropriate, applicants should work closely with the young personÕs family, from the earliest possible stage, to ensure parental/family support. Evidence suggests that where parents are supportive, interventions are more likely to succeed. 11 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 4. Women, girls and gangs 4.1. Women and girlsÕ involvement in gangs Injunction applications made against gang-involved women and girls must take account of their specific needs and experiences, which are often different to those of gang-associated men and boys. Women and girls who are associated with gangs are at risk of violence, particularly sexual violence (including sexual assault, rape and sexual exploitation). Whilst some may choose to take part in gang-related crime, they can also be subject to coercion to commit crimes such as carrying weapons and/or drugs. A 2013 report by University of Bedfordshire, ÔItÕs wrongÉ but you get used to it: A qualitative study of gang-associated sexual violence towards, and exploitation of, young people in EnglandÕ3 found that there are significant levels of sexual victimisation within the gang environment, and young women are particularly at risk. In addition, many young women are blamed by young men and other young women for their experiences of sexual victimisation and many young people viewed rape and sexual assault as ÔnormalÕ sexual behaviour. A 2013 report by the Centre for Mental Health on ÔA need to belong: what leads girls to join gangsÕ which surveyed young people who had been arrested, found that girls with links to gangs were four times more likely than other girls entering the Youth Justice System to report poor relationships with their families and peers.4