is made by the injunction applicant, the court to which it is made must, subject as follows, so amend the order. (4) Where a court amends the supervision order pursuant to sub-paragraph (2) or (3) but the order contains a requirement which, in the opinion of the court, cannot reasonably be complied with if the defaulter resides in the area referred to in sub-paragraph (1), the court must also amend the order byÑ (a) removing that requirement, or (b) substituting for that requirement a new requirement which can reasonably be complied with if the defaulter resides in that area. 70 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing (5) Sub-paragraph (3) does not require a court to amend the supervision order if in its opinion sub-paragraph (4) would produce an inappropriate result. (6) The injunction applicant must consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before making an application under sub-paragraph (1). Revocation of supervision order 10 (1) Where a supervision order is made, the injunction applicant or the defaulter may apply to the appropriate courtÑ (a) to revoke the order, or (b) to amend the order by removing any requirement from it. (2) If it appears to the court to which an application under sub-paragraph (1)(a) or (b) is made to be in the interests of justice to do so, having regard to circumstances which have arisen since the supervision order was made, the court may grant the application and revoke or amend the order accordingly. (3) The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) include the conduct of the defaulter. (4) If an application made under sub-paragraph (1) in relation to a supervision order is dismissed, no further such application may be made in relation to the order by any person without the consent of the appropriate court. (5) The injunction applicant must consult the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order before making an application under sub-paragraph (1). Compliance with supervision order 11 If the responsible officer considers that the defaulter has complied with all the requirements of the supervision order, the responsible officer must inform the injunction applicant. Non-compliance with supervision order 12 (1) If the responsible officer considers that the defaulter has failed to comply with any requirement of the supervision order, the responsible officer must inform the injunction applicant. (2) On being informed as specified in sub-paragraph (1) the injunction applicant may apply to the appropriate court. (3) Before making an application under sub-paragraph (2) the injunction applicant must consultÑ (a) the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order, and (b) any person consulted by virtue of section 38(2)(a) or (b). (4) If on an application under sub-paragraph (2) the court to which it is made is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the defaulter has without reasonable excuse failed to comply with any requirement of the supervision order, the court mayÑ (a) revoke the supervision order and make a