Between 2006, when section 3A came into force, and 2012 there have only been two prosecutions under section 3A and only one found guilty.2 Following consultation with the Police and the Crown Prosecution Service, we have not found any evidence to suggest that there would be a significant increase in cases due to the new offence. As we do not expect many cases we have not given a monetised benefit, however we have demonstrated what the costs would be. It would be disproportionate to analyse the costs in more detail than this. The Ministry of Justice have provided estimates of the weighted cost to the Criminal Justice System per proceeding under the amendment of 'obtain for use'. 2 Further br akdown of Criminal Justice Statistics publication, MoJ Table 1: Weighted estimated Criminal Justice Syst m cost per case for nevv_off ence3: Criminal Justice System Lower bound costs (all Upper bound costs (all Agency1 cases tried in a cases tried in a Crown Magistrates Court) Court) Her Majesty's Courts and £600 £1,100 Tribunals Service Crown Prosecution £200 £2,600 Service Legal Aid £200 £7,700 Prison £7,000 £30,600 Probation5 £0 £0 _weighted cost per case £8,000 £42,000 There is insufficient data on similar Computer Misuse Act offences to give a robust estimate of proceedings, convictions and disposals. A lower and upper bound estimate of the Criminal Justice System costs has been calculated. As the offence is. triable either way, it is assumed that cases could progress through the Magistrates' Court (lower bound) or through the Crown Court (upper bound). The estimated Criminal Justice System cost per case for the new offence is £8k-£42k. 'Worst case' estimates are derived for both scenarios by assuming that all proceedings lead to a custodial sentence and that an offender is given the maximum custodial sentence available; that is 6 months if tried in the Magistrates Court and 2 years if in the Crown Court. The costs may be lower if the average custodial sentence length given is less than the maximum. (See Annex A for further details, including sensitivities of assumptions). Sensitivity analysis Limited evidence has been found to suggest there would be a significant increase in prosecutions from the 1- 2 which we have experienced in the 6 years the current legislation has been in place. As an illustration, if, due to the changing nature of the threat, there was an increase of 10 offences each year, this could cost the Criminal Justice System up to £0.42m per year6. As we expect so few prosecutions, it would be disproportionate to go in to further detail on the costs. Extending extra territorial jurisdiction by nationality The UK has never brought extradition proceedings under the Computer Misuse Act and so we expect minimal new cases to arise. Under the proposals section 3A would include extra territorial jurisdiction provisions for the first time, however we do not expect a significant increase in cases brought under this section. It is expected that the UK is only likely to use this