well as our Force values of impartiality, integrity and transparency. Acceptance of an inappropriate gift if the provision is because the donor is aware of the recipientÕs role, whether on or off duty, which could compromise the organisation may lead to disciplinary action being instigated It is therefore the responsibility of all staff to declare and report gifts and hospitality offered to them on the basis of their role as part of Wiltshire Police. If in doubt, individuals should contact their first or second line manager, Counter Corruption Unit (CCU) or visit the Gifts and Hospitality intranet site for advice. AIM OF THE POLICY This policy makes a requirement for all offers of gifts and hospitality to be recorded, unless they are subject to an exemption. Table of contents APPLICABILITY This policy and procedure applies to all Police Officers, Police Staff, Special Constabulary and Volunteers. While this policy and procedure may not apply to third Party personnel, they should be made aware of their responsibility to comply with the principles enshrined in the Code of Ethics. This policy and procedure does not apply to individuals acting in their capacity as part of any approved secondary employment or declared business interest. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE This policy and the procedure take their legal basis from the following principles: • Bribery Act 2010 • Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 (s26) • The Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 for Police Officers. • The conditions of employment for Police Staff. • The principles of ECHR namely; legality, legitimacy, proportionality, necessity and accountability. • Wiltshire Police Organisational Principles. • Code of Ethics • Vetting Codes of Practice Section 26 of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 relates to the corrupt or other improper exercise of police powers and privileges. A police constable exercises the powers and privileges of a constable improperly if they exercise (or fail to exercise) a power or privilege for the purpose of achieving a benefit for themselves, or a benefit or a detriment for another person. Under the Bribery Act 2010 it is an offence to accept a gift or consideration as an inducement or reward for doing or not doing anything in your official capacity; or showing favour (or disfavour) to anyone in your official capacity. Any money, gift or consideration including hospitality, received from any person or organisation holding or seeking to obtain a contract with the Police may be deemed by the courts to have been received corruptly unless proved otherwise. The offences can be summarised as don't offer a bribe, don't accept a bribe and don't bribe a foreign official. A corporate body can also be liable but may utilise a defence that they had "adequate procedures" in place to prevent bribery. The Bribery Act does not prohibit reasonable and proportionate hospitality and promotional or other similar business expenditure, intended to improve the image of a commercial organisation, to better/present products or services, or to establish cordial relations. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS ACPO