has a confirmed business need • The user is adequately identified and vetted to NPCC standards • The user has been registered within the Home Office IAM Managed Service • The user has been trained to the required level (see section 6 below) • The userÕs PND workstation is located within an approved environment. Role Based Access The PND has a number of access levels according to the requirements of users. These include General Search Users, Auditors and Administrators. Role Based Access restricts the ability of users to view certain more sensitive data held on the PND and is a necessary requirement to ensure integrity of the system. The PNC Manager and the Vetting Unit Manager will be the administrators for the PND and will provide access to the PND according to the userÕs requirements and role. Training All PND search users and auditors shall be trained to a level appropriate to their PND role and access levels as specified by the College of Policing. As a pre-requisite to a training course, users must complete a number of national e-learning modules. These include: • Government Security Classification Scheme (GSC) • Data Protection Act/GDPR • MoPI Module One • MoPI Module Four • MoPI Module Six and Seven • Information Management Formal training will be provided by the Force Training Department and users will be required to achieve the necessary standard in order to be accredited to access the PND. Support & Troubleshooting The PNC Bureau Supervisor will provide an initial point of contact for support. Audit and Compliance Auditing will be carried out in accordance with the Home Office requirements by the Force Auditor within the RRD department. PND user Meeting A PND User Meeting will be convened with attendance from the tactical leads for each department that has Licences allocated to it and representation from IST and training. This meeting will consider as standing agenda items: o PND usage by each department o PND usage by individuals o PND licence allocation o Identification of current and future staffing issues for PND Users o Training requirements o Access issues o o IT issues o Audit compliance o Data upload accuracy. o The PND user meeting will report to SD&T o Reginal PND Meting updates POLICY AIM This policy sets out clear guidance for Wiltshire Police about the minimum standards for the use of the PND in line with the statutory Code of Practice and national standards. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all police officers and police staff who have a requirement to access the PND, either as a direct user or as a requester of information from the system. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Code of Practice on the Operation and Use of the PND Section 39A of the Police Act 1996 (inserted by section 2 of the Police Reform Act 2002) Data Protection Act 2018 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Code of Practice on the Operation and Use of the PND Data Protection Policy AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Information