high elderly populations.14 Additionally, reallocating a portion of state healthcare funds can be used to provide reimbursements when incentivizing deprescribing when appropriate. There are several possible obstacles to implementing the FPRI. One significant obstacle would be opposition from medical professionals, some of whom might be worried about patient safety or the potential loss of income linked to deprescribing. Therefore, policy development talks should involve workshops to educate providers on the long-term benefits of polypharmacy reduction, such as improved patient outcomes, fewer adverse drug events, and reduced healthcare costs. Highlighting how deprescribing can lead to better health outcomes for patients and decrease hospitalization rates will be vital in shifting provider perspectives. Furthermore, offering training sessions on safe deprescribing can ensure providers and pharmacists only prioritize hazardous or unnecessary prescriptions. Technical difficulties with Electronic Health Records (EHR) integration present another obstacle because thorough integration can be expensive and complicated.15 Thus, the initiative will begin with a trial phase. If complete EHR integration is not feasible, records will be maintained and shared via a centralized, secure medication-sharing platform. Furthermore, recognizing that Black, Indigenous, and People of Color communities are frequently disproportionately impacted by polypharmacy issues, the FPRI would work to guarantee that these communities have fair access to deprescribing resources and assistance, especially in areas where they are more likely to encounter obstacles to healthcare access.16 A decrease in the average number of drugs per patient, fewer adverse drug responses (tracked by hospitalization rates), and reduced healthcare costs, particularly those associated with Medicaid and Medicare, are the specific measures to gauge FPRI’s performance. Furthermore, patients’ and caregivers’ quarterly questionnaires will evaluate gains in quality of life and satisfaction with the deprescribing process. They will also track cost savings and hospitalization rate reductions yearly to assess the program’s effectiveness. The FPRI will reduce the hazards of polypharmacy, improve life quality, and increase healthcare equality for Florida's senior citizens through this stepwise strategy, focused outreach, and established measurements. Works Cited “The Dangers of Polypharmacy and the Case for Deprescribing in Older Adults.” National Institute on Aging, 24 Aug. 2021, https://www.nia.nih.gov/news/dang ers-polypharmacy-and-case- deprescribing-older-adults. Varghese, Dona, et al. “Polypharmacy.” StatPearls, StatPearls Publishing, 2024. PubMed, http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/ NBK532953/. Halli-Tierney, Anne D., et al. “Polypharmacy: Evaluating Risks and Deprescribing.” American Family Physician, vol. 100, no. 1, July 2019, pp. 32–38. https://www.aafp.org/pubs/afp/issue s/2019/0701/p32.html. Kwak, Min Ji, Mihyun Chang, Simbo Chiadika, David Aguilar, Elenir Avritscher, Ashish Deshmukh, Parag Goyal, Dae Hyun Kim, Rajender Aparasu, and Holly M. Holmes. “Healthcare Expenditure Associated With Polypharmacy in Older Adults With Cardiovascular Diseases.” The American Journal of Cardiology 169 (April 2022): 156–58. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.amjcard.20 22.01.012. Almodóvar, Armando Silva, and Milap C. Nahata. “Associations Between Chronic Disease, Polypharmacy, and Medication- Related Problems Among Medicare Beneficiaries.” Journal of Managed Care & Specialty Pharmacy, vol. 25, no. 5, May 2019, pp. 573–77. doi.org, https://doi.org/10.18553/jmcp.2019. 25.5.573. Florida Epidemiological Profile: Substance Abuse and Mental Health Issues. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, November 2016. https://acl.gov/sites/default/files/pro grams/2016- 11/Florida%20Epi%20Profile%20F inal.pdf. Castelli, Gregory, Jennifer L. Bacci, Sarah Krahe Dombrowski, Maria Osborne, Aaron