existing multi-agency practice guidelines on FGM1, updated to reflect the provisions in the Bill, on a 1 Available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/380125/MultiAg encyPracticeGuidelinesNov14.pdf statutory footing. That guidance provides information on identifying when a girl or young women may be at risk of FGM and responding appropriately to protect them, identifying when a girl or young women has been subjected to FGM and responding appropriately to support them, and measures that can be implemented to prevent the practice of FGM. The revised guidance would detail the changes to the FGM Act and, in particular, provide information on applying for FGM protection orders and complying with the statutory duty to report known cases of FGM against girls and young women under 18. Placing the existing guidance on a statutory footing will help promote awareness amongst public authorities of the strategies and powers available to them to tackle FGM. Any guidance issued under the new clause will not be subject to any parliamentary scrutiny, on the grounds that it will provide practical advice on the application of the legislative provisions and will be worked up in consultation with all interested stakeholders and practitioners. The guidance will not conflict with, or alter the scope of, the criminal offences or civil powers in the FGM Act, as amended. Moreover, whilst a person exercising public functions will be required to have regard to the guidance when exercising those functions, the guidance will not be binding to the extent that this requirement falls short of a duty to follow the guidance. The approach taken in the new clause is consistent with other legislative provisions providing for statutory guidance, in particular section 63Q of the Family Law Act 1996 in relation to forced marriage. Home Office 12 February 2015 24/03/2025 Detention and custody - Guidance overview https://www.college.police.uk/guidance/detention-and-custody/detention-and-custody-guidance-overview Page Detention and custody - Guidance overview This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Detention and custody The Detention and Custody Authorised Professional Practice module has been developed through the consolidation of pre-existing guidance*, current legislation and consensus of expert opinion. Where the guidance draws on any empirical evidence it is explicitly referenced in the text. *Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) (2012) Guidance on the Safer Detention and Handling of Persons in Police Custody (second edition). This document was formally decommissioned on 22 October 2012. Tags Detention and custody 24/03/2025 Detention and custody risk assessment https://www.college.police.uk/app/detention-and-custody/detention-and-custody-risk-assessment Page Detention and custody risk assessment This page is from APP, the official source of professional practice for policing. First published 23 October 2013 Updated 9 October 2024 Written by College of Policing Detention and custody 27 mins read When an officer makes an arrest, they are personally responsible for the risk assessment and welfare of the detained person. This responsibility continues until the suspect is handed over to the custody officer for a decision regarding detention. Risk assessment means assessing the risk and potential risk that each detainee presents to themselves, staff, other detainees