will be required. The identity of the data subject must be validated on all occasions before disclosure of information is made to them. This proof of identity may include: Birth/adoption certificate Marriage certificate Driving licence Medical card Passport Pension book/statement Benefits statement Insurance certificate (not schedule) Hire purchase agreement Or, any other official certified document. Utility bill Telephone/Mobile statement Bank statement Credit/debit card statement Council tax bill Rent book Requests identifying photographs or videos will require photographic proof of identityÐ Passport Photo driving licence Identity cards Bus passes/membership cards, etc. (an additional proof of identity will also be required) The level of checks you make may depend on the possible harm and distress that inappropriate disclosure of the information could cause to the individual concerned. 2.2 Consent for Release of Information to Third Parties An individual can ask for information disclosure to be made to a third party acting on their behalf such as a Solicitor. Consent of the data subject is defined as: Any freely given, specific informed and unambiguous indication of the data subjectÕs wishes by which he or she by statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her. In order to facilitate disclosure to a third party, the Data subject will need to provide explicit and specific consent at the time of making their request. This can take the form of: I. A short statement within the request affirming that disclosure is to be made to a third party and details of that party along with the specific description of the information to which the consent relates II. By completing Section 2 of the Form 135 available on our website or section 2 of the online form. Identification of the Data Subject will still need to be provided (if you have reasonable doubt as to their identity). 2.3 Request Details and Sourcing Information The Data Subject should identify the information to which he or she requires access by providing a description of this information within their request at section 2 of the online form or the form 135. Please note that there is no requirement to complete either form, however where we process large volumes of data it is best practice to engage with the data subject to identify the information they require. This can include incident or occurrence numbers or dates and times when the information is likely to have been captured. Recital 63 states: Where the controller processes a large quantity of information concerning the data subject, the controller should be able to request that, before the information is delivered, the data subject specify the information or processing activities to which the request relates. All details provided within the Right of Access Request will be held for the purposes of facilitating disclosure in line with the Data Subjects rights of access. Copies of requests and accompanying documents will be scanned into the associated task and retained for a maximum of 36 months from