for any cabinet etc containing firearms and section 1 ammunition. Care needs to be taken in selecting locations for the storage of keys, particularly any spare sets, to avoid them being discovered and improperly used. Consideration could be given to using a key cabinet or secure storage (safe) to store keys and spare keys. In all cases primary and spare should be stored separately. Siting and fixing of devices 18.43 Any firearm security cabinet etc. should be sited out of view both inside and outside the building. Securing to suitable building walls within built-in furnishings, that is wardrobes, cupboards, or lockers can prove effective. Rooms such as lofts and cellars that are unlikely to be visited by casual visitors are options. However, when recommending such places, it is important to consider whether the environment is suitable. Extremes in temperature, dampness or condensation may cause damage to valuable firearms. Particularly damp conditions may also cause corrosion of the fixings or the cabinet material, thus reducing its security. 18.44 In addition, the ease and convenience of access to such places is important. If this is difficult there may be a tendency for the certificate holder to delay putting their firearms away upon return to the dwelling. Police research has shown that a number of losses have involved owners not immediately securing their weapons and suffering their subsequent theft. 18.45 In advising on the location of any security cabinet, it is worth noting that most steel gun cabinets have a high weight-to-footprint ratio. The average floor loading for a suspended floor on timber joists is 56lbs per square foot. A 9-gun cabinet with a 24" x 12" (608 x 304 mm) footprint can be in the order of 126 lbs per square foot which equates to more than a safe average suspended floor loading. Any fixing to a wall will reduce this loading. Joist ends are a more suitable fixing location than joist runs, though care must be taken to avoid weakening the joists when fixing to them. 164 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 18.46 In a loft installation for a cabinet, care needs to be exercised. Not all lofts have joists calculated to include weight loading other than that of the ceiling below. It is not uncommon for joists in lofts to be 40% smaller in cross sections than joists carrying floors. Full use must therefore be made of the support from structural walls carrying such joists. If there is any doubt, the applicant/certificate holder should obtain professional structural advice. 18.47 Fixings for security devices form an important part of the overall resistance to attack. Fastening to timber studded walls should be avoided, unless some additional anchorage can be provided. Floor or roof joists (subject to the previous comments) are acceptable. Walls of brick, concrete or masonry are usually the best bonding materials. It is important that the fixing chosen is correct for that material (for example expanding bolts, chemical anchors, toggle bolts etc). With modern building materials, particularly breeze and thermal