young people. Where there is evidence of Special Educational Needs and/or an EHC Plan is already in existence, it is expected that this information will be collected and considered within the injunction application. 6.3.3. Confidentiality It is good practice for all partners attending consultation meetings to be made aware that meetings are confidential and that the information discussed ought not to be divulged to any other party, including the respondent. Applicants may wish to seek legal advice with regards to data protection and how to respond to requests for minutes to be disclosed. If applicants plan to invite a representative from a support service that works closely with the respondent and/or their family to the consultation meeting, they might consider inviting them only to the parts of the meeting where matters relevant to their service are discussed. This is particularly important during meetings in which more than one respondent is being discussed. Applicants should also be aware of the importance of preserving the confidentiality of medical records. The local NHS Caldicott Guardian can advise on those instances when patient consent to share information needs to be obtained and how such information can be used. Care should also be taken not to name or identify any victims or independent/community witnesses during wider consultation meetings. Witness safety is paramount and in many circumstances identities may only be divulged at court. When necessary, applicants should consider making an application for a non-disclosure order relating to witnessesÕ identities and addresses. 17 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 7. Evidence gathering 7.1. Obtaining and reviewing evidence Ð general principles Presenting evidence to the court is a matter of careful judgment by applicants and their legal advisers. Applicants should always bear in mind the need for careful consideration and judgment in presenting their cases, not least to avoid hearings being unnecessarily adjourned because cases are not ready or evidence is not available. Applicants should remember that they are obliged to assist the court in actively managing cases in order to further the overriding objective of enabling a court to deal with cases justly (Civil Procedure Rules 1.3).8 Applicants will need to gather evidence in support of their application for a gang injunction. This evidence must demonstrate that: • the respondent has engaged in, encouraged or assisted gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing; and • the gang injunction is necessary to prevent the respondent from engaging in, encouraging or assisting gang-related violence or gang-related drug dealing; and/or • the gang injunction is necessary to protect the respondent from gang-related violence or gang- related drug dealing. Care should be taken to ensure the right level of evidence and/or witnesses are used, in order to avoid unnecessary delays in the process. For example, applicants may focus on a few well- documented examples that provide evidence that the respondent has been involved in gang- related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing in the local area. Where there is proof beyond reasonable doubt that an individual has