(h) a National Crime Agency officer, or (i) a person engaged by the National Crime AgencyÑ (i) to train a National Crime Agency officer to drive for law enforcement purposes, or (ii) to train another person to carry out training of the kind mentioned in sub-paragraph (i). (2D) In subsection (2C)(a) ÒconstableÓ does not include a port constable within the meaning of section 7 of the Marine Navigation Act 2013 or a person appointed to act as a constable under provision made by virtue of section 16 of the Harbours Act 1964. (2E) In the case of a National Crime Agency officer, the reference in subsection (2A)(a) to driving for police purposes is to be read as a reference to driving for law enforcement purposes. (2F) In the case of a person within paragraph (i) of subsection (2C), the reference in subsection (2A)(a) to driving for police purposes is to be read as a reference to driving for the purpose of the training mentioned in that paragraph.Ó (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) after Ò(2)Ó insert Òor (2B)Ó, and (b) after ÒdriverÓ insert Òor constable (as the case may be)Ó. (5) The amendments made by this section have effect only in relation to driving occurring after this section comes into force. 7 Regulations relating to sections 5 and 6 In section 195 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (provisions as to regulations), after subsection (6) insertÑ Ò(7) Regulations prescribing training for the purposes of section 2A(1A)(b) or 3ZA(2A)(b) may make different provision for different persons or areas.Ó Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 13 PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 2 PREVENTION, INVESTIGATION AND PROSECUTION OF CRIME CHAPTER 1 FUNCTIONS RELATING TO SERIOUS VIOLENCE Functions relating to serious violence 8 Duties to collaborate and plan to prevent and reduce serious violence (1) The specified authorities for a local government area must collaborate with each other to prevent and reduce serious violence in the area. (2) The duty imposed on the specified authorities for a local government area by subsection (1) includes a duty to plan together to exercise their functions so as to prevent and reduce serious violence in the area. (3) In particular, the specified authorities for a local government area mustÑ (a) identify the kinds of serious violence that occur in the area, (b) identify the causes of serious violence in the area, so far as it is possible to do so, and (c) prepare and