to be transient as the use of the manual override becomes more widely known. British Standard 822045 gives further advice on security in buildings and while this standard does refer to electronic locking devices, it also acknowledges that the balance must remain on the side of emergency escape rather than security. Appendix C Historic buildings General considerations This appendix offers additional information about listed and historical buildings. Fire risk assessments conducted for a office or shop which is within a listed or historic building will need to endeavour to strike a balance between ensuring sufficient fire safety measures are in place for the safety of people, yet avoid extensive alterations and helping to maintain the character of the building. As well as the fire risk assessment it is recommended that a general fire policy statement and manual is compiled. A person must be nominated to take responsibility for all aspects of fire safety. Usually the person charged with the management and control of the premises will be the Ôresponsible personÕ under the Order.1 The advice and/or consent of a building control body or any other relevant bodies (e.g. English Heritage) should form part of any fire risk assessment that impacts on the character of the building (e.g. replacement of doors, fittings, wooden panelling and decor) or material changes to existing escape routes. An ideal solution is one that is reversible, enabling the historic elements to be reinstated. A fire safety adviser will be able to suggest alternatives to conventional fire precautions, such as: • a fire engineering solution; • upgrading existing doors and partitions in a sympathetic manner to improve their fire resistance; and • considering the installation of specialist fire-detection or suppression systems. Should the design and nature of the historic building preclude the introduction of conventional fire safety features, it will be necessary to manage the building in such a way that: • limits the number of occupants, either staff or members of the public, inside the building; • limits activities in the building; and • provides adequate supervision within the building. Liaison with the fire and rescue service The responsible person will need to ensure effective liaison with the fire and rescue service to enable them to carry out firefighting operations. These may include information on: • the provision of water supplies, seasonal ponds, lakes and underground tanks, and any associated pumps; • difficult access for fire engines; • particular hazards in the construction features of the building (including asbestos); • the use of combustible under floor insulation; • underground vaults ducts and voids where fire may spread unchecked; • worn stone slabs in stairway construction; and • the presence of cast iron columns and wrought iron beams. Emergency planning An important consideration for the owners and trustees is the protection of valuable artefacts and paintings from the effects of fire. However, the efficient evacuation of all occupants must take precedence over procedures for limiting damage to property and contents. Salvage work should be limited to those