to an official against receipt. 24.14 Ammunition and its packaging may also be of interest to museums and collectors. It should therefore be inspected by independent experts from trade and museums in order to establish its heritage significance, interest and value. If it is of heritage significance, interest or value then it should be passed to museums or to the trade so that those entitled to the value can receive it. 24.15 Other firearms related objects handed to the police e.g. loading equipment should also be independently assessed since they may have commercial value as well as being of historic interest. If this is apparent at the time of surrender then they should be handed back and the person surrendering the objects advised to take them to a suitable dealer. This would not apply to component parts which are subject to certification. 24.16 All other firearms and ammunition not retained for police purposes should be recorded and destroyed. The destruction should be witnessed by more than one officer, and the records of destruction should be kept for a minimum of ten years. 189 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 25: Northern Ireland 25.1 Section 60(3) of the 1968 Act provides that the Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland, where the possession of firearms is subject to separate legislation (see the Firearms (Northern Ireland) Order 2004 (No. 702) (N.I.3)). This chapter provides some information about the differences and similarities between firearms controls in Northern Ireland and Great Britain. It also offers more detailed information about the movement of firearms and ammunition from England, Wales and Scotland to Northern Ireland. General 25.2 In Northern Ireland, unlike in England and Wales, all firearms, including shot guns, air guns (except those with a kinetic energy of one joule or less, as stated in Schedule 1, paragraph 9 of the 2004 Order) and deactivated firearms (unless they are deactivated to the 1995 Home Office standard, as updated in 2010 Ð see paragraph 2.15) are subject to firearm certificate control and it is illegal for any person under the age of eighteen to be in possession of a firearm. In certain circumstances sixteen to eighteen year olds are permitted to possess stipulated types of firearms and ammunition for particular purposes. These particular provisions are stated within article 7 of the 2004 Order. 25.3 The provisions of the Northern Ireland Protocol mean that Council Regulation (EU) 258/2012 and Council Directive (2021/555), and all other council directives, continue to apply in Northern Ireland. Firearm Certificates 25.4 The definition of Òfirearm certificateÓ in section 57(4) of the 1968 Act specifically includes a firearm certificate granted in Northern Ireland. A firearm certificate issued in Northern Ireland is thus valid in Great Britain and, if the holder of such a certificate takes up residence in Great Britain, the certificate may be varied or revoked and the conditions subject to which it is held may be varied as if it were a certificate granted in Great Britain. 25.5 Section 15 of