Units. o Custody Ð Custody records recorded on Niche since February 2014 for all arrested persons in Wiltshire, including the disposal of the detention and the custody photograph. The Detention Log element will not be supplied. o Domestic Abuse Ð Crime or Crime Related Incident (CRI) records of all domestic abuse incidents recorded on Niche since May 2013, including linked suspects or offenders together with linked locations and object records. We will not provide the Investigation Log as it contains free text making research difficult and increases the risk of sensitive policing tactics being disclosed. o Child Abuse - Crime or Crime Related Incident (CRI) records of all Child Abuse referrals recorded on Niche since May 2013, including linked suspects or offenders together with linked locations and object records. We will not provide the Investigation Log as it contains free text making research difficult and increases the risk of sensitive policing tactics being disclosed. o Victim Records - Only victim information associated to any Schedule 3 or 5 offences under the Sexual Offences Act 2003 as held on Niche and linked to Crimes or CRIÕs will be supplied. o Witness Records - No witness information will be uploaded to the PND. o Legacy Records Ð At this point in time legacy records are not able to be uploaded to PND. With the introduction of NLEDS at the end of 2020 it will be possible to upload legacy records. Wiltshire Police will aim to supply this data on a daily basis to the PND, through the agreed automatic upload service, together with any updates or alterations to previously submitted information. When records are deleted on Niche a message will be sent to the PND for the copy held there to be removed. Administration Licence Allocation Wiltshire Police has been allocated a limited number of licences based on its relative size when compared to other forces. Licences are therefore allocated to the unit and if a PND user transfers to another unit which does not have direct access, their PND licence will be withdrawn for use by their replacement or another unit nominee. Units that no longer require or can no longer justify holding a licence(s) shall return them for reallocation. The usage of PND will be monitored to ensure licence holders are making best use of their licence. Those users not using their licence for extended periods or whose use is unjustifiably low may have their licence withdrawn. PND Users The PND is an Identity Access Management (IAM) protected application; therefore all PND users are required to have an IAM identity together with an IAM ÔsmartÕ system access card for Confidential. All users must meet the following standards: • The user has a confirmed business need • The user is adequately identified and vetted to NPCC standards • The user has been registered within the Home Office IAM Managed Service • The user has been trained to the required level (see section 6 below) • The userÕs PND workstation is located