or not to share information advice can be sought from PSD and HR. Wiltshire Police is committed to confidentiality in principle, though confidentiality would not be maintained if it could put the public at risk. Table of Contents 5. Aims and Objectives The aims of this policy are to: - • Contribute to a healthy and safe working environment. • Maintain the integrity of Wiltshire Police and those working/serving within it. The objectives of this procedure in support of the above are to: - • Increase awareness of the effects of alcohol and drugs and of the likely symptoms of misuse. • Minimise the chances of people who misuse drugs entering Wiltshire Police. • Deter individuals from substance misuse through the application of this policy that makes detection a real prospect. • Inform individuals of their responsibilities regarding substance misuse problems. • Encourage individuals who have a substance misuse problem to seek help at an early stage, prior to any request for a sample. • Provide guidance as to the sources of support available to individuals with a substance misuse or alcohol misuse problem and where possible, assist those individuals to return to full health. • Provide for fair and consistent treatment of individuals who volunteer as having a substance misuse or alcohol misuse problem. • Provide appropriate, effective and legitimate processes for testing of individuals for substance or alcohol misuse. • Protect individuals who may be vulnerable to malicious allegations of substance misuse or alcohol misuse and minimise the potential for corruption of any member of the Force due to their vulnerability caused by their substance or alcohol misuse. 6. Provisions of Support It is recognised that substance or alcohol misuse problems may develop for a variety of reasons and over a lengthy period of time. They can have a significant impact upon an individualÕs life and their ability to carry out work safely and effectively. Problems can, however, be successfully overcome and it is recommended that they are treated in a similar way to other ill health problems. Early identification and treatment is also important. Individuals suffering from substance or alcohol misuse problems are encouraged to seek help and treatment in overcoming them. Wiltshire Police is committed to providing advice and guidance on overcoming these problems. A referral can be made to OHU who will be able to advise regarding fitness for work issues. Individuals should be strongly encouraged to seek advice/support from their GP. OHU will be able to request medical reports from the GPs in order to maintain a partnership approach. The aim of any support will be to help move an individual with substance or alcohol misuse problems towards a full recovery with a view to facilitating a return to work to undertake the full range of duties commensurate with their role. Appropriate time off work to attend treatment for substance misuse or alcohol misuse problems, as recommended by an individualÕs General Practitioner or the OHU, shall be accommodated where possible. Table of Contents Any