the community in the immediate aftermath of a homicide or major criminal incident. The FLO should inform families of the service and a notification form should be completed as soon as practicable. If they consent to share information, they should be referred into the service. In the event that the families do not wish to be referred onto the homicide service, they should be given information that they can self-refer by calling 0300 303 1984 or completing an online form at Victim Support. If the homicide occurred abroad, bereaved families can call 020 7008 5000, selecting the option ÔConsular services for British nationalsÕ to seek support. The FCDO can submit a referral, as well as families self-referring to the homicide service directly. National emergencies trust The national emergencies trust is an independent charity that collaborates with charities and other bodies to raise money for people affected by national emergencies in the UK. The trust initiates nationwide fundraising appeals to raise funds for survivors and their families. The funds raised are distributed as financial gifts to those impacted. A national emergency is defined as a major incident (such as a terror attack, major fire, pandemic or natural disaster) that is of national significance, even if the need is local. The national emergencies trust currently responds to disasters in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Donations support survivors in four ways. 1. Physical rehabilitation 2. Mental health support 3. Bereavement support 4. Financial assistance See National Emergencies Trust for further information. Additional resources Other organisations that can assist are as follows. Assist Trauma Care Good Grief Trust Support after Murder and Manslaughter (SAMM) Disaster Action INTERPOL Embassy support HM coroner or procurator fiscal support services Samaritans Cruse Bereavement Care Victim Support (in cases of criminal investigation) British Red Cross Embrace Brake LBT Global Post-mortem procedures Identification criteria The criteria used to identify the deceased are set by HM coroner or procurator fiscal or in consultation with the SIM. The lead pathologist is also consulted. The agreed criteria determine which primary identifiers should be used, which, in turn, define the antemortem data collection strategy. Secondary and supporting identifiers are usually used to support primary identifiers. Normally, one primary identifier is sufficient for identification. However, following the best evidence rule, this can be accompanied by secondary and supporting information to ensure accurate identification. Visual identification is not in itself a reliable, accurate form of identification. Primary identifiers These include: odontology (forensic dental examination) ridgeology (includes fingerprints, palm prints and planter/foot print) DNA For further information, see identification evidence. Secondary identifiers These include: unique medical identifier Ð serial number of an implant marks scars tattoos medical records medical images, such as x-ray, CT scan unique identifiable jewellery personal effects distinctive or unique clothing physical disease, amputations etc Assistance only These include: jewellery clothing location description visual appearance of the deceased Mortuary management team Local authorities are responsible for providing mortuary facilities and arranging a licence for emergency mortuaries with the Human Tissue Authority (HTA). The