definition of ÒpublicationÓ in sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) an indictment or other document prepared for use in particular legal proceedings is not to be taken as coming within the definition; (b) every relevant programme is to be taken as addressed to the public at large or to a section of the public. (3) For the purposes of the [F88definition of Ònon-UK service providerÓ] in sub- paragraph (1)Ñ (a) a service provider is established [F89in a particular EEA state] if the service providerÑ (i) effectively pursues an economic activity using a fixed establishment in [F90that EEA state] for an indefinite period, and (i) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Schedule to be inserted as Schedule 4B to the Police Act 1996 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 219 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (ii) is a national of an EEA state or a company or firm mentioned in Article 54 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; (b) the presence or use in a particular place of equipment or other technical means of providing an information society service does not, of itself, constitute the establishment of a service provider; (c) where it cannot be determined from which of a number of establishments a given information society service is provided, that service is to be regarded as provided from the establishment at the centre of the service providerÕs activities relating to that service. SCHEDULE 7 Section 132 SCHEDULE TO BE INSERTED AS SCHEDULE 4B TO THE POLICE ACT 1996 ÒSCHEDULE 4B Section 64A THE POLICE REMUNERATION REVIEW BODY Interpretation 1 In this Schedule Òreview bodyÓ means the Police Remuneration Review Body. Members of the review body 2 The Secretary of State shall determine how many members the review body should have and what kinds of experience the members should possess. 1 220 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Schedule to be inserted as Schedule 4B to the Police Act 1996 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 3 Members shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of their appointment. 4 Members shall adhere to any statement of