taken to hospital immediately. Detailed guidance on National Police Chiefs’ Council (NPCC) approved first-aid procedures and practices in response to a wide range of medical conditions can be found in the ACPO Police First Aid Learning Programme (available on College Learn to registered users only). The NPIA (2011) Template Protocol for the Management of Detainees who Require Hospital Treatment provides forces with a template for drawing up agreements with local healthcare providers. Symptoms or behaviours If a detainee exhibits any of the following symptoms or behaviours, the officer responsible for the care of the detainee should consider immediate transfer of the detainee to hospital. As a minimum the detainee should be examined by an HCP. These include: unconsciousness or lack of full consciousness (for example, problems keeping their eyes open) any confusion (not knowing where they are, getting things muddled up) any apparent drowsiness or sleepiness which goes on for more than one hour when the detainee would normally be wide awake difficulty waking any problems understanding or speaking any loss of balance or problems walking any weakness in one or more arms or legs any problems with vision very painful headache that does not go away any vomiting (unexplained) any fits (collapsing or losing consciousness suddenly) clear fluid coming out of their ear or nose bleeding from one or both ears new deafness in one or both ears abnormal breathing chest pain Risk of suicide and self-harm Custody officers need to be aware of the enhanced risk of suicide and self-harm during periods of detention. Detainees who are deemed to be a high risk of suicide or self-harm must be seen by an HCP and kept under close proximity supervision. This allows officers and staff to engage with the detainee and intervene if required. In all cases, the HCP should provide a care plan that will specifically identify their assessment of the risk and any mitigating measures in all cases of suicidal ideation and self-harm. If the person has disclosed to them issues of self-harm or suicide, these will be mentioned in the care plan. This care plan should also give the custody officer adequate information on which to base an exit risk assessment from custody and should be included in any PER documentation. Factors which may indicate an increased risk include: mental ill health including depression, personality disorder, anorexia and schizophrenia it is the first time the person has been arrested and detained drug, alcohol or substance abuse or withdrawal breakdown of social support and isolation (military service veterans, students, prisoners, homeless people, immigrants, older people and refugees are at particular risk) being unemployed previous episodes of deliberate self-harm, especially if occurring in a custodial environment people in certain professions who have easy access to a means of suicide, for example poisons, drugs or guns, have higher rates of suicide than the general population chronic disabling pain or illness family history of suicide and/or mental ill health recent loss such as bereavement, divorce, separation, redundancy adverse childhood experiences