developing guidance to users to minimise the risk of injury. 2. DOMILL has issued five previous statements relating to the medical implications of the Taser M26 and Taser X26 less-lethal systems.4 The Taser X26 conducted energy device was introduced into UK policing in 2005 as a replacement for the Taser M26. Recent data from the Home Office Centre for Applied Science and Technology (CAST) indicate that the Taser X26 is the device primarily in use by the UK police.5 3. In 2007, the Northern Ireland Policing Minister formally tasked DOMILL with conducting an assessment of the medical implications of use of the Taser system on children and vulnerable adults. The present medical statement constitutes DOMILL?s response to this tasking. Executive summary 4. DOMILL has considered the medical implications of use of the Taser X26 and M26 systems on children (defined as persons less than 18-years-old) and vulnerable adults (namely, people with conditions or illnesses that may make them more susceptible to the Taser than otherwise healthy persons). 1 The first version of this medical statement was endorsed by DOMILL on 4th April 2011. This second DOMILL- endorsed version updates the original and contains a small number of clarifications. 2 On 16 July 2009, DOMILL was replaced by the cross-government Scientific Advisory Committee on the Medical Implications of Less-Lethal Weapons (SACMILL). However, for administrative reasons, SACMILL is not a functional committee at the time of drafting of this medical statement. DOMILL has therefore agreed to continue providing medical advice to government until SACMILL becomes operational. 3 The term ÔsystemÕ applies not just to the weapon, but also to how the weapon is used operationally, how users are trained, how the weapon is maintained, and other aspects that have the potential to influence overall weapon safety. 4 These statements may be found in Appendix B of the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) Policy and Operational Use of Taser by Authorised Firearms Officers December 2008 (http://www.westmercia.police.uk/about- us/acpo-armed-policing.html; retrieved October 2010). 5 CAST was formerly known as the Home Office Scientific Development Branch (HOSDB). 1 5. DOMILL?s principal findings, based on the evidence presented in the main body of this statement, are as follows: (a) A recent human study has shown that Taser discharge, applied through a barb that has penetrated the frontal chest in a region overlying the heart, is capable of inducing an inappropriately high heart rate by a mechanism known as cardiac capture. Although the device used in the study was neither the Taser X26 nor M26, DOMILL is concerned that a comparable effect could be elicited by these latter devices. While a short period of rapid cardiac capture in young and healthy individuals may not have major clinical implications, serious complications could arise in those with impaired heart function caused by an underlying heart condition or through the action of certain licit or illicit drugs. Cardiac capture from chest-penetrating barbs may be more likely to arise in children and thin adults as the heart will generally be closer to