demand police reform, including changes regarding officer use of force. These demands have emerged during a time when the applica- tion of evidence-based policy and practice by law enforcement is increasingly expected yet infrequently followed. Indeed, most “best practices” for police reform are not based on a strong body of empirical evidence (see Lum et al. 2016). In an effort to better inform the discussion regarding “what works” to reduce the frequency and severity of potentially violent police-citizen encounters, this article considers the evidence regarding the effectiveness of routinely recom- mended police reforms, including (1) deployment of BWCs; (2) changes to use- of-force policies and training that emphasize de-escalation; (3) implicit bias training for officers; (4) early intervention (warning) systems; and (5) citizen oversight (review) boards. Although each of these interventions has been recom- mended by the President’s Task Force or other policing experts, careful consid- eration of the evidence available demonstrates a patchwork of studies that collectively provide little confidence that these reforms will directly impact police shootings. guided by the available research on police use of force and evidence-based practices and informed by the experience of one of the authors (Engel) in implementing reforms within the uCPD, this article highlights prom- ising strategies, along with the remaining gaps in knowledge and opportunities to build the evidence base for effective use-of-force reform. We recognize that in the absence of evidence, police executives must still move forward with recommended best practices. However, we further contend that it is an ethical duty of police officials to combine the implementation of innovative approaches with continuous review and testing to identify ineffective practices and unintended consequences. We articulate the urgent need for researchers to work collaboratively with police executives to generate and dis- seminate knowledge regarding these and other police reform efforts, generating a rapid research response (also see Engel, McManus, and Herold, forthcoming). Lacking this research, it cannot be stated with confidence that the proposed use- of-force reforms can prevent future fatal police-citizen encounters. As such, it is of the utmost importance that our academic and practitioner colleagues, along with local, state, and federal agencies and organizations and the philanthropic community, prioritize research designed to advance rigorous scientific testing of police reform efforts at the local level, including the reduction of fatal police shootings. The safety of our nation’s police officers, and members of the public they serve, hinges on this collective work. MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 149 Police use of Force More than four decades ago, policing scholar Egon Bittner (1974) argued that police are defined by their ability—and duty—to use force. It is the public’s expectation that police use force when necessary that separates policing from all other occupations. It is this ability to use force that shapes all other aspects of police practice. given this distinction, it is surprising that we still know relatively little about how, when, and under what circumstances police officers use force (Engel and Serpas 2017; garner et al. 2018). As of this writing, the