whether suitable ranges are available. Variations in the terms of the criteria for approval It is possible that, exceptionally, the Home Secretary or the Scottish Government may allow some variation of the criteria, or the conditions of approval. He/she must be satisfied that it would be reasonable to do so in the exceptional circumstances which come to his notice. Extending or renewing club approval Please see the section How to apply for approval. Cadet corps and school clubs The Secretary of State or Scottish Government approves cadet corps for the possession of firearms and ammunition under section 54(5)(b) of the Firearms Act 1968 (as amended by section 28 of the Armed Forces Act 1996). The information contained in this leaflet does not apply to cadet corps, nor does it apply to school rifle clubs. For further information contact the Home Office or the Scottish Government at the addresses given earlier. Miniature rifle ranges and shooting galleries A person operating a miniature rifle range or shooting gallery at which either miniature rifles not exceeding .23Ó calibre or air weapons are used may possess, purchase or acquire such miniature rifles and their ammunition without holding a firearm certificate. This will not be the case when the provisions of the Firearms Act 2023 are commenced and make it a requirement for the operator of a miniature rifle range to have a firearm certificate and limits the rifles for use on a MRR to .22 rimfire rifles. Anyone may use these rifles and ammunition at a range or gallery of this type without a firearm certificate. No club approval is necessary. Further advice If you would like further advice on any of the information in this leaflet, please contact the Home Office, the Scottish Government, your local police firearms licensing department or the organisations listed below. Addresses of national shooting organisations The British Shooting Sports Council PO Box 79 Halesworth IP19 1BB The National Rifle Association Bisley Camp Brookwood Woking, Surrey GU24 0PB The National Smallbore Rifle Association Lord Roberts Centre Bisley Camp Brookwood Woking Surrey GU24 0NP Annex A: The role and responsibilities of club liaison officers The person The club liaison officer: . must be a person of good standing and normally a firearms certificate holder; some flexibility can, however, be built into the role, for example to allow for cover during sick absences or extended holiday periods or to allow the appointment of a long-standing member of the club who wishes to remain involved in its running but who no longer wants to keep their own firearm . must be familiar with the matters that the local police firearms department requires from the club in line with Home Office Guidance; this will include the matters listed in Note 1 below, although other information may be required, as necessary . must operate with the authority of the club committee and should normally be a member of that committee; however, the club should have the capacity to appoint an interim liaison officer should