incidents in custody can impact on local community tensions, violence happening within the community can also have an impact inside the secure estate. The possible consequences of an injunction on individuals connected to the respondent who are in custody should be considered when making an application. This may include consideration of whether restrictions placed on the gang activity of the respondent may prevent or lead to gang-related violence occurring within the secure estate. Where this is relevant, the applicant should inform the appropriate prison-police liaison intelligence officer or the prison security team. In the event of an under 18 respondent being affected, the YOT should inform the YJB placements team. Proper consideration should be given by the parties involved in the gang injunction about the need for an application for the variation or discharge of the gang injunction when a young person will be in custody. 14 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 6. Consultation Gang injunctions should be based upon and supported by multi-agency partnership working. 6.1. Consultation requirement for Ôwith noticeÕ applications For Ôwith noticeÕ applications, the 2009 Act includes a Ôconsultation requirementÕ. This requires the applicant to consult any local authority, chief police officer, and other body or individual that that the applicant thinks appropriate prior to an application being made. Where the respondent is aged 14 to 17, this must include the Youth Offending Team (YOT) in whose area the respondent resides. If the respondent is already under YOT supervision in another area, then the local YOT might wish to refer the matter to the YOT with responsibility for the existing supervision. If it appears that the respondent resides in more than one YOT area (for example if the respondent splits their time between different family members) then the applicant may decide which YOT it would be appropriate to consult. It is good practice for applicants to consult with all local authorities and police forces that have responsibility over the areas in which the respondent resides and which are likely to be covered by the terms of the injunction. Where under 18s are concerned, there is a statutory requirement to consult with YOTs. Gang injunctions are unlikely to be enforceable without the support of these partners. The applicant may be asked by the court to provide proof that they have consulted appropriate police forces, local authorities and YOTs, and should prepare a statement to be signed by these partners. Applicants should also ensure that they consult the CPS team that have responsibility over the areas in which the respondent resides and which are likely to covered by the terms of the injunction. This is so applicants can discuss any potential parallel criminal proceedings, ensure the impact of one set of proceedings is considered in relation to the other, and so that the CPS may advise on any disclosure issues in relation to both proceedings and on the consequences of adducing evidence. Applicants are also required to consult any other body or