training, early intervention sys- tems, and civilian oversight. These highly endorsed interventions, however, are not supported by a strong body of empirical evidence that demonstrates their effectiveness. guided by the available research on evidence-based policing and informed by the firsthand experience of one of the authors in implementing departmental reforms that followed the fatal shooting of a civilian by an officer, this article highlights promis- ing reform strategies and opportunities to build the evidence base for effective use-of-force reforms. We call upon police executives to engage in evidence-based policing by scientifically testing interventions, and we call on academics to engage in rapid research responses for critical issues in policing. Keywords: evidence-based policing; police shootings; use of force; police reform n July 19, 2015, Samuel DuBose was stopped by university of Cincinnati Police Division (uCPD) Officer Raymond Tensing approximately 0.5 mile south of the university of Cincinnati (uC) campus for a minor equip- ment violation (missing front license plate, a traffic violation in the State of Ohio). After a brief exchange, DuBose, an unarmed 43-year- old black male, was shot and killed by Officer Robin S. Engel is director of the IACP/UC Center for Police Research and Policy and a professor of criminal justice at the University of Cincinnati. She recently served as vice president for safety and reform at the University of Cincinnati. Her work includes establish- ing academic-practitioner partnerships and promoting evidence-based practices in policing, with empirical assessments of police behavior and evaluations of crime reduction strategies. Correspondence: robin.engel@uc.edu DOI: 10.1177/0002716219889328 146 ANNALS, AAPSS, 687, January 2020 MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 147 Tensing, a 25-year-old white male. The incident was captured on Tensing’s depart- ment-issued body-worn camera (BWC), but still the circumstances surrounding the shooting were widely debated within the Cincinnati community, sparking protests, independent investigations, civil litigation, and criminal trials. An inde- pendent consulting firm commissioned by the university to perform an external review of the incident found that the shooting was “entirely preventable” and concluded it was the officer’s “critical errors in judgment that created an elevated risk of a serious or fatal bodily injury” (Kroll 2015, 46). Ten days after the incident, Tensing was indicted by the Hamilton County Prosecutor’s Office for murder. His first criminal trial concluded in November 2015, resulting in a hung jury, while a second trial in June 2017 garnered the same outcome. Concerns regarding racial bias overshadowed the criminal proceedings and flowed into the public discourse. In July 2017, the county prosecutor announced a third trial would not be con- ducted, and the charges against the defendant were dropped.1 This tragic incident and its aftermath sent shockwaves through the Cincinnati community, a city with a troubled history of racial tension and damaged police- community relations (Eck and Rothman 2006); however, it is far from a unique story in American policing. The fatal DuBose-Tensing encounter in summer 2015 occurred amid a spate of other police-involved deaths of unarmed black males.2 Described by Sherman (2018) as the “Second great Awakening,” the reaction to