or not intending to have specific AI cyber security practices or processes, there were a few key reasons as to why they had not adopted specific practices. 14% had not considered it or did not know enough about it, and 14% said they do not use AI for anything sensitive. The survey also asked participants whether there were specific cyber security requirements or features that they expect to be built into AI companiesÕ models and systems. 39% of respondents stated no and a significant minority (33%) were unsure. When asked more generally about cyber security practices, 90% of all businesses had at least one governance or risk management arrangement in place. Just under three-quarters (72%) had a formal policy or policies in place covering cyber security risks, and around two-thirds had either a Business Continuity Plan that covers cyber security (67%), or a written list of the most critical data, systems or assets that their organisation wants to protect (64%). Over the last 12 months, just over three-quarters (78%) of businesses had taken at least one measure in an effort to identify cyber security risk. The most common measures taken by organisations were to conduct a risk assessment covering cyber security risk (59%), or to invest in specific tools designed for security monitoring, such as Intrusion Detection Systems (55%). 2. Introduction Background The Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (DSIT) commissioned IFF Research to conduct a survey to understand how Artificial Intelligence (AI) is used by businesses in key sectors and how businesses implement cyber security practices and processes around the AI technology they deploy. Artificial intelligence is the broader field encompassing knowledge-based systems, data-driven and machine learning-enabled systems, including classic machine learning (supervised learning, unsupervised learning), deep learning, and reinforcement learning, referring to the development of systems that can perform tasks requiring human intelligence. The use of AI is growing. In April 2023, an estimated 16% of all UK businesses had adopted at least one AI technology[footnote 1] and with the growth of more accessible and powerful generative AI models, this number is likely to increase significantly. The growing use of AI among businesses presents huge opportunities; however, without appropriate safeguards there are also significant risks. This is particularly the case with cyber security which is an essential precondition for the safety of AI systems. It was in this context that DSIT commissioned IFF Research to carry out primary research among UK businesses. Research objectives The core objectives of the research were to understand: What types of technology are being used, and for what purpose; BusinessesÕ cyber security practices Ð in general terms, and specific to AI; BusinessesÕ future plans in relation to AI and cyber security; and How these activities and attitudes vary across businesses in different sectors and of different sizes. A glossary which includes definitions of the different types of AI can be found in the Appendix at the end of this report. Survey fieldwork This report is based on data from a quantitative telephone survey