securely and disposed of when no longer required. Information on PND is for intelligence purposes only and not to be used as evidence. This policy will ensure that our use of the PND and its information assets will be in compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Code of Practice on the Management of Police Information. The use of the PND will improve the ability of Wiltshire Police to prevent and detect crime as well as protecting the public through access to otherwise unknown information about offenders and their offending. PND Business Rules PND accreditation The PND is accredited both as a Police Secured (referred to previously as IL4 Confidential) System and a Police Protected (referred to previously as IL3 Restricted) System Wiltshire Police will conform to the standards set out in the Home Office Code of Connection. This includes the provision of a CONFIDENTIAL network within Wiltshire Police to allow access from nominated sites throughout the Wiltshire Police estate as required and the use of secure workstations at those locations. PND Security PND has 2 access levels these are the Police Secured (referred to previously as IL4 Confidential) system and Police Protected (referred to previously as IL3 Restricted) system. Police Secured (IL4 Confidential) System Access is limited to explicitly authorised and appropriately security cleared Police officers and staff via dedicated IL4 computers machine using an IAM smart card for authentication. Police Secured computers must always be located in approved secure environments within access controlled Police premises. Police Protected (IL3 Restricted) System Access is limited to explicitly authorised and appropriately security cleared Police officers and staff using force issued computers (Laptops) through the approved Internet browser authenticated by username and password. When accessing the Restricted System within shared use / collaborative working environments, users must be vigilant and aware of unauthorised bystander access (accidental or deliberate) to information and, at all times prevent overlooking of screens and other media / product for example physical documents. Wherever possible, privacy filters must be fitted to computer screens and all documents must be locked away when not in use. Accessing the PND The information held on the PND must only be used in line with the Data Protection Act 2018 and Management of Police Information (MoPI) Code of Practice. In general the PND should only be used for: > law enforcement purposes • prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences, • the execution of criminal penalties, • safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security > the administration of justice, > the safeguarding of children or of individuals at risk, Priority for access and use of the PND will be given to the following strategic priority areas as laid out in the PND Code of Practice: • Protecting children and vulnerable people, by being better able to understand the risk they are facing, and by more thorough vetting of people in positions of responsibility and trust. • Understanding the threat posed by terrorism and helping to reduce the