Liaising with investigating officers Further guidance and a list of Hate Crime Advisors by area can be found at: https://wiltspolice.sharepoint.com/sites/PPD-CS/SitePages/Hate-Crime-advisors.aspx. RADICALISATION 12.1 The Counter Terrorism and Security Act 2015 places a general duty on specified authorities to have due regard to the need to prevent people from being drawn into terrorism. The purpose of Prevent is at its heart to safeguard and support vulnerable people to stop them from becoming terrorists or supporting terrorism. 12.2 Factors that may have a bearing on someone becoming vulnerable to radicalisation may include: peer pressure, influence from other people or via the internet, bullying, crime against them or their involvement in crime, anti-social behaviour, family tensions, race/hate crime, lack of self-esteem or identity and personal or political grievances. 12.3 If officers/staff believe or suspect that a person involved in a hate incident or hate crime has or may develop links to terrorism and radicalisation they should report this directly to the Duty Inspector without delay. Duty Inspector will consider the level of risk and appropriate response (on a case by case basis). An appropriate intelligence submission should be made and the duty officer from CTPSW can be informed. [See also Prevent Policy documents 1, 2 and 3]. GLOSSARY OF TERMS Term Meaning ASBRAC Anti-Social behaviour Risk Assessment Conference CCC Crime and Communications Centre CID Criminal Investigations Department CPT Community Policing Team CSI Crime Scene Investigator DMM Daily Management Meeting SIO Senior Investigating Officer SOLO Sexual Offences Liaison Officer VPS Victim Personal Statement VRA Vulnerability Risk Assessment APPENDIX 1 Hate Crime Aide Memoire Initial Action: * Provide Immediate reassurance and * Gather all information required to complete a Niche Report. * Obtain VPS * Task Horizon via niche A Hate Incident is defined as: Ô Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personÕs race or perceived race, religion or perceived religion, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, personÕs disability or perceived disability, or a person who is transgender or perceived to be transgenderÕ College of Policing APP. CONSIDER: * Language/cultural barriers * CCTV * Forensic opportunities * H2H * Seize evidence * ID witnesses * ID suspect * Medical consent * Assess wider community impact * Restorative Justice A Hate Crime is defined as: ÔAny criminal offence which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by hostility or prejudice towards someone based on a personal characteristic.Õ There are five centrally monitored strands of hate crime: race or ethnicity, religion or beliefs, sexual orientation, disability, transgender identity. (Home office guidance 2015) Hate Incidents, include incidents against: * Race * Faith * Disability- both physical and mental * Sexual orientation including: o Heterophophic (Heterophophic) o Bi-phobic (Bisexual) o Homophobic (Gay/Lesbian) * Transphobic (Transgender, Transsexual Transvestite) * Sectarian Ð prejudice towards a victim of a different sect or denomination of the same religion as the offender * APPENDIX 2 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION POLICE OBLIGATIONS Ð VICTIM CODES