arrests or convictions; • items seized during searches, such as clothing which identifies a respondent with a particular gang, evidence of communication with other gang members, evidence of drug dealing etc.9 Although the court will decide in each case what evidence is relevant or admissible, it is advisable that applicants carefully consider what evidence they seek to introduce. Seeking to cast doubt on the respondentÕs character through using unrelated evidence may not be well received by the court. For example, it is unlikely that evidence showing that the respondent has engaged in criminality that is not gang-related would be admissible. Evidence that the respondent has previously engaged in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing is much more likely to be ruled relevant and admissible. First-hand evidence (i.e. evidence from a witness describing what they have seen or encountered) is preferable. The most effective evidence is that which comes directly from those living in communities affected by gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing and who can identify the respondent as being a member of the gang and being involved in gang-related violence and/or gang-related drug dealing. 9 See Parts 32 and 33 of the Civil Procedure Rules on evidence. 19 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 7.5. Hearsay evidence In the context of gang-related violence and gang-related drug dealing, the potential for intimidation is high and victims and witnesses may be too afraid to provide statements for fear of reprisal. The admissibility of professional witness and hearsay evidence is intended to help overcome this problem. Hearsay evidence is that which is gathered by one person from another. This enables a statement to be made on behalf of a witness who does not wish to give first-hand evidence themselves. This can also allow the identities of those too fearful to give evidence to be protected. Such hearsay evidence could be provided by a police officer, healthcare official or any other professional who has interviewed the witness directly. Whilst hearsay evidence cannot be excluded (at the request of the respondent) on the grounds that it is hearsay, applicants should remember that the weight given to hearsay evidence at court will tend to be less than that given to first-hand evidence (i.e. evidence provided directly by the person who witnessed the incident described). Similarly, more detailed hearsay statements may be given greater weight than those that are less detailed. Therefore, if a witness gives hearsay evidence without detailing the person who provided this information, this is likely to carry less weight than first-hand evidence from that person. Ultimately it remains a matter for the court to decide what weight, if any, to attach to a particular hearsay statement. Applicants should note that the rules determining the admissibility of hearsay evidence in criminal and civil proceedings are not the same. Where applicants intend to rely on hearsay evidence in the County Court, they must act in accordance with Part 33 of the Civil Procedure Rules. Hearsay evidence at hearings other