CRR area. Indeed, Category 1 responders should consider whether there are any specific risks which should be communicated to any LRFs in any other local areas.14 4.11. While the Act imposes a duty on each Category 1 responder to assess risk, it is recognised that requiring each Category 1 responder to perform this duty in isolation would lead to a wasteful duplication of resources. It is more efficient for individual Category 1 responders to fulfil their risk assessment duties by participating in a collaborative exercise that results in a single, collective risk assessment. This ensures that each local risk is assessed once only and allows the workload to be shared between Category 1 responders. It also helps to streamline the relationship between Category 1 responders and the government departments and agencies that are able to support the risk assessments. 4.12. In light of this, the Regulations enable the risk assessment duty to be exercised in diff15erent ways. The Act provides that Category 1 responders may fulfil the duty to assess risk jointly. For example, a number of Category 1 responders in the form of a subgroup of the LRF might collectively assess the risk of a particular emergency occurring. Alternatively, the Act enables one Category 1 responder to be identified with lead responsibility.16 This is the mechanism that may be used by LRF members to share the risk assessment activity between them, with each member taking lead responsibility for a number of the risks. However, as outlined below, it will be for each Category 1 responder to assess whether a given risk poses a challenge for that particular responder. 14 regulation 18 15 regulation 8 16 regulations 9-11 4.13. In addition, a Category 1 responder may engage a third party (e.g. an external consultant) to provide it with advice that relates to the risk of a particular emergency occurring. The Category 1 responder may then rely on this advice in making its own risk assessment. However, Category 1 responders should remember the benefits of conducting this process themselves: increased stakeholder engagement, a deeper understanding of the risk assessment, and enhanced credibility when communicating and explaining the assessment. Publication of risk assessments 4.14. The Act requires each Category 1 responder to arrange to publish all or part of its risk assessments.17 It can do this (by agreement with its LRF partners) by publishing all or part of the CRR. It may also fulfil the duty by publishing all or part of a plan, where the part published includes a summary of the risk assessment on which the plan is based. When deciding what may be published, the security classification of information and any restrictions on the disclosure of sensitive information should be taken into consideration (see paragraph 4.57) How the Act and the Regulations Apply in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland 4.15. The extent of the risk assessment duty under the Act and the application of this guidance differ between the devolved administrations. Scotland 4.16. Category 1 responders in Scotland have