members to exert control over victims. Examples of how perpetrators can exert control over migrant victims include: Threatening to no longer provide support for their stay in the UK; Falsifying a victim’s immigration status and/or purposefully bringing a victim into the UK with an incorrect visa to ensure they remain vulnerable to immigration enforcement, and without options for regularisation; Withholding key immigration documents from a victim, including their passport, so they are unable to ascertain what rights they may have; Withholding accurate information from a dependent, for example, when their visa lapses; Purposefully mismanaging a victim’s immigration status and/or application, so they become overstayers and/or without valid status. This might involve purposefully missing a deadline to renew a dependent’s visa; Deliberately using the immigration system to control and threaten a victim. For example, actually and/or threatening to report their insecure status to the Home Office; 125 The Traveller Movement have published a good practice guidance on improving service provision for Gypsy, Roma and Traveller domestic abuse survivors: 20220225-da-good-practice-guide_0.pdf (travellerstimes.org.uk). 126 Domestic Abuse Commissioner. Safety Before Status: Improving pathways to support for migrant victims of domestic abuse: 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Providing misinformation or mistruths to a victim about their rights or to multi-agency professionals involved in working with the victim. For example, falsely stating that the victim has NRPF when this is not the case; and Subjecting a victim to so called ‘honour’-based violence or abuse within a transnational context. For example, ensuring that a victim is at high risk of ‘honour’-based violence or abuse in their country of origin, and subsequently using the threat of deportation and the likelihood of additional harm as a tool to control them. There are support mechanisms in place for migrant victims of domestic abuse, including specific support for asylum seekers, local authority support, a change of NRPF conditions, fee waivers or support for victims of modern slavery (which encompasses human trafficking and slavery, servitude and forced or compulsory labour) through the National Referral Mechanism. Migrant victims on some partner visas are eligible for the Destitution Domestic Violence concession (DDVC). This concession enables these victims to apply for leave to remain without the NRPF condition when their relationship has broken down because of domestic abuse, they are destitute, and where they are eligible for, and intend to subsequently make, an application for indefinite leave to remain as a victim of domestic abuse. Under this concession, leave is granted for three months. These victims can then apply to claim public funds (benefits) for up to three months while they make an application to settle in the UK. This helps migrant victims on certain partner visas to fund a refuge space with the housing element of the benefits they can claim because their leave will not be subject to a NRPF condition. These victims can then apply for settlement (Indefinite Leave to Remain) under the Domestic Violence Indefinite Leave to Remain Rules. Victims may be reluctant to report abuse due to the fear