and SARA covers the entire problem orientated process. In PAT, the ‘crime triangle’ is comprised of an offender, a victim and a location (or related variations such as a class of victim or source of complaint). These three features of a problem are analysed to detect where a change might be made in one of them so as to solve the problem. In SARA, ‘scanning’ identifies a problem; ‘analysis’ brings about a deeper understanding of the problem (which may involve the use of PAT), which informs the subsequent ‘response’. The whole process is then ‘assessed’ for its effectiveness. The steps in SARA are not always as clear-cut as this, but it provides the police a general framework in which to work (Tilley 2003). While problem orientated policing has been embraced in both the US and the UK, there have been some difficulties in its implementation. It shares with community orientated policing the perception that it is not ‘real’ policing, as enforcement is not a preferred method in POP. Because of the cultural value placed on traditional, enforcement type methods, the data police gather about crime incidents tend to have this in mind and are not geared towards an analysis of longer-term crime trends (Tilley 2003, Cordner and Perkins Biebel 2005). Thus the data itself can be problematic. This then makes the subsequent analysis difficult, which is an important part of the SARA process. Like the other policing methods above, problem orientated policing suffers from external pressures to meet performance targets, which often work against the philosophy of POP. For example, as enforcement is not always an ideal way to address an identified problem, there will be no subsequent arrest or crime ‘cleared up’. This leaves vital performance targets unmet. Police also report having little time to do problem-orientated work as they are still an emergency service and have to respond to calls when they come in (but this of course was one of the reasons for developing POP in the first place). A final obstacle to implementing problem orientated policing is the fact that it requires a serious change to the way the police operate, a change that takes commitment and resources which cannot happen overnight. If there is no concerted effort within a force to bring in a problem- orientated approach, it will not achieve significant results (Tilley 2003). Cordner and Perkins Biebel (2005) found in their research in San Diego that police officers tended towards small-scale ‘problem solving’ (favouring enforcement methods) instead of towards the intended comprehensive ‘problem orientated policing’, as the distinction had not been made entirely clear to them (see also Braga and Weisburd 2006). While problem orientated policing does experience many barriers within the police service, the competing policing philosophies described in this chapter are not necessarily one of them. As Lancashire Constabulary has demonstrated, the POP process they had been promoting could be successfully linked into the National Intelligence Model. Both stress the importance of gathering data about an issue or problem (over a