overseas. 247. ÒRelevant evidenceÓ depends on the type of investigation for which evidence is being requested: • in relation to a civil recovery investigation, evidence is relevant for the purposes of identifying recoverable property or associated property, and includes whether property is or has been recoverable property or associated property, who holds or has held property, what property a person holds or has held, or the nature, extent or whereabouts of property; • in relation to a detained cash investigation, evidence is relevant for the purposes of investigating the derivation of cash or whether cash is intended by any person to be used in unlawful conduct; • in relation to an exploitation proceeds investigation, evidence is relevant if it relates to whether a person is a qualifying offender, whether they have obtained exploitation proceeds from a relevant offence, the value of any benefits derived by a person from a relevant offence, or the available amount in respect of a person. 248. Requests for assistance may be sent by a judge, or the relevant Director to the Government of the country or territory concerned, or any authority recognised by the Government of the country or territory concerned as being appropriate for receiving requests, or a court or tribunal which is specified within the request and which exercises jurisdiction in the place where the evidence is to be obtained. 249. Alternatively, a request may be sent to the Secretary of State who should forward the request to the court, tribunal, Government or authority in the country or territory concerned. 187. 250. In the case of urgency, a request may be sent via the International Criminal Police Organisation (Interpol or Europol) or any person competent to receive it under any provisions adopted under the EU Treaties, for onward transmission to a court, tribunal, Government or authority in the country or territory concerned. 251. Section 375B(3) provides that evidence obtained by means of a request for assistance cannot be used for any purpose other than for the purposes of the investigation for which it was obtained or for the purposes of certain proceedings (or any proceedings arising out of such proceedings). However, the court, tribunal, government or authority that received the request and provided the evidence can consent to the use of the evidence for other purposes. 187.