on an educational approach, rather than ÔblameÕ and ÔlectureÕ. They used the NSPCC PANTS programme as a basis for their FGM awareness programmes. The PANTS programme sets out a simple message for children that parts of their body covered by underwear are private, their body belongs to them and that no-one has the right to make them do anything that makes them feel uncomfortable. The school had six months of regular meetings with stakeholders including health services, childrenÕs services, their parent group, the voluntary sector, the police, cluster schools and charities to understand the facts, the various educational approaches, training and engagement with communities. Following these meetings the school created their own FGM lesson plans, resources and approaches which they were shared with their stakeholders and modified as required. All Year 5 & 6 pupilsÕ parents met the school and reviewed the resources before the lessons were piloted and INSETs were held for their staff, governors and parents. The class groups for the lessons were not single-sexed groups until year 6, where they split the boys and the girls in order to see how the questions developed. This was a good step as they found that the boys were very curious and some very angry that this could be done to their sisters, cousins, friends. The school also created a playground display and made it clear that they were educating and not blaming, whilst remaining clear about the law in this county. By the end of the summer term, they had delivered the FGM awareness lessons to all their year 4 Ð 6 pupils and have the PANTS programme under way across the school from Nursery to year 6. To celebrate the voice of the child, the school have created a working party of Year 3- Year 6 children to raise awareness of FGM across their borough. The children have presented to both professionals and children and even take questions from the floor. The school has strong links with their cluster secondary schools and Year 10 students from those schools have supported the delivery of PANTS lessons to their Year 1 children. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 63 Annex E: Legal Interventions Key points • Where a girl or woman is at risk, legal interventions should be considered. • Interventions may include police protection, an Emergency Protection Order, an FGM Protection Order (FGMPO) and/or other orders or applications. • The relevant agencies should consider what is appropriate on a fact-specific basis. In some cases it may be considered that an FGMPO is sufficient to protect a girl at risk. In other cases it may be more appropriate for a combination of orders to be sought, for example, an FGMPO and making a girl a ward of court. • Referral to an accredited family law practitioner to deal with wider issues of private or public family law may be equally important to meet the girlÕs needs. • Where an application has been made to the family court to