Youth rehabilitation orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 357 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒElectronic whereabouts monitoring requirement 45 In this Code Òelectronic whereabouts monitoring requirementÓ, in relation to a youth rehabilitation order, means a requirement to submit to electronic monitoring of the offenderÕs whereabouts (otherwise than for the purpose of monitoring the offenderÕs compliance with any other requirement included in the order) during a period specified in the order. Person responsible for electronic monitoring: electronic whereabouts monitoring order 46 (1) A youth rehabilitation order which imposes an electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement must include provision for making a person responsible for the monitoring. (2) The person who is made responsible for the monitoring must be of a description specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. Electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement: general 47 Where a youth rehabilitation order imposes an electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement, the offender must (in particular)Ñ (a) submit, as required from time to time by the responsible officer or the person responsible for the monitoring, toÑ (i) being fitted with, or installation of, any necessary apparatus, and (ii) inspection or repair of any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, (b) not interfere with, or with the working of, any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, and (c) take any steps required by the responsible officer, or the person responsible for the monitoring, for the purpose of keeping in working order any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring. Restrictions on imposing electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement 48 (1) WhereÑ (a) it is proposed to include an electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement in a youth rehabilitation order, but (b) there is a person (other than the offender) without whose co- operation it will not be practicable to secure the monitoring, the requirement may not be included in the order without that personÕs consent. (2) A court may not include an electronic whereabouts monitoring requirement in a youth rehabilitation order in respect of an offender unlessÑ (a) the court has been notified by the Secretary of State that electronic monitoring arrangements are available in the local (a) 358 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Youth rehabilitation orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been