one that is likely to be successful for them. There are a number of key questions to consider when assessing whether particular programmes have been effective. • what is the specific outcome needed for this group or individual? • what evidence is there that a programme has achieved this outcome? • what preparation work, parental permission and follow-up work will be needed? A simple checklist of questions to ask is attached at Resource D. Targeting a programme, or developing a new one There may be a need to tailor a more general approach or even commission a programme that does not have a clearly established history of success in order to address a specific problem. But even where there is little research to go on, there are still some key aspects to consider, including: • identifying a specific issue; • targeting the right ages/stage of development; and • understanding the causes of the problem. Resource E includes a simple checklist. Staffi powers Teachers have a number of legal powers to manage pupilsÕ behaviour and impose discipline. The main ones are listed below. • A statutory power to discipline pupils, which includes the power to issue detentions and to confiscate inappropriate items (Education and Inspections Act 2006). The Department for EducationÕs (DfEÕs) advice for head teachers and school staff on the power to discipline can be found via the following link: www.education.gov.uk/schools/pupilsupport/behaviour/ behaviourpolicies/f0076803/behaviour-and-discipline-in- schools-a-guide-for-headteachers-and-school-staff • A statutory power to use reasonable force to control or restrain pupils (Education and Inspections Act 2006). The DfEÕs advice to schools on this power is available via the following link: www.education.gov.uk/schools/pupilsupport/behaviour/ behaviourpolicies/f0077153/use-of-reasonable-force • A power to search pupils without consent for a number of Ôprohibited itemsÕ. These include: - knives and weapons; - alcohol, illegal drugs and stolen items; - tobacco and cigarette papers; - fireworks; i ÔMember of staffÕ, in relation to a school, means any teacher who works at the school and any other person who, with the authority of the head teacher, has lawful control or charge of pupils at the school as defined in the Education Act 1996 (www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1996/56/ section/550A) i - pornographic images; - any article that the member of staff reasonably suspects has been, or is likely to be, used to commit an offence, cause personal injury or damage to property; and - any item banned by the school rules that has been identified in these rules as an item that may be searched for. The DfEÕs advice to schools on the power to search can be viewed via the following link: www.education.gov.uk/schools/ pupilsupport/behaviour/behaviourpolicies/f0076897/screening,- searching-and-confiscation • A power for schools and local authorities to use parenting contracts and seek court-imposed parenting orders relating to childrenÕs behaviour (strengthened by the Education and Inspections Act 2006). Advice on this issue is included in the DfEÕs advice on school attendance (link below) www.education. gov.uk/schools/pupilsupport/behaviour/attendance/ a00216341/advice-on-school-attendance. Joint enterprise If a childÕs presence or actions lead to a crime they could be charged with the same offence as the main offender. For example, if