not carried out for purposes connected with childbirth then it is an offence (even if the girl or woman on whom the procedure is carried out consented). The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists is clear in its guideline Ô(Female Genital Mutilation and its Management (Green-top Guideline No. 53)Õ, published on 10 July 2015) that ÒAll surgeons who undertake FGCS must take appropriate measures to ensure compliance with the FGM ActÓ. As set out above, it is for the police to investigate any alleged offence and for the CPS to decide whether a prosecution under the 2003 Act is appropriate and it would ultimately be for a criminal court to determine, as and when the point arises for decision in a particular case, if non-medically indicated genital surgery constitutes mutilation and is therefore an offence under the 2003 Act. 3.2. Anonymity of Victims of FGM Section 4A and Schedule 1 of the 2003 Act30 make provision for the anonymity of victims of FGM in England and Wales (and Northern Ireland). The provisions are modelled on those in the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 1992 which protect the anonymity of victims of certain sexual offences, such as rape, as soon as an allegation is made. The effect of these provisions is to prohibit the publication of any matter that would be likely to lead members of the public to identify a person as the alleged victim of an offence under the 2003 Act (including the offence of failing to protect a girl at risk of genital mutilation under section 3A of the 2003 Act, as well as aiding, abetting, counselling and procuring the Òprincipal offenceÓ). The prohibition lasts for the lifetime of the alleged victim. The prohibition covers not just more immediate identifying information, such as the name and address or a photograph of the alleged victim, but any other information which, whether on its own or pieced together with other information, would be likely to lead members of the public to identify the alleged victim. 30 As inserted by section 71 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. 20 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation ÒPublicationÓ is given a broad meaning and would include traditional print media, broadcasting and social media such as Twitter or Facebook. 3.2.1 Exemptions There are two limited circumstances where the court may disapply the restrictions on publication: • the first is where a person being tried for an FGM offence could have their defence substantially prejudiced if the restriction to prevent identification of the person against whom the allegation of FGM was committed is not lifted; and • the second is where preventing identification of the person against whom the allegation of FGM was committed is to impose a substantial and unreasonable restriction on the reporting of the proceedings and it is in the public interest to remove the restriction. 3.2.2 Breach of the Restrictions Contravention of the prohibition on publication is an offence. It will not be necessary for the prosecution to show that