characteristics relating to gender identity, sex or sexual orientation are being discussed, investigators should be aware of biases and assumptions. Principles of equality, diversity and inclusion should be considered and reflected in their approach and terminology. Language and communication styles can be perceived as offensive and discriminatory, and can cause upset to victims and bereaved families so we should be respectful and inclusive in our language and in our communication styles. Investigators may refer to a gender recognition certificate (GRC) if one has been provided and liaise with the HM coroner or procurator fiscal prior to the inquest, regarding any inconsistency in documentation or description which relates to the victim's biological sex at birth and gender identity at death. Concerning the record of Inquest which may have recorded biological sex at birth and gender at death. Should this bring to light considerations that the bereaved families need to be aware of, then this should be dealt with in a sensitive and a compassionate manner prior to any publication. HM coroner or procurator fiscal may also choose to record the birth name (as on the birth certificate) as well as any other name used subsequently, as well as gender pronouns. Identification board or commission This is a formal step in the DVI process. In the UK, HM coroner or procurator fiscal hears evidence and approves official identification of the deceased. It is chaired by HM coroner or procurator fiscal, who decide whether an identify has been established. The formal Identification commission may be convened for larger incidents, often where citizens of a number of countries are involved. Countries that have lost citizens may be allowed to participate in or observe the The format and location of the identification board or commission will be a decision for HM coroner or procurator fiscal. For operations involving a low or manageable number of fatalities, successful identification may take place in a less formal setting. Whatever the scale of the operation, a reconciliation file detailing how identification has been achieved needs to be completed and presented to HM coroner or procurator fiscal. Careful consideration needs to be given to any information released to families prior to formal establishment of identity by the identification board. Prematurely informing families that a case is to be presented for identification can cause problems and is not recommended. This is particularly the case where the panel defers the case and decides that further investigation is required. Repatriation Once a deceased person has been formally identified, HM coroner or procurator fiscal orders the formal release and repatriation of the deceased person or human remains to the agreed next of kin. In consultation with HM coroner or procurator fiscal officer, the FLO will determine the wishes of the family and/or bereaved regarding repatriation of the deceased person and their personal property. This information is then given to HM coroner or procurator fiscal and the SIM. If the deceased is a foreign national, the deceased personÕs embassy or consul may advise the repatriation