more broadly. 8% reported using AI to improve quality or enhance their product offering. Figure 4.6 Reasons for employing AI technology Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question B5. For what reasons does your organisation employ AI technology? Base: Those currently using AI (239) 5. Cyber security practices around AI This chapter explores organisationsÕ cyber security practices surrounding AI technologies they deploy. Cyber security practices explicitly regarding AI Of those currently using AI technologies, as shown in Figure 5.1, two-fifths (40%) said they had specific cyber security practices or processes in place explicitly regarding the AI technology they deploy. Just under one-half (47%) said they did not have such practices in place specifically for AI, and 13% were unsure. Micro businesses and organisations using only one AI technology were less likely to have cyber security practices in place in relation to the AI technology they deploy (31% and 35% respectively). Similarly, those who had purchased off- the-shelf AI products were less likely to have specific practices in place (31%), while those who had outsourced the development of AI were considerably more likely to have practices in place (63%).[footnote 3] Businesses that developed the AI technologies in-house were neither more or less likely to have specific cyber security practices or processes in place compared to businesses overall. Among those planning to use AI in the future, half (50%) said that their organisation would have specific cyber security practices or processes in place explicitly regarding the AI technology once the planned technologies were deployed. Meanwhile, 25% said that they would not have such practices and 25% were unsure. Figure 5.1 Whether organisations have, or plan to have, specific cyber security practices in place explicitly regarding AI technology Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question C1. Does your organisation have specific cyber security practices or processes in place explicitly regarding the AI technology you deploy? Base: Those currently using AI technologies (239). Question C2. Would your organisation have specific cyber security practices or processes in place explicitly regarding the AI technology once your planned AI technologies are deployed? Base: Those planning on using AI technology (111) Of those with or intending to have specific AI cyber security practices or processes, just over a quarter mentioned deploying firewalls for AI (27%). One- fifth of organisations reported ensuring personal data is not shared with third parties (19%). As shown in Figure 5.2, just under a third (29%) did not know what exactly these cyber security practices were or would be. Although participants said they were the appropriate person to discuss cyber security, some of those interviewed were not in an IT role and therefore could be why they were unsure of the specific practices and processes in place. Figure 5.2 Cyber security processes explicitly regarding AI technologies currently deployed or that businesses plan to deploy Source: AI Cyber Security Survey. Question C3. Please could you summarise what these practices or processes are/might be? Base: Those with or intending to have specific AI cyber security practices or processes