a member of the public against [F687that body] or chief officer, or it otherwise appears to a [F686local policing body] or chief officer that such proceedings are likely to be so brought; and (b) it appears to [F687that body] or chief officer (whether at the time of the notification or at any time subsequently) that those proceedings involve or would involve a conduct matter. (2) [F688The authority] or chief officerÑ (2) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 181 (a) shall consider whether it or, as the case may be, he is the appropriate authority in relation to the conduct matter in question; and (b) if it or he is not, shall notify the person who is the appropriate authority about the proceedings, or the proposal to bring them, and about the circumstances that make it appear as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)(b). (3) Where a [F689local policing body] or chief officer determines for the purposes of this paragraph that it or, as the case may be, he is the appropriate authority in relation to any conduct matter, it or he shall [F690determine whether the matter is one which it or he is required to refer to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 13 or is one which it would be appropriate to so refer]. [F691(4) In a case where the appropriate authority determines that the matter is one which it or he is required to refer to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 13, or is one which it would be appropriate to so refer, it or he shall record the matter. (4A) In any other case, the appropriate authority shall determine whether the matter falls within a description of matters specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this sub-paragraph. (4B) In a case where the appropriate authority determines that the matter does not fall within such a description, it or he shall record the matter. (4C) In any other case, the appropriate authority may (but need not) record the matter. (4D) In a case where the appropriate authorityÑ (a) records a matter under this paragraph, and (b) is not required to refer the matter to the [F632Director General] under paragraph 13 and does not do so, the appropriate authority may deal with the matter in such other manner (if any) as it or he may determine.] (5) Nothing in [F692sub-paragraph (4) or (4B)] shall require the appropriate authority to record any conduct matter if it is satisfied that the matter has