to make a transfer scheme, and (b) are subject to the provisions of Part 2 of this Schedule and any transfer scheme. (10) In this paragraph a reference to the transfer of a function includes a reference to the abolition of the function and the conferral of a corresponding function on another person. Foreign property etc: perfection of vesting 22 (1) Subsections (2) to (8) of section 414 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999 (foreign property, rights and liabilities: perfection of vesting) apply in any case where a transfer by or under this Act provides for the transfer of foreign property, rights or liabilities. (2) In the application of those provisions by virtue of sub-paragraph (1)Ñ (a) references to a transfer or pension instrument have effect as references to the transfer by or under this Act; and (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 15 Ð Police reform: transitional provision Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 247 (b) references to the transferor and the transferee are to be construed accordingly. Transfers: supplementary provision 23 (1) All property, rights and liabilities to which a statutory transfer applies are to be transferred by that transfer, notwithstanding that they may be or includeÑ (a) property, rights and liabilities that would not otherwise be capable of being transferred, or (b) rights and liabilities under enactments. (2) The property, rights and liabilities which may be transferred by a transfer scheme includeÑ (a) property, rights and liabilities that would not otherwise be capable of being transferred, or (b) rights and liabilities under enactments. (3) No right of reverter, right of pre-emption, right of forfeiture, right of re-entry, right to compensation, option or similar right affecting any land or other property shall operate or become exercisable as a result of any transfer of land or other property by virtue of a statutory transfer or a transfer scheme (whether or not any consent required to the transfer has been obtained). (4) No right to terminate or vary a contract or instrument shall operate or become exercisable, and no provision of a contract or relevant document, shall operate or become exercisable or be contravened, by reason of any transfer by virtue of a statutory transfer or a transfer scheme. (5) Sub-paragraphs (2) to (4) above have effect in relation toÑ (a) the grant or creation of an estate or interest in, or right over, any land or other property, or (b) the doing of any other thing in relation to land or other property, as they have effect in relation to a transfer of land or other property. (6) A transfer scheme may make provision for the apportionment or division of any property, rights or liabilities. (7) Where a transfer scheme makes provision for the apportionment or division between two or