iv. The Tameside Shooting Centre, Greater Manchester v. The Wednesbury Marksmen, West Midlands vi. Lincolnshire Shooting Centre, Lincolnshire vii. Bedfordshire County Rifle and Pistol Association viii. Hertfordshire & Essex Shooting Association ix. Valley Arms, Ruthin, Denbighshire x. The Hastings 1066 Rifle & Pistol Club, Sussex xi. Rifleman Firearms Target Shooting Club, Somerset xii. The Marylebone Rifle and Pistol Club, London xiii. The Target Sports Centre, Dorset 9.37 Further sites may be designated in due course. 9.38 Section 7(3) does not authorise the possession of firearms outside the designated site. If the owner wishes to remove the gun (for example to transfer it to another 74 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law designated site) this will normally require a carrier holding the Secretary of StateÕs authority under section 5 and prior police authority to amend the certificate conditions stipulating the new designated site or Òat homeÓ if the gun is a firearm falling within section 7(1) that had been held at a designated site and is being removed by the owner. Also where a section 7(3) firearm is of a type that could be held as a firearm within the definition in section 58(2) of the 1968 Act, but for the fact of it being held for firing at a designated site, the status of the firearm can be changed back to section 58(2) so as to allow the owner to remove it from the designated site. This change in status also applies to firearms that qualify for section 7(1) of the 1997 Act so that they can also be transported by their owners. The change in status will require the permission of the licensing authority prior to the movement of the firearms. The change in status of such a firearm should be made by a letter to the licensing authority. 9.39 The main purpose of section 7(3) of the 1997 Act is to allow guns of historic interest to be preserved and studied, including occasional shooting. It is not intended to allow for competitive target shooting, and nor is there any obligation on owners to fire their guns or regularly visit the site. Dealers 9.40 Registered firearms dealers who wish to trade in historic handguns will need to obtain authority from the Secretary of State under section 5 of the 1968 Act. Ammunition 9.41 It must be noted that the section 7(3) exemption does not cover ammunition. Therefore a section 5 authority under the 1968 Act would be needed for prohibited ammunition and a firearm certificate would be required for ammunition within section 1(1)(b) of that Act. Most handgun ammunition will fall within section 1. Where a certificate holder wishes to fire their firearm held under section 7(3) of the 1997 Act, the ammunition for that firearm should be kept at the designated site. However, where the certificate holder does not possess any section 7(1) handguns in that chambering, section 1 ammunition may be held at home. The certificate should be so conditioned. 9.42 If the ammunition is not easily available,