13 6% Research 13 6% Confidentiality 10 4% Not relevant 6 3% Duties should extend to adults 6 3% Timing 5 2% Thresholds should be reconsidered/more training on thresholds 5 2% Information sharing should be improved 5 2% Listen to children/reporters more 4 2% Duties will burden 3 1% Duties should apply to small organisations/businesses 2 1% Creates blame culture towards professionals 2 1% Duties should apply to all staff in safeguarding sector 2 1% Table note. Base: 236 respondents. Percentages are calculated by dividing the response count for each code by the number of respondents (236) and will not add up to 100%. 113. There was a wide range of comments in response to this question. 24% of respondents took the opportunity to highlight the impact of any new duty on resources, 14% highlighted the importance of having clear definitions to support a new duty and 13% commented on how a new duty should interact with the existing FGM mandatory reporting model. 26 114. The main theme from written submissions was that the existing controls should be improved instead of introducing a statutory duty. A number of submissions also highlighted the need for clear definitions and others felt that further research was needed into the issues around reporting and acting on child abuse and neglect. 27 Annex A Ð The consultation analysis process 1. Consultation responses were analysed by officials at the Home Office and Department for Education. 2. While it was clear that respondents using the consultation proforma or answering specific questions were replying to the consultation, a view also had to be taken on what other correspondence constituted a formal response. It was decided to consider all letters or emails received during the consultation and include them, so long as they mentioned the consultation or one of the policies within it and gave a view. 3. Data from responses to the quantitative (closed) questions in the consultation (e.g., those that invited ÔyesÕ, ÔnoÕ, ÔdonÕt knowÕ responses) was inputted and analysed. All qualitative responses (those responses to open questions or where a respondent had written a paper, letter or email rather than answering specific questions) were also logged and analysed. This was done by coding the responses to identify frequently occurring themes. Where respondents commented on a different aspect of the policy which they were being asked about, this too was recorded. Findings have been reported in this document. 4. A number of in-depth annexes to consultation responses were also received, covering areas such as evidence, data and legal opinions. These were not coded but have been considered by officials and fed into the GovernmentÕs response. 5. While the consultation was open for anyone to respond, it should be noted that those who responded were self-selected and therefore the responses received cannot be considered representative of the views of the public or different sectors in general. 6. The numbers of responses reported in this analysis are actual numbers and have not been weighted. It should also be remembered