same, as follows:Ñ 1 Interviews of serving officers during investigations (1) The Police Reform Act 2002 is amended as follows. (2) In Schedule 3 (handling of complaints and conduct matters etc) after paragraph 19E insertÑ ÒInterview of persons serving with the police etc during certain investigations 19F (1) This paragraph applies to an investigation of a complaint, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter whichÑ (a) is carried out by the appropriate authority under the management of the Commission, or (b) is carried out by the Commission itself. (2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the procedure to be followed in connection with an interview whichÑ (a) is held with a serving officer during the course of the investigation by the person investigating the complaint or matter, and (b) is not within paragraph 19D(1). (3) Regulations under sub-paragraph (2) may in particular make provisionÑ (a) requiring a serving officer to attend an interview, (a) (b) for determining how the time at which an interview is to be held is to be agreed or decided, (c) about the information that must be provided to a serving officer being interviewed, (d) for enabling a serving officer to be accompanied at the interview by a person of a prescribed description. (4) ÒServing officerÓ means a person whoÑ (a) is serving with the police, or (b) is serving with an additional police body. (5) A person is serving with an additional police body if the person is a member of, or is employed or otherwise engaged for the purposes of, that body (subject to sub-paragraph (6)). (6) The Secretary of State may by regulations provide, in relation to an additional police body, that a person is serving with that body only if the personÑ (a) is a member of, or is employed or otherwise engaged for the purposes of, that body, and (b) is of a prescribed description. (7) An Òadditional police bodyÓ meansÑ (a) a body of constables which is maintained by an authority other than a local policing body and is prescribed in regulations made by the Secretary of State under this sub-paragraph, or (b) a body required by section 26A or 26B to enter into an agreement with the Commission. (8) The Secretary of State must obtain the consent of the Northern Ireland Assembly before making provision in regulations under this paragraph which would be within the legislative competence of the Northern Ireland Assembly. (9) But consent under sub-paragraph (8) is not required in relation to a provision ifÑ (a) a Bill for an Act of the Northern Ireland Assembly containing the provision would require the consent of the Secretary of State under section 8 of the Northern Ireland Act 1998, and (b) the provision does not affect, other than incidentally, a transferred matter (within the meaning of that Act). (10) Nothing in this paragraph prevents or restricts the holding of interviews to which regulations under this paragraph do not apply during the course of any investigation