the body has already been taken from that person in the course of the investigation of the offence; and the impression previously taken is not one that has proved insufficient.” 74 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F205(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Section 65 of the 1984 Act (supplementary provisions of Part 5) shall become subsection (1) of that section and— after “this Act—” there shall be inserted— ““analysis”, in relation to a skin impression, includes comparison and matching;” in the definition of “non-intimate sample”, for paragraph (e) (footprints etc.) there shall be substituted— “(e) a skin impression;” after the definition of “registered dentist” there shall be inserted— ““skin impression”, in relation to any person, means any record (other than a fingerprint) which is a record (in any form and produced by any method) of the skin pattern and other physical characteristics or features of the whole or any part of his foot or of any other part of his body;” and in the definition of “sufficient” and “insufficient”, after “means” there shall be inserted “ (subject to subsection (2) below) ”. After subsection (1) of section 65 of the 1984 Act there shall be inserted— “(2) References in this Part of this Act to a sample’s proving insufficient include references to where, as a consequence of— the loss, destruction or contamination of the whole or any part of the sample, any damage to the whole or a part of the sample, or the use of the whole or a part of the sample for an analysis which produced no results or which produced results some or all of which must be regarded, in the circumstances, as unreliable, the sample has become unavailable or insufficient for the purpose of enabling information, or information of a particular description, to be obtained by means of analysis of the sample.” Speculative searches In subsection (1)(a) of section 63A of the 1984 Act (speculative searches against records held by or on behalf of specified police forces), for “a police force (or police Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 75 Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to