police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Grounds shall not be specified in any arrangements for the purposes of subsection (4) unless they are grounds for the time being set out for the purposes of this subsection in the code of practice issued by the Secretary of State under subsection (6). The Secretary of State shall issue, and may from time to time revise, a code of practice as to the carrying out by [F487local policing bodies] and independent custody visitors of their functions under the arrangements. Before issuing or revising a code of practice under this section, the Secretary of State shall consult with— [F488[F489(a) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (aa) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (ab) the Common Council of the City of London;] [F490the National Police Chiefs' Council]; and] such other persons as he thinks fit. The Secretary of State shall lay any code of practice issued by him under this section, and any revisions of any such code, before Parliament. [F491Local policing bodies] and independent custody visitors shall have regard to the code of practice for the time being in force under subsection (6) in the carrying out of their functions under the preceding provisions of this section. [F492(10) In this section— “detainee”, in relation to arrangements made under this section, means a person detained in a police station in the police area of the [F493local policing body]; “suspected terrorist detainee” means a detainee detained under section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000.] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 111 Detention reviews for detained persons who are asleep In section 40 of the 1984 Act (review of police detention), in subsection (8) for the words from “the substitution” to the end there shall be substituted “ the modifications specified in subsection (8A) ”. After that subsection there shall be inserted— “(8A) The modifications are— the substitution of references to the person whose detention is under review for references to the person