who has supported the Cornell Policy Group and this publication. I look forward to continuing my role as editor-in-chief for another semester as we prepare the twenty-third edition in Spring 2025. I hope you enjoy our policy proposals from this semester. Sincerely, Henry Han Editor-in-Chief Domestic Policy Director: Elliott Serna Assistant Director: Rachel Baron Analysts: Amani Agrawal, Elizabeth Fine, Celia Holden, Cole Laudenslager, Pari Patel, Avery Prince, Emily Snider, and Samuel Stille Pre-Release Earnings Program: Providing Incarcerated Individuals a Financial Safety Net for Reintegration By Amani Agrawal, aa2747@cornell.edu To reduce recidivism and foster equitable reintegration, New York State should implement a Pre-Release Earnings Program to provide incarcerated individuals with liveable wages for their work in prison, and thus an accessible financial safety net upon their release. Background The United States incarcerates 1.2 million people in state and federal prisons, of which 33,793 are incarcerated in New York State (NYS).1 In the US, two- thirds of these incarcerated individuals also work, performing jobs similar to those of unincarcerated individuals.2 However, the legal protections afforded to these workers differ significantly based on their incarcerated status. The Thirteenth Amendment of the US Constitution protects unincarcerated individuals from unethical labor practices yet explicitly omits those “held in confinement due to criminal conviction.”2 The Fair Labor Standards Act further permits unethical practices via their definitions of employees and employers.3 Consequently, incarcerated workers face harsh working conditions, with more than 76 percent of inmates reporting they are forced to either work or face solitary confinement.2 In US prisons, inmates are assigned either industry or non- industry work. The former refers to jobs that involve manufacturing signs or furniture, while the latter refers to prison support jobs in the maintenance sector.4 In NYS, non- industry jobs, which pay less than industry jobs at an hourly wage between $0.10 to $0.33, are the most common.3 These wages come from less than one percent of the state’s correctional budget.2 Additionally, non-industry wages in NYS are significantly lower than the nationwide incarcerated average of $0.86 per hour.5 Such non-industry wages lead to financial instability that drastically affects incarcerated individuals during incarceration and reintegration. With their current meager wages, the 95 percent of incarcerated individuals returning to their communities lack financial safety, increasing their risk of recidivism, as full-time incarcerated workers earn approximately $2000 annually — far below the $35,000 needed to cover a modest cost of living in NYS.6,7 Therefore, the NYS non-industry wages are insufficient for most prisoners supporting their families. Policy Idea NYS should implement a pre-release earnings program that provides individuals incarcerated for non-violent crimes with living wages in the form of state minimum wage. This program would be implemented after an individual is granted parole, limiting the program’s scope while increasing its financial feasibility. Focusing on non-violent offenders prioritizes lower-risk individuals, making the initiative affordable and appealing to the public. The American Correctional Association and the Department of Corrections and Community Supervision (DOCCS) must ensure fair wages by aligning prison labor pay with living costs. Additionally,