whole picture It is essential that services work together to identify and respond coherently and take into account the whole picture of a domestic abuse context. This principle should frame the multi-agency response to victims, including children. Agencies should: Develop a collaborative approach built around coordinating the skills, experience and perspectives of people from each agency. Any assessment process should recognise and allow for fluctuations in the victim’s needs and safety and should be informed by the assessment provided by the specialist domestic abuse service. Be aware of the potential for domestic abuse to intersect with other harms, taking into account other safeguarding functions when considering the needs of victims, alongside pathways for intervention for perpetrators. Many harms and adverse experiences intersect with one another to either drive abusive behaviour, or to exacerbate vulnerabilities in those who have experienced abuse - for example, where there is a suspected risk of serious violence, modern slavery or child sexual exploitation. Use an evidence-based assessment process to ensure there is a shared understanding of the risk and a shared plan to address risk. The assessment should involve identifying the risk to/from each family member and the needs of each family member. The primary goal of this assessment should be the increased safety and wellbeing of all non-abusive family members, with the response tailored to their particular situation and the views they have expressed. This assessment process should be well-evidenced, tested with service users, and be the subject of regular, high quality training on how it should (and should not) be used. It should have reference to existing assessment methods such as the Domestic Abuse, Stalking, Harassment and ‘Honour’-Based Violence (DASH) risk assessment and Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACEs) work. Risk is fluid and must be re-assessed regularly and the process should facilitate that. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Develop processes and pathways that ensure that once needs and risks are identified, family members get the most appropriate support as soon as possible. Box 7.1: Case Study – Support for victims of domestic abuse Case Study Hounslow Domestic and Sexual Violence Outreach Service is a violence against women and girls (VAWG) service for all victims of gender-based violence. Victims living in the London Borough of Hounslow can access the service themselves or partner agencies can refer. Examples of the way in which Hounslow provides support to victims of domestic abuse include: Adult Social Care IDVA – supports vulnerable adults, including those with disabilities, the elderly and those with complex needs. Health IDVA – co-located with the Clinical Commissioning Group and supports victims identified and referred by GPs, Maternity, and the local hospital. The referral pathway is via the NHS System 1 ensuring speedy referrals from busy medical staff. Metropolitan Police – The IDVA is co-located with the Safeguarding Unit to respond quickly to reports of high-risk domestic abuse incidences thereby providing earlier intervention and safety plans. Freedom Programme – a 12-week programme designed to empower female victims of domestic abuse. Hounslow One Stop Shop