the principles and mechanics of security. This advice must always be tempered with common sense and a view to the distinctive conditions that surround the application. 1.5 This guidance should be applied with full regard to the individual circumstances and the type and location of the premises subject to any recommendations. It is important that the proposals in each case take into account the safety of the occupants of the premises; in particular, attention is drawn to the provisions of the Fire Safety Acts, building regulations and the Occupiers Liability Act. 1.6 Your attention is also drawn to the building regulations in respect of provisions for emergency escapes from buildings including dwellings. For security purposes in this document, no requirement can be made in respect of a window or other opening which has been provided as an emergency escape that will in any way prevent the immediate and unobstructed use of that escape route. If there is a conflict between the need for firearms security and any regulations made for the safety of persons in that building, then advice must be sought from the agency responsible for the regulations. 1.7 There are many factors that require consideration, which may include the following: a) A risk assessment based on the levels of property crime in the area. These may be subject to sudden temporary changes and it is helpful to look at the longer-term trends of property crime in an area, which are the more important factors. b) The remoteness or otherwise of the premises, and the potential response to calls for assistance, either by police or neighbours. a) c) The manner in which the property is overlooked and/or illuminated. These levels of natural surveillance afford the property a degree of protection; d) The amount of time of which the property is occupied or left unoccupied; e) The location of storage points within the property and, where appropriate, the distribution of firearms within each secure point; f) The attractiveness of the type of firearms to criminals. For example, modern multi-shot handguns may be more attractive to criminals than most other types of gun; g) The number of firearms held and; h) Whether it is generally known that firearms are stored on the premises. 1.8 Any references to commercial products in this document do not imply any approval of that manufacturer, but are given to illustrate what is available, or where such items may be acquired. Many other manufacturers and suppliers are available and so far as their products conform with or exceed any relative standards quoted they may be considered fit for the purpose. 1.9 The Security Handbook is divided into parts that cover specific areas, a number of which inter-relate. Setting aside this introduction, Part 2 deals with the application to private individualsÕ ownership of firearms, Parts 3 to 6 cover the more specialised areas (possession for professional purposes, firearms dealers, clubs, museums and collections) and Part 7 looks at security considerations for transport. Technical specifications are given in the