panel. (11) In this paragraphÑ Òappropriate numberÓ means the number that is equal to the difference betweenÑ (a) the full complement; and (b) the number of appointed members of the panel; Òfull complementÓ means the number of appointed members which the panel is to have by virtue of paragraph 4(1)(a). Costs of the panel 11 (1) This paragraph applies to a multi-authority panel. (2) The panel arrangements must make provision aboutÑ (a) how the relevant local authorities are to meet the costs of the panel; and (a) 182 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) insofar as the provision is necessary, how funds paid (whether by the Secretary of State or otherwise) to meet the costs of the panel are to be paid to, or distributed between, the relevant local authorities. PART 3 PANELS ESTABLISHED BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE Establishment and maintenance of panels 12 (1) This Part of this Schedule applies in relation toÑ (a) each police area in Wales, and (b) each police area in England in relation to which an order under paragraph 1(2) has effect. (2) The Secretary of State mustÑ (a) establish and maintain a separate police and crime panel for each police area to which this Part of this Schedule applies, and (b) make the panel arrangements (see paragraph 24) for each police and crime panel established and maintained in accordance with this paragraph. (3) The Secretary of State may make different panel arrangements for different police and crime panels. (4) In the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a reference to a police and crime panel is a reference to a panel established and maintained in accordance with this paragraph. Membership and status 13 (1) A police and crime panel for a police area is to consist of the following membersÑ (a) the relevant number of persons appointed by the Secretary of State as members of the panel; and (b) the appropriate number of members co-opted by the panel. (2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1) (a), the Òrelevant numberÓ isÑ (a) ten (if the police area covers ten or fewer local authorities); or (b) the number that is equal to the number of local authorities which the police area covers (if the police area covers eleven or more local authorities). (3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)(b), the Òappropriate numberÓ isÑ (a) two, or (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details)