of disloyalty. This policy applies to everyone who works directly for, or on behalf of the organisation and is designed to enable and support individuals to report wrongdoing at any level without fear of reprisal. If a worker is going to make a disclosure it should be made to the employer first via the Counter Corruption Unit or, if they feel unable to use the organisationÕs procedure, the disclosure should be made to a prescribed person so that employment rights are protected. Anonymous reports can be made via the Crimestoppers Police Integrity Line, which is independent of Wiltshire Police. The IOPC is the prescribed body for conduct within the Police Service. Other prescribed bodies include: Health & Safety Executive Criminal Cases Review Commission (CCRC) Financial Conduct Authority HM Revenue & Customs The Environment Agency Serious Fraud Office Members of the House of Commons (MPÕs) Further information regarding reporting wrongdoing is available on the Professional Standards portal pages. This includes information about the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998, anonymous reporting and what to do if someone reports wrongdoing to you. This policy is designed to protect people within the organisation who report wrongdoing and to provide them with appropriate support within the workplace. It is our intention to promote a culture in Wiltshire Police that prevents, discourages and detects wrongdoing within the organisation. This policy and its associated procedure will empower and encourage staff to do the right thing, confident in the knowledge that they will receive support and protection. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all police officers and police staff, including the extended police family and those working voluntarily or under contract to Wiltshire Police. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE This policy underpins and is additional to obligations under the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998, and the following: • Employment Rights Act 1996 • Serious Organised Crime Act 2005 • Police Reform Act 2002 • The Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 for Police Officers. • The conditions of employment for Police Staff. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS A complete list of relevant policies can be found on the Conduct and Standards page of the Policy Library. • Code of Ethics • The Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 for Police Officers. AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Professional Standards DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW Feedback on the content of the policy from policy users, will be used to monitor the efficiency and effectiveness of the policy and associated procedure. This Policy and Procedure is owned by the Professional Standards Department. The Head of the Professional Standards Department will ensure that this policy is reviewed every three years. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY Professional Standards are responsible for this policy. Contact