2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F370PART 2A SUPER-COMPLAINTS 29A Power to make super-complaints (1) A designated body may make a complaint to Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Constabulary that a feature, or combination of features, of policing in England and Wales by one or more than one police force is, or appears to be, significantly harming the interests of the public. (2) See section 29B for the meaning of Òdesignated bodyÓ. (3) In this section- ÒEngland and WalesÓ includes the adjacent United Kingdom waters within the meaning of section 30 of the Police Act 1996, Òpolice forceÓ means any of the followingÑ (a) the metropolitan police force, (b) a police force maintained under section 2 of the Police Act 1996 (police forces in England and Wales outside London), (c) the National Crime Agency, (d) the City of London police force, (e) the Ministry of Defence Police, (f) the Civil Nuclear Constabulary, (g) the British Transport Police. (a) 72 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2A Ð Super-complaints Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [ Bodies who may make super-complaints F37129B (1) In this Part Òdesignated bodyÓ means a body designated in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (2) The Secretary of StateÑ (a) may make or revoke such a designation if the Secretary of State considers it appropriate to do so, and (b) must make or revoke such a designation if asked to do so by an authorised person. (3) The Secretary of State must, in deciding whether to act under subsection (2)(a), apply criteria specified or described in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (4) The authorised person must, in deciding whether to ask the Secretary of State to act under subsection (2)(b), apply criteria specified or described in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (5) The Secretary of State must, before making regulations under subsection (3) or (4), consult such persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. (6) In this section Òauthorised personÓ means any person specified or described in regulations made by the Secretary of State.] [ Regulations about super-complaints F37229C (1) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about complaints under section 29A. (2) Such provision may, in particular, include provision aboutÑ (a) the procedure for dealing with a matter