reference the occurrence to which the relate in the record link This helps identify potential orphan records (records which are not directly linked to an occurrence and have no policing purpose to be on Niche). An example of this could be the registered keeper of a vehicle where only the vehicle is directly involved *Please note the following process for Flags/Warnings is correct at date of publication, however this is currently under review. 3.1.2 Flags / Warnings Standard Ownership Notes When creating Flags / Warnings in Niche RMS, the user should review current Flags / Warnings and update accordingly. This is critical to maintain a high level of data quality and ensure information remains accurate and relevant. Inputter- Creator / Linker All mental health warnings created on a person record as a result of self- diagnosis must be validated or removed within 7 days of creation. Inputter The person applying the flags or warning is responsible for the accurate creation. Inputter Any flag linked to a person/address must have a related occurrence linked. Inputter BOLO flags must only be used in cases where no other Niche flag is appropriate. Inputter Every flag created on Niche must have the Ònotify on expiryÓ selected with a valid unit or individual linked. (Warning markers do not currently have this option available). Inputter Niche warning signals must be created where evidence exists to support such action. OIC / Custody PNC must be notified when warning signals are created on Niche. Inputter All flags and warnings created on Niche will have an agreed retention and disposal period. This will be on a case by case basis and reviewed as appropriate. Inputter / PNC / DQT Flags / Markers will be uploaded to PND when associated against: - Person (suspects) - Flags & Markers - Addresses - Flags & Markers - Vehicles - Flags & Markers - Business/Criminal Organisation - Flags & Markers - Property - Flags & Markers - Intelligence - Flags only - Occurrence - Flags only Inputter 3.1.3 Searching in Niche • Using ÒFast FindÓ address can be useful to help find addresses more easily as it searches in multiple fields. Information isnÕt always found in the most obvious or logical field • Never search for generic addresses, or addresses for parks, playgrounds etc. by using a postcode. Existing addresses may not have a postcode and the postcode added via Gazetteer verification may not be correct • When information drops into Niche from the CAD Log (Storm Log) it may be in the incorrect format or wrong field (e.g. contracted street names such as RD (road), ST (street), AVE (avenue) or beat codes and house names in wrong fields). Always make sure the information on the address is correctly formatted before searching in Niche • Some house numbers may be found in the premises or flat field instead of the house number field. Additional searches using just the postcode or street name may be required • Businesses and motorway marker posts can be