depend on the relevant person being part of a public authority or other organisation. 4 Definitions used in this Code 4.1 ÔRelevant personÕ means any person exercising a power of entry or associated power, other than a devolved power of entry or devolved associated power, unless such exercise is subject to a separate Code of Practice (however described) issued under any enactment (whenever passed or made.) 4.2 ÔPower of entryÕ means a power (however expressed) in any enactment to enter land or other premises; and includes any safeguard which forms part of the power.2 4.3 ÔAssociated powersÕ means any power which: a) is contained in an enactment b) is connected with a power of entry, and c) is a power: i. to do anything on, or in relation to, the land or other premises entered in pursuance of the power of entry, ii. to do anything in relation to any person, or anything found on the land or other premises entered in pursuance of the power of entry, or iii. otherwise to do anything in connection with the power of entry, and includes any safeguard which forms part of the associated power. 4.4 ÔPremisesÕ is defined under section 46 of the Act and includes any place and, in particular, includes: a) any vehicle, vessel, aircraft or hovercraft, b) any off-shore installation, c) any renewable energy installation, d) any tent or movable structure 4.5 The following are definitions for the purpose of this Code: 4.6 ÔAuthorised personsÕ means a person authorised to exercise statutory non- devolved powers of entry (titles other than Ôauthorised personsÕ used in legislation where the Code applies are to be treated as meaning the same). 4.7 ÔDwellingÕ means any premises wholly or mainly used as place of residence or abode(including any garden, yard, garage, outhouse or other appurtenance of such premises which is not used in common by the occupants of more than one such dwelling);3 4.8 ÔOccupierÕ refers to a person who is or appears to be in charge of the premises; 4.9 ÔOwner/landownerÕ refers to the person owning the premises; 2 This does not include terms in tenancy agreements that are implied by statute, for example, it would not apply to section 11(6) Landlord and Tenant Act 1985. 3 Adapted from s53 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974. 4.10 ÔAuthorised person in chargeÕ means the authorised person assigned to lead the search, inspection, sampling etc. One authorised person must act as the authorised person in charge whenever powers of entry are exercised. 5 Availability/monitoring and changes to the Code 5.1 Section 49 of the Act requires the Secretary of State to keep this Code under review and enables the Secretary of State to alter or replace the Code. This Code and any subsequent replacement Code will be published on the GOV.UK website and relevant persons must have regard to it. 6 Authorisation and approval 6.1 The exercise of powers of entry should be provided for by the relevant legislation. 6.2 There should