ASSESSMENT 1Identify fire hazards Identify: Sources of ignition Sources of fuel Sources of oxygen 2Identify people at risk Identify: People in and around the premises People especially at risk 3Evaluate, remove, reduce and protect from risk Evaluate the risk of a fire occurring Evaluate the risk to people from fire Remove or reduce fire hazards Remove or reduce the risks to people • Detection and warning • Fire-fighting • Escape routes • Lighting • Signs and notices • Maintenance 4Record, plan, inform, instruct and train Record significant finding and action taken Prepare an emergency plan Inform and instruct relevant people; co-operate and co-ordinate with others Provide training 5 Review Keep assessment under review Revise where necessary Remember to keep to your fire risk assessment under review. Figure 1: The five steps of a fire risk assessment For a fire to start, three things are needed: • a source of ignition; • fuel; and • oxygen. If any one of these is missing, a fire cannot start. Taking measures to avoid the three coming together will therefore reduce the chances of a fire occurring. The remainder of this step will advise on how to identify potential ignition sources, the materials that might fuel a fire and the oxygen supplies that will help it burn. Figure 2: The fire triangle 1.1 Identify sources of ignition You can identify the potential ignition sources in your premises by looking for possible sources of heat which could get hot enough to ignite material found in your premises. These sources could include: • smokersÕ material, e.g. cigarettes, matches and lighters; • naked flames, e.g. candles or gas or liquid-fuelled open-flame equipment; • electrical, gas or oil-fired heaters (fixed or portable); • hot processes, e.g. welding by contractors or shrink wrapping; • cooking equipment; • faulty or misused electrical equipment; • lighting equipment, e.g. halogen lamps or display lighting too close to stored products; • hot surfaces and obstruction of equipment ventilation, e.g. office equipment; and • arson. Indications of Ônear-missesÕ, such as scorch marks on furniture or fittings, discoloured or charred electrical plugs and sockets, cigarette burns etc., can help you identify hazards which you may not otherwise notice. Figure 3: Sources of ignition 12 1.2 Identify sources of fuel Anything that burns is fuel for a fire. You need to look for the things that will burn reasonably easily and are in enough quantity to provide fuel for a fire or cause it to spread to another fuel source. Some of the most common ÔfuelsÕ found in offices and shops are: • flammable-liquid-based products, such as paints, varnishes, thinners and adhesives; • flammable liquids and solvents, such as white spirit, methylated spirit, cooking oils and disposable cigarette lighters; • flammable chemicals, such as certain cleaning products, photocopier chemicals and dry cleaning that uses hydrocarbon solvents; • packaging materials, stationery, advertising material and decorations; • plastics and rubber, such as video tapes, polyurethane foam-filled furniture and polystyrene-based display materials; • textiles and soft furnishings, such as