and ensure our processing is e?cient, allowing us to minimise costs while protecting the public e?ectively. However, an o?cer would still be available to decide and/or review any such decision. Any profiling must comply with our wider obligations under equality legislation. Data transfers outside of the European Economic Area (including The Common Travel Area) The UK GDPR applies to all personal data within the European Union, but rights may be enforced, where applicable, in other parts of the World. We may transfer personal information to authorities or organisations in countries outside the European Economic Area. This includes when you enter or seek to enter the Common Travel Area via Ireland, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. When we do, this will be for specific purposes. These may include, for example, validating aspects of your application, preventing or detecting of crime, including fraud, supporting returns or helping to identify or prevent those who may seek to enter or remain in the UK who may not comply with the conditions attached to their entry or leave to remain. When we do this, we seek to take appropriate steps to safeguard your information, for example by agreeing memoranda of understanding. We may rely on the derogation in Article 49(1)(d) of the UK GDPR where necessary. Transfers for criminal law enforcement will be carried out under section 73 of the Data Protection Act 2018, where necessary we may rely on section 76, but only when the special circumstances conditions are met. Contacting you using your personal information Beyond the normal processing of your application, we may use your personal information (for example, email address and mobile number) to send you prompts. For example, to remind you when your period of leave is coming to an end or to issue a renewal reminder in advance of the expiry of your membership of any premium passenger service, such as the Registered Traveller Service, to facilitate your renewal. In addition, we may use your details to seek feedback on the handling of your application to help us improve our services or for research purposes related to immigration matters. How long we keep your personal information for We will keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for permitted purposes. In the borders, immigration and citizenship system, we maintain a long-term record of immigration history and immigration o?ending to support future decision- making and enforce penalties. Personal data will be typically retained for 25 years after a decision to grant settlement or naturalisation and for 15 years after the last action in other cases. Information on foreign national o?enders may be retained until the death of the data subject. At the border, passenger name records data is retained for up to 5 years. Advance passenger information may be retained for 10 years. Arrest and detention records may be held for 6 years. We continue to keep retention periods under review to ensure they meet our role of securing the UK border and ensuring