o Outcome description (taken from CRR): Sustained period of heavy rain for two weeks; rising river levels over all regions; thousands of properties affected for 7 to 21 days; some risk to life; impact on roads and rail infrastructure. o Pre-flood: right up to the point where the water is about to breach the river banks, the Environment Agency (EA) will have issued a series of warnings to the public and other key stakeholders (i.e. Flood Watch, Flood Warning, and Severe Flood Warning). Therefore, the EA as the lead responder at this stage is the agency best placed to issue an alert in the run-up to the incident. o Flood response: once the multi-agency response is activated, and the emphasis changes to consequence management, the Police will coordinate all public safety messages, to ensure that a common message is being transmitted. In addition, all other Category 1 responders will be communicating with stakeholders that are specific to their own individual organisations (e.g. local authorities will communicate with their internal services, the voluntary agencies, schools, residential care homes, and elected members). Once the flood situation has receded, the EA will then issue an ÔAll ClearÕ message. At this stage, as the incident enters the recovery phase, the lead responder role will probably change from police to local authority. PAGE 9 o Outcome? In this example there are three major changes in lead responder for this scenario: Environment Agency Ð police Ð local authority. However, from a preparedness perspective, the task group may wish to select one agency to take the lead. Its role would be to lead on the preparations for (a) maintaining arrangements to warn and inform, and (b) to educate the public about risk. However, as indicated above all other Category 1 responders would have a duty to assist that lead agency in completing these tasks. No-notice type scenario: Toxic release o Outcome description (taken from CRR): Toxic chemical release, up to 3 km from site, resulting in a number of fatalities and casualties. o Pre-incident and response: There are three types of scenario considered here: the first is where the site is known, and is operated by a company governed by the COMAH, REPPIR, or PSR Regulations. The second involves a site that is not known, and is not governed by the aforementioned Regulations.1And finally, the third is a Ômobile incidentÕ Ð in other words, a tanker, ship, and rail carriage Ð an incident that can occur anywhere and at any time. Consider scenario 1. The site operator/ pipeline owner has a duty under COMAH / REPPIR/ PSR to provide safety information to the public working in, living in, or passing through its Public Information Zone (PIZ). This frequently takes the form of calendars and/ or letters. The site operator / pipeline owner also has a duty under the above legislation to warn the public of a major accident when they occur. However, the task group still needs to designate a lead responder(s) to ensure that warning and