is no longer prohibited and may be possessed on a firearm certificate. The prohibition on expanding ammunition which can only be used in a pistol remains. Exemptions 4.4 Section 5A(4) of the 1968 Act provides an exemption from the prohibition of expanding ammunition for pistols which is to be used in connection with any one or more of the following purposes: i. lawful shooting of deer; ii. shooting of vermin or, in the course of estate management, other wildlife (for more information see Chapter 12); iii. humane killing of animals; and iv. shooting animals for the protection of other animals or humans. 4.5 Persons who wish to acquire expanding ammunition for any of these purposes must first satisfy the chief officer of police that they have a Ôgood reasonÕ to possess a pistol for any of the above. Once this Ôgood reasonÕ requirement has been satisfied, the shooterÕs firearm certificate or visitorÕs permit must be conditioned to include expanding ammunition and, for home loaders, the bullets for such ammunition. The condition should restrict the use of the bullets or ammunition to the precise purpose for which it is intended (see also Chapter 3). These exemptions apply only to use in England, Wales and Scotland, as Northern Ireland has its own legislation. 4.6 Section 5A(7) of the 1968 Act exempts dealers and their servants from the need for the authority of the Secretary of State or Scottish Ministers to possess, purchase, 30 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law acquire, sell or transfer any expanding ammunition for pistols, or the missile for any such ammunition, in the ordinary course of the business. Dealers may not possess any expanding ammunition for pistols for their private use unless they have a suitably conditioned firearm certificate. 31 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 5: Restrictions on the Possession, Handling and Distribution of Firearms and Ammunition 5.1 This chapter sets out some of the general requirements and prohibitions of the law on possession, purchase and acquisition of firearms and ammunition. It should be noted that additional information on many of these areas can be found in other parts of the guide. Definitions 5.2 Under sections 1 and 2 of the 1968 Act, it is an offence for a person Òto have in their possession or to purchase or acquireÓ a firearm or ammunition to which section 1 applies or a shot gun (but not shot gun cartridges) without holding the appropriate certificate. The case law suggests that possession is an absolute offence. It is not a valid defence that the defendant does not know that a bag in their possession contains a firearm (R v Steele 1993) or that a supposedly antique firearm is subject to certification (R v Howells 1997). Possession may be constructive (that is, having free access to the firearms rather than physically possessing them) (Sullivan v Earl of Caithness 1976). 5.3 In some (very restricted) circumstances certain categories of people may be authorised by the Act to Òhave in their possessionÓ firearms and/or