(c. 32) PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) Where a person is convicted of an offence under section 66(6) by reason of owning or keeping a dog in breach of a disqualification order, the court by which the person is convicted may order that all dogs owned or kept in breach of the order be taken into possession. (3) An order under subsection (1) or (2), so far as relating to any dog owned by the person to whom the disqualification order applies, must make provision for disposal of the dog. (4) Any dog taken into possession in pursuance of an order under subsection (1) or (2) that is not owned by the person subject to the disqualification order is to be dealt with in such manner as an appropriate court may order. (5) But an order under subsection (4) may not provide for the dog to beÑ (a) destroyed, or (b) disposed of for the purposes of vivisection. (6) A court may not make an order for disposal of the dog under subsection (4) unlessÑ (a) it has given the owner of the dog an opportunity to be heard, or (b) it is satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable to communicate with the owner. (7) Where a court makes an order under subsection (4) for the disposal of the dog, the owner of the dog may appeal against the order to the Crown Court. (8) In this sectionÑ Òappropriate courtÓ meansÑ (a) the magistratesÕ court which made the order under subsection (1) or (2), or (b) another magistratesÕ court acting for the same local justice area as that court; Òdisqualification orderÓ has the same meaning as in section 66. (9) In this section references to disposing of a dog do not includeÑ (a) destroying it, or (b) disposing of it for the purposes of vivisection. 68 Termination of disqualification order (1) A person who is subject to a disqualification order may apply to an appropriate court for the order to be terminated. (2) No application under subsection (1) may be madeÑ (a) before the end of the period of one year beginning with the date on which the disqualification order was made, (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 73 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be