for the perpetrator alongside clear accountability that the perpetrator is responsible for the harm caused. The Ministry of Justice published the report ‘Assessing Risk of Harm to Children and Parents in Private Law Children’s cases’ which considers how the family courts identify and respond to allegations of domestic abuse and other serious offences in cases involving disputes between parents about the arrangements for their children. The findings included identifying the need to ensure that children’s needs and wishes are at the centre of private law children proceedings and that procedures are designed to include domestic abuse as one of the central considerations where relevant (for further information, see the section ‘Family courts and special measures in the family courts’). Young people can also experience abuse in their own relationships (see the ‘Teenage relationship abuse’ section). Experiencing abuse in their own intimate relationships can be hugely damaging for young people and abuse in teenage relationships should be taken just as seriously as in adult relationships. The way children are treated by first responders and other professionals can have a significant impact on the extent to which they trust them and whether they feel safe 95 SafeLives. Children’s Insights England and Wales dataset 2015-18: Specialist children’s domestic abuse services: 2019. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance disclosing future experiences of abuse (see the ‘Responding to children and young people’ section in ‘Chapter 6 – Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’ for more information). Box 4.1: Case Study Case Study Carrie was supported by a specialist therapeutic counselling service aimed at children and young people, after experiencing her father abusing her mother, who are now separated. Carrie had been present when her father was abusive towards her mother and had also been directly affected by her father’s coercive and controlling behaviours. Carrie has contact with her father, and wanted this, but she was struggling to make sense of her feelings. It was felt that independent counselling would help her to understand her emotions and manage how she was feeling. Carrie was offered over ten counselling sessions which took place at her school. Her counsellor used creative interventions like mindfulness, therapeutic play, and metaphoric image work (which can help people to step outside of themselves and process feelings at a safe distance). Through these interventions, Carrie and her counsellor explored her fears and anxieties; her relationships at home and at school; things within and beyond her sphere of control; and feeling and staying safe. By the end of the counselling sessions, Carrie had an improved sense of what is and what is not within her control, and better able to identify abusive behaviours. She became less anxious and fearful at home, and more able to manage difficult and complicated emotions. She also felt more confident communicating her own wants and needs. Further information about responding to domestic abuse, supporting and safeguarding victims, including children as victims, is set out in ‘Chapter 6 – Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’ and ‘Chapter 7 – Multi-Agency response to