paper * the quality of the storage wallets, folders and boxes used * incorrect handling The Operations Manager (Crime Justice & Standards) will ensure equipment and facilities used for current records storage is fit for purpose and safe from unauthorised access, meeting fire regulations and providing reasonable protection from water, rodent or other damage, at the same time permitting maximum approved accessibility to the information and commensurate with its frequency of use. A business continuity plan must be in place to provide protection for records which are vital to the continued functioning of the Force. Exhibits Exhibits will be stored in accordance with the Force Policy and Procedure for the Seizure, Storage Retention and Disposal of Special Property. Preservation of Electronic Records The preservation of electronic records presents a more complex challenge, known as digital obsolescence. Not only must one preserve the physical storage medium (e.g. CD ROM), but one also requires the hardware on which to play the media (e.g. CD drive) and software to read the data on the media and present it to the user in a comprehensible way (e.g. a compatible version MS Word etc.). The absence of any one of these three conditions will make the record irretrievable. Once digital obsolescence has occurred, even if the situation can be remedied, it is often extremely expensive to do so. One solution to digital obsolescence is to store data on networked servers and migrate data onto new media and software as technology advances. This is particularly effective in organisations where the information contained within records is more important than the way that information is displayed. Where records are migrated across changes in technology, the Force will ensure that they remain authentic and accurate. If this is not possible, the reason and risk to the organisation will be fully documented by the Information Asset Owner. To minimise the risk of records being overlooked during a migration exercise, electronic files should not be stored on local drives / discs or removable media unless there is a genuine business need (i.e. sealed master discs for use in court cases). Where files are created and/or updated using mobile or portable computing devices (e.g. laptops), it is the responsibility of the user to ensure that these files are transferred onto the central system within 72hrs so that they can be backed up. Users should be aware that until the files are backed up, they remain at risk and could potentially be lost in the event of a problem with the portable device. It is the responsibility of business area leads to ensure that the information held within their IT systems can be and is preserved over time. The requirement to preserve electronic information in accordance with the ForceÕs disposal schedules must be incorporated into the Statement of Requirements for all future procurement of electronic data management applications. All line of Line of Business Applications are backed-up. However this does not mean that the information is in a format that can be swiftly