competence of that Assembly and would deal with a transferred matter (within the meaning given by section 4(1) of the Northern Ireland Act 1998). (i) 2 Exceptions 2.1 The Code does not override specific statutory powers to conduct routine inspections or to enter premises for enforcement purposes nor does it apply where the power of entry is granted through an order of a court where that order is made under court powers defined in legislation. (This is distinct from an existing power of entry being exercised following authorisation by a warrant of a court). 2.2 This Code does not apply to the entry to premises for purposes and in circumstances which are subject to a separate statutory Code of Practice. 2.3 For example, PACE Code B, issued under section 66 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) relates to the search of premises and seizure of property by police officers. Section 67(9) of PACE 1984 requires persons other than police officers who are charged with the duty of investigating offences or charging offenders to have regard to that Code. Paragraph 2.5 of that Code states that it does not apply if the exercise of a power is not dependent on the existence of grounds for suspecting that an offence may have been committed and the person exercising the power has no reasonable grounds for such suspicion. Therefore in circumstances where that Code does not apply, and if no other relevant Code does apply, then relevant persons should have regard to this Code. 2.4 It may be the case that the circumstances requiring entry to premises change during the course of a visit. For example, a routine inspection carried out under this Code of Practice may reveal suspicion of an offence having been committed. The purpose of the visit may then become a search for evidence of the offence. This may require that this Code ceases to apply and the exercise of powers be continued under PACE Code B. 2.5 The guidance and considerations at sections 6-7, 10-12 and 14-25 of this Code need not apply where a relevant person is acting as a private individual. A private individual should act reasonably and with respect for persons and property when exercising a statutory power of entry.1 3 Avoiding Discrimination 3.1 The Equality Act 2010 makes it unlawful to discriminate against, harass or victimise any person on the grounds of age, disability, gender reassignment, race, religion or belief, sex, sexual orientation, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity in the discharge of an authorised persons powers. This applies to the exercise of powers of entry. 1 The considerations described in these sections need not apply in these circumstances as they depend on the relevant person being part of a public authority or other organisation. 4 Definitions used in this Code 4.1 ÔRelevant personÕ means any person exercising a power of entry or associated power, other than a devolved power of entry or devolved associated power, unless such exercise is subject