will be sufficient having regard to the degree of risk of an occurrence, recurrence or increase such as is mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b). (4) An extension or reduction under this section of the period for which an order has effect must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. (5) An expedited order may be extended or reduced under this section more than once.] 61 Variation and discharge of orders (1) Where a public spaces protection order [F12or expedited order] is in force, the local authority that made the order may vary itÑ (a) by increasing or reducing the restricted area; (b) by altering or removing a prohibition or requirement included in the order, or adding a new one. (2) A local authority may [F13under subsection (1)(a) make a variation to a public spaces protection order] that results in the order applying to an area to which it did not previously apply only if the conditions in section 59(2) and (3) are met as regards activities in that area. [F14(2A) A local authority may under subsection (1)(a) make a variation to an expedited order that results in the order applying to an area to which it did not previously apply only if the conditions in section 59A(2) to (4) are met as regards that area.] (3) A local authority may make a variation under subsection (1)(b) that makes a prohibition or requirement more extensive, or adds a new one, only if the prohibitions and requirements imposed by the order as varied are ones that section 59(5) [F15or 59A(6) (as the case may be)] allows to be imposed. (4) A public spaces protection order [F16or expedited order] may be discharged by the local authority that made it. (5) Where an order is varied, the order as varied must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. (1) 38 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) Where an order is discharged, a notice identifying the order and stating the date when it ceases to have effect must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. Prohibition on consuming alcohol 62 Premises etc to which alcohol prohibition does not apply (1) A prohibition in a public spaces protection order [F17or expedited order] on consuming alcohol does not apply toÑ (a) premises (other than council-operated licensed premises) authorised by a premises licence to be