not become a potential source of ignition. Voids Voids (including roof voids) should not be used for the storage of combustible material. Such voids should be sealed off or kept entirely open to allow for easy access for inspection and the removal of combustible materials. Combustible waste and packaging Delivery of some goods results in large quantities of combustible waste and packaging. The sighting use and removal of these materials needs to be carefully managed to ensure that they cannot come into contact with potential ignition sources and to not cause obstructions. 1.3 Dangerous substances: storage, display and use Specific precautions are required when handling and storing dangerous substances to minimise the possibility of an incident. Your supplier should be able to provide detailed advice on safe storage and handling, however, the following principles will help you reduce the risk from fire: • substitute highly flammable substances and materials with less flammable ones; • reduce the quantity of dangerous substances to the smallest reasonable amount necessary for running the business or organisation; • • correctly store dangerous substances, e.g. in a fire-resisting enclosure. All flammable liquids and gases should ideally be locked away, especially when the premises are unoccupied, to reduce the chance of them being used in an arson attack; and • ensure that you and your employees are aware of the fire risk the dangerous substances present and the precautions necessary to avoid danger. Additional general fire precautions may be needed to take account of the additional risks that may be posed by the storage and use of these substances. Certain substances and materials are by their nature, highly flammable, oxidising or potentially explosive. These substances are controlled by other legislation in addition to fire safety law, in particular the Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmospheres Regulations20027 (also see the HSEÕs Approved Code of Practice and guidance8). Flammable liquids Highly flammable liquids present a particularly high fire risk. For example, a leak from a container of flammable solvents, such as methylated spirit, will produce large quantities of heavier-than-air flammable vapours. These can travel large distances, increasing the likelihood of their reaching a source of ignition well away from the original leak, such as a basement containing heating plant and/or electrical equipment on automatic timers. The risk is reduced by ensuring the storage and use of highly flammable liquids is carefully managed, that materials contaminated with solvent are properly disposed of (Figure 15) and when not in use, they are safely stored. Up to 50 litres may be stored in a fire-resisting cabinet or bin that will contain any leaks (Figure 16). In retail premises the quantity of flammable liquids on display should be kept to the minimum to meet business needs. Figure 15: A fire-resisting pedal bin for rags Figure 16: A 50 litre storage bin for flammables There should be no potential ignition sources in areas where flammable liquids are used or stored and flammable concentrations of vapours may be present. Any electrical equipment used in these areas,