designation under section 38. (4) In exercising or performing any power or duty in reliance on the collaboration designation, C is to be takenÑ (a) as exercising or performing that power or duty in reliance on that collaboration designation (and not in reliance on any designation under section 38); and (a) 94 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 1 Ð Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) accordingly, as not being a designated person (within the meaning of section 46(1)) by virtue of any designation under section 38. (5) Expressions used in this section and section 38B have the same meanings in this section as in section 38B.] 39 Police powers for contracted-out staff (1) This section applies if a [F421local policing body] has entered into a contract with a person (Òthe contractorÓ) for the provision of services relating to the detention or escort of persons who have been arrested or are otherwise in custody. (2) The chief officer of police of the police force maintained by that [F421local policing body] may designate any person who is an employee of the contractor as either or both of the followingÑ (a) a detention officer; or (b) an escort officer. (3) A person designated under this section shall have the powers and duties conferred or imposed on him by the designation. (4) A chief officer of police shall not designate a person under this section unless he is satisfied that that personÑ (a) is a suitable person to carry out the functions for the purposes of which he is designated; (b) is capable of effectively carrying out those functions; and (c) has received adequate training in the carrying out of those functions and in the exercise and performance of the powers and duties to be conferred on him by virtue of the designation. (5) A chief officer of police shall not designate a person under this section unless he is satisfied that the contractor is a fit and proper person to supervise the carrying out of the functions for the purposes of which that person is designated. (6) Powers and duties may be conferred or imposed on a designated person by means only of the application to him by his designation of provisions of the applicable Part of Schedule 4 that are to apply to the designated person; and for this purpose the applicable Part of that Schedule isÑ (a) in the case of a person designated as a detention officer, Part 3; and (b) in the case of