59A(2)(b), Òthe necessary consentsÓ means the consent ofÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area that includes the restricted area, and (b) a person authorised by the appropriate NHS authority. (6) In this sectionÑ Òappropriate authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a school maintained by a local authority, the governing body; (b) in relation to any other school or a 16 to 19 Academy, the proprietor; Òappropriate NHS authorityÓ meansÑ (a) if the order was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on sub-paragraph (i) of section 59A(2)(b), the NHS body mentioned in that sub-paragraph; (b) if the order was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on sub-paragraph (ii) of section 59A(2)(b) and the site is in England, the UK Health Security Agency; (c) if the order was made, or is proposed to be made, in reliance on that sub-paragraph and the site is in Wales, the Local Health Board for the area in which the site is located. (7) In this section ÒproprietorÓ, in relation to a school or a 16 to 19 Academy, has the meaning given in section 579(1) of the Education Act 1996. 72B Consultation and notifications after making expedited order (1) A local authority must carry out the necessary consultation as soon as reasonably practicable after making an expedited order. (2) In subsection (1) Ònecessary consultationÓ means consulting with the following about the terms and effects of the orderÑ (a) the chief officer of police, and the local policing body, for the police area that includes the restricted area; (b) whatever community representatives the local authority thinks it appropriate to consult; (c) the owner or occupier of land within the restricted area. (3) A local authority must carry out the necessary notification (if any) as soon as reasonably practicable afterÑ (a) making an expedited order, (b) extending or reducing the period for which an expedited order has effect, or (c) varying or discharging an expedited order. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 95 PART 4 Ð Unauthorised encampments CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) In subsection (3) Ònecessary notificationÓ means notifying the following of the extension, reduction, variation or dischargeÑ (a) the parish council or community council (if any) for the area that includes the restricted area; (b) in the case of an expedited order made by a district council in England, the county council (if any) for the area that includes the restricted area; (c) the owner or occupier of land within the restricted