serve underserved populations, revitalizing struggling businesses and areas.9 Implementation The CDFI grant program will be application-based, requiring Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) to prove how they plan to support new economic development and outline a detailed funding roadmap. This approach builds on the successful model of New York’s Small Business Seed Funding Grant Program (BSFG Program), which operated similarly.16 Both programs rely on an application-based system administered by the state, require the signature of the Governor to pursue their directives and give lump-sum funding to businesses in need. Grant sizes will vary based on each CDFI’s previous gross payouts, ensuring larger institutions receive funding proportionate to their needs while smaller CDFIs obtain adequate resources to expand operations. This tiered structure avoids a one-size-fits-all approach, empowering institutions of all sizes. Again, previous programs like the BSFG have operated exactly like this, proving the feasibility and giving a model for this program’s success.17 Some business owners in upstate New York may be concerned about prioritizing CDFIs over other lending institutions. CDFIs often require additional steps to demonstrate community impact, like maintaining community partnerships and may be less accessible to business owners outside underserved areas.18 However, it is important to then articulate the primary reason for these grants: to grow small business operations, bring economic growth to underperforming areas, and help marginalized communities become more economically mobile. Past precedent proves that CDFIs are effective at reaching targeted demographics: while traditional banks often exclude marginalized communities because of ingrained mistrust, high collateral expectations, and inconvenient geography, CDFI recipients are 60% people of color, 50% women, and 28% rural residents.19,20 As such, CDFIs can provide for the most diversified overall growth, which is essential to revitalize an area in need of economic growth injections. With CDFIs being a potential savior for underserved New York communities, it is important to utilize strict CDFI regulations that ensure the safety and efficacy of these institutions. The Department of Treasury outlines steps that states like New York can take to monitor their CDFIs, including expressed punishments for violations in the CDFI application, listed illegal and inconsistent practices and clearly expressed ways that CDFIs must contribute to community-level goals.21 Following these standards will create an application system that is free, fair, and economically beneficial to all involved. By enhancing the lending power of CDFI’s, business growth along the I-90 corridor is expected. When semiconductor jobs come to the corridor as a result of the CHIPS Act, the local economies will already have a baseline for growth. They can appropriately reap the benefits of the federal grant program. By enhancing local economies before the federal grant money becomes available, the New York government can ensure I-90 cities and towns experience steady, upward growth instead of unstable economic swings that may come from an infusion of jobs and factories to areas vastly unprepared to serve them. Works Cited “Hochul Celebrates Federal Award to Empower New York Businesses to Access Opportunities.” Governor Kathy Hochul, December 19, 2023. https://www.governor.ny.gov/news/ governor-hochul-celebrates-federal- award-empower-new-york- businesses-access-opportunities. “5 Crucial