York City, there has been fierce local opposition to the construction of affordable housing within wealthy neighborhoods, as evidenced by recent disputes in Windsor Terrace.8 However, with effective advertising of the policy proposal’s extremely pertinent benefits of increased housing availability and decreased property prices to New York City’s Council Members, the Council floor will surely push the policy to be approved. If passed, the first step of this policy proposal entails an extensive geographical survey (conducted by the New York State Geological Survey) of all the underutilized, unused, and single- family lots within New York City. Due to New York City’s capacious area and diverse intra-district needs, such a survey will take well over a year to complete. After the survey is completed, neighborhoods with the highest number of underutilized and unused lots will be prioritized over neighborhoods with fewer underutilized lots. Emptier neighborhoods must be prioritized because empirical evidence states that the neighborhoods with the highest number of unused lots in New York City are economically depressed.3 Conveying the funds from the five percent property tax on unused and underutilized lots to the most economically depressed New York City neighborhoods will allow New York City to perform directed residential development in the most in-need neighborhoods (based on numerical figures from vacantlandnyc.com). Civil society organizations and advocates for affordable housing (such as the Metropolitan Council on Housing) would be the most ardent supporters of such a policy proposal. In fact, advocacy from the aforementioned groups for this policy proposal would ensure that this policy proposal would pass on the Council floor, thereby ameliorating New York City’s dire housing crisis. Works Cited Rothman, Larry. “Analyzing 100 Years of Real Estate Price History in Manhattan.” ELIKA New York, 18 Oct. 2016, www.elikarealestate.com/blog/traci ng-buying-real-estate-new-york- past-100-years/. “What Are the Average Salaries in New York City? (2023).” HousingAnywhere, housinganywhere.com/New-York-- United-States/average-salary-in- nyc. “NYC Vacant Land.” Vacantlandnyc.com, 2024, vacantlandnyc.com/. “Vacancy Market in New York.” ATTOM, 23 Aug. 2023, www.attomdata.com/solutions/mark et-trends-data/zombie-foreclosures- report/vacancy-market-in-new- york/. Cartier, Brad. “What Is Upzoning, and What Does It Mean for Investors?” The Motley Fool, www.fool.com/investing/stock- market/market-sectors/real-estate- investing/commercial-real- estate/upzoning/. “The Geography of New Housing Development.” Furmancenter.org, furmancenter.org/stateofthecity/vie w/the-geography-of-new-housing. Sichelman, Lew. “Brownfield Sites Become Gold for One Company.” Builder, 11 Feb, 2004, www.builderonline.com/building/re gulation-policy/brownfield-sites- become-gld-for-one-company_o. Accessed 8 Nov. 2024. Brand, David. “In Windsor Terrace, a Housing Dispute Ensnares Mayor Adams’ Sweeping Reform Plan.” Gothamist, 2024, gothamist.com/news/in-windsor- terrace-a-housing-dispute-ensnares- mayor-adams-sweeping-reform- plan. Accessed 8 Nov. 2024.. Growing Towards Equity: Tackling Food Desserts and Emissions through Community Gardens By Alix Kerebel, ak2755@cornell.edu Our current food production and distribution system leaves vulnerable Americans and our planet behind. The US government can close gaps in food security through new grants for community gardens in lower-income communities. Background Millions of Americans do not have access to the food necessary for a healthy lifestyle, a condition described as food insecurity. As of 2024, nearly 14% of Americans experience food insecurity.1 This proportion has remained relatively constant since 2001, despite numerous advancements in agriculture and technology.1 While food insecurity touches Americans across demographics, certain groups