such, committees are the primary focus of this proposal. First, committees would possess equal numbers of majority and minority party members. A bill would need to pass two 50% vote thresholds to (1) initiate the vetting process and (2) release the bill from the committee. If a bill is truly subpar, it would require bipartisan agreement to kill it in committee. After being released, bills would automatically be placed on the House calendar in order of receipt, eliminating the primary source of leadership’s agenda- setting powers. Finally, the vote threshold for future rules package adjustments would be increased to a two-thirds majority, thus hindering future undoings of these reforms. Policy Analysis Precedence for this proposal can be found both domestically and abroad. In the 1910s progressive Republicans, angered by the centralization and abuse of power under Speaker Joe Cannon, transferred agenda-setting powers from leadership to committees.17 The Rules Committee, controlling all aspects of the House floor, became bipartisan instead of possessing a majority party supermajority.18 This arrangement produced a record of bills passed and increased bipartisan interactions.19 The era of decentralized House rules largely ended when Democrats bypassed the aforementioned Rules Committee in the 1960s. Decentralization’s demise was finalized when the Democratic- majority House passed a rules package restoring centralization. This vote's narrow and partisan nature underscores the necessity of this proposed rules package’s supermajoritarian safeguard.20 This two-thirds majority requirement is based upon constitutional standards in cases where institutional resistance to change is desired, such as for impeachment convictions and constitutional amendments.21 Taiwan provides a foreign case study. In the late twentieth century, reforms equalized party representation and delegated power to individual members.22 There was a resulting increase in policymaking activity (including for matters previously lacking saliency) and a decrease in interparty antagonism.22 While the majority party’s agenda faced increased hardships, one could argue that was more a result of veto powers being handed to minority parties rather than changes in committee structure. Contrary to the Taiwanese reforms, this proposal does not negate popular mandate, with final bill votes requiring a simple majority immune from minority vetoes. Secondly, the initial strain on Taiwanese legislative and executive bureaucracies appears to have diminished in the decades since the reform.23 The proposed rules package counters possible inefficiencies through leadership’s ability to enact closed rules, bypassing the amendment process.24 One could argue the automated agenda placement of bills is unnecessary as discharge petitions already exist. However, these petitions are inefficient due to their tedious requirements.25 Highlights The current House leadership structure disincentivizes bipartisanship, fails to promote important bills lacking political saliency, and holds the Speaker hostage to intraparty minorities.1,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14, 15,16 A rules package should be implemented that makes committees more bipartisan, eliminates leadership’s formal agenda-setting powers via the automatic placement of bills on the agenda, and mandates a supermajority’s approval to implement rules changes. Case studies of the 20th- century House of Representatives and Taiwan’s Legislative Yuan showcase the potential of this policy to bolster legislative productivity and promote bipartisanship.17,18,19,22,23 Implementation The primary weakness