be issued for the offences of littering, or unauthorised distribution of free printed material.8 The police may be called to assist if the offender refuses to provide their details, or provides false details. A police community support officer (PCSO) may detain the offender for up to 30 minutes before a police constable arrives. If a person refuses to supply their details, or provides false details, they may be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. 11J.0 Issuing civil penalties for littering from vehicles Introduction 11J.1 The Littering from Vehicles Outside London (Keepers: Civil Penalties) Regulations 2018 enable district councils in England (outside London), and the Council for the Isles of Scilly, to issue a civil penalty notice to the keeper of a vehicle from which litter is thrown.9 In this context, ÒdistrictÓ includes authorities which may call themselves district, metropolitan, borough, unitary or any other name: it simply means the council for the district. London boroughs have similar but separate powers under the London Local Authorities Acts 2007 and 2012.10 9 SI 2018/171 http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2018/171/contents/made 10 London Councils has provided guidance to London boroughs on the use of these powers. https://www.londoncouncils.gov.uk/download/file/fid/893 11J.2 Under the Regulations, and in this guidance, enforcing authorities with the power to issue these civil penalties are known as Òlitter authoritiesÓ. 11J.3 A civil penalty is a civil fine which unlike a criminal penalty, does not carry the risk of a criminal prosecution. 11J.4 The ÔkeeperÕ of a vehicle is presumed to be the Ôregistered keeperÕ, but evidence may be provided by showing that the vehicle was ÔkeptÕ by another person at the relevant time: the liability to pay the civil penalty rests with the keeper of the vehicle at the time of the offence. Relationship between civil penalties for littering from vehicles and fixed penalties in lieu of prosecution 11J.5 Only one penalty, either a civil penalty, or a fixed penalty in lieu of prosecution may be issued in respect of any one littering offence. Either type of penalty may be cancelled by the enforcing authority at any time before it is paid (see section 11N.0 below for further information on cancelling penalties). 11J.6 If a civil penalty notice is issued but is then cancelled it before it is paid, a fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution may still be issued in respect of the same offence. 11J.7 If a civil penalty notice is issued and it is paid, no further enforcement action ((either a fixed penalty notice or prosecution) may be taken against anybody for the same littering offence. 11J.8 If a civil penalty is issued but, before it is paid either: • prosecution proceedings are brought against anyone; OR • a fixed penalty notice in lieu of prosecution is issued in respect of the same offence, the vehicle keeperÕs liability to pay the civil penalty notice is discharged and the civil penalty notice cannot be pursued further. This applies whether or not any prosecution is successful.