the non-lead Category 1 responders.28 They must: o co-operate with the lead Category 1 responder in performance of the duty; o provide information to the lead Category 1 responder which will assist in performance of the duty; and o assist the lead responder in any exercises or training in connection with the duty. The non-lead Category 1 responders do not themselves need to perform the duty to an extent that would unnecessarily duplicate what the lead Category 1 responder is doing.29 However, if the non-lead responder is not satisfied with the way the lead responder is performing the duty, then (after exhausting other remedies) it should determine for itself how it will carry out the duty. 2.34. The requirement on a Category 1 responder to co-operate with another Category 1 responder in the performance of its duty (for example, by taking part in a joint exercise) applies where the former is the lead responder and the 2.1. latter is a non-lead responder. 30 Category 2 responders are also required to assist the lead Category 1 responder when it is carrying out duties on behalf 28 regulation 11 29 regulation 11(2)(d) 30 regulation 11(2)(c) PAGE 18 of a number of responders to the same extent that they would be required to assist the individual Category 1 Responders. 2.35. A decision by the relevant local Category 1 responders not to co-operate with identifying a lead responder in relation to a particular duty leaves them potentially all equally responsible for the performance of that duty. 2.36. In practice, local responders have tended to operate in accordance with the above lead responder principle on an informal or customary basis. Joint discharge and delegation of functions 2.37. In some instances, Category 1 responders will wish to go beyond direct or bilateral co-operation and enter into joint arrangements with other Category 1 responders. This is permitted by the regulations and can take two forms: o exercising responsibilities jointly. In this case, two or more Category 1 responders would agree that an aspect of the duties was best performed by working together. For example, a number of local authorities may decide to form a single civil preparedness unit, and staff and fund it jointly to deliver their responsibilities under the Act; 31 and o delegating responsibility entirely. For example, a local authority might decide to delegate some or all of its responsibilities to the local fire and rescue service.32 31 regulation 8(a) 32 regulation 8(b) PAGE 19 2.38. In both these instances, all Category 1 responders covered by the decision have to agree that joint arrangements are appropriate and make associated agreements in terms of transfer and other resources. Of course, they each retain ultimate ownership of their own functions and are ultimately responsible for the performance of their duties; they must therefore be satisfied that they are being delivered correctly. Local Resilience Forum 2.39. Under the regulations, Category 1 responders must form a Local Resilience Forum (LRF) as part of their obligation to co-operate with each