member of staff in the course of employment as such a member of staff. Incidental powers 7 (1) A chief constable may do anything which is calculated to facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the exercise of the functions of chief constable. (2) That includesÑ (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Chief constables Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 161 (a) entering into contracts and other agreements (whether legally binding or not), but only with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner; (b) acquiring and disposing of property, apart from land, but only with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner. F198(3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (4) Sub-paragraph (2)(a) does not require the chief constable to obtain the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner in order to enter into a contract or other agreement with a personÑ (a) by virtue of which the person becomes, or is, a member of the police force's civilian staff, or (b) which otherwise relates to the person's membership of that civilian staff (including the terms and conditions of the person's membership). (5) This paragraph is subject to the other provisions of this Act and to any other enactment about the powers of chief constables. [F199Financial arrangements etc 7A (1) A chief constable may, by way of temporary loan or overdraft from a bank or otherwise, borrow sums temporarily required by the chief constable, but onlyÑ (a) for the purpose of meeting expenses pending the receipt of revenues receivable by the chief constable in respect of the period of account in which the expenses are chargeable, (b) in sterling, and (c) with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner. (2) A chief constableÑ (a) may not borrow money except as permitted by sub-paragraph (1); (b) may not enter into a credit arrangement. (3) A chief constable may investÑ (a) for any purpose relevant to the chief constable's functions under any enactment, or (b) for the purpose of the prudent management of the chief constable's financial affairs, (a) 162 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Chief constables Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) but only with the consent of the relevant police and crime commissioner. (4) The following provisions of Part 1 of the Local Government Act 2003 (capital finance etc and accounts) apply in relation to a chief constable