in an area. o Agenda groups: There are a range of bodies that can act as a conduit for BCM promotion work (e.g. Local Strategic Partnerships, Crime and Disorder Reduction Partnerships). o Commercial BCM providers: Commercial organisations providing a range of BCM services may be willing to sponsor business continuity initiatives or events. o Individual businesses: Experience has shown that gaining the support of larger firms is important in taking forward a BCM promotion programme. Larger firms are more likely to be familiar with the discipline of BCM, and may already have established relationships with Category 1 and 2 responders. They may provide useful support in establishing business continuity seminars and companies - or large well-established voluntary bodies - in their area. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are also crucial to the UK forums, and give assistance in raising the profile of BCM within the business community (e.g. through supply-chain leadership, membership of associations). Professional services firms (e.g. banks, accountants) may be willing to distribute information through their websites. (See case studies 3 and 5 in Box 8.3.) Targeting advice Size of organisations 8.75. BCM arrangements are crucial to the sustainability of all organisations. Local authorities should not assume that business continuity is well established in the large national or multi-national companies - or large well-established voluntary bodies - in their area. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are also crucial to the UK economy, accounting for some 99.9% of the UKÕs 4.8 million businesses. They account for 59.8% of the number in employment in the private sector and generate 49 per cent of private sector turnover. In total, turnover in SMEs is estimated to be £1.589 billion (Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, October 2010 http:// www.bis.gov.uk/assets/biscore/statistics/docs/b/bpe_2010_stats_release.pdf). 8.76. Local authorities should ensure that materials used are appropriate to the needs of businesses, which may vary considerably. While the underpinning principles remain the same, the approach taken when approaching a small owner-managed firm will be different to that taken with a large, well-established firm. Local authorities will need to be proactive in engaging the SME community, and ensure that materials are pitched at the right level. 8.1. 8.77. It may be helpful to think of the business community in terms of the following definitions used by the Department for Business Industry and Skills: o Micro firm: 0-9 employees o Small firm: 10-49 employees o Medium firm: 50-249 employees o Large firm: Over 250 employees 8.78. Where it is not possible to engage smaller businesses directly in a community resilience initiative, it may be possible to include them through a variety of umbrella groups that can disseminate information and advice. This can be achieved through groups such as the Chamber of Commerce, Business Link, The Federation of Small Businesses and Local Retail Initiatives. Voluntary organisations can be reached through local Voluntary Service Councils, Social Councils, Volunteer Bureaux and other local umbrella bodies. (See case studies 4, 5 and 6 in Box 8.3.) Added value 8.79. Local authorities may wish to focus on