calibre; length: minimum ? the length of the barrel from the forcing cone). 5.2 Barrel: A hole must be drilled across the chamber through both walls and through which a hardened steel pin must be inserted and securely welded (diameter > 50 % chamber, min 4,5 mm). The same pin can be used to secure the barrel to the action. Alternatively, a plug of the size of the cartridge case must be inserted into the chamber and securely welded. 5.3 Barrel: Remove the feed ramp where present. 5.4 Barrel: The barrel must be permanently secured to the firearm by welding, bonding or by using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. The pin used in operation 5.2 can be used for this purpose. 5.5 Barrel: For exchange barrels not a?xed to the firearm, apply operations 5.1-5.4 as Guidance Notes Note - 5.4 does not apply to exchange barrels. Exchange applicable. In addition, the barrels must be barrels for repeating long permanently prevented from being a?xed to firearms may only be submitted a firearm by cutting, welding, bonding or using appropriate measures with the equivalent degree of permanence. 5.6 Breech block/bolt head: Remove or shorten firing pin. 5.7 Breech block/bolt head: Machine or remove the breech face at an angle of between 45 and 75 degrees as measured from the angle of the original face. Material must be removed across the entire breech face. All locking lugs must be removed or substantially weakened. 5.8 Breech block/bolt head: Weld the firing pin hole. as part of a factory set and not as individual barrels; they should be serial numbered accordingly. Details of the barrels submitted will be recorded on the deactivation certificate of the firearm they are submitted with. 5.9 Trigger mechanism: Ensure destruction of the As long as the physical link to physical operating link between the trigger the firing mechanism is blade and the hammer, striker or sear. Fuse destroyed, it is acceptable for the trigger mechanism together with weld within receiver/frame, where applicable. If the trigger blade and any external hammer be left free to such fusion of the trigger mechanism is not move. However, they must be possible, remove the trigger mechanism and independent of each other and fill the area with weld or epoxy resin. 5.1 Trigger mechanism: The trigger mechanism and/or housing has to be welded to the receiver/frame (in case of steel frame) or glued to the receiver/frame with high temperature resistant glue (in case of light metal or polymer frame). not linked in any way. 5.11 Magazines: Weld the magazine with spots or The term magazine refers to use appropriate measures with the detachable magazines only, equivalent degree of permanence, depending NOT internal magazines such as on type of arm and material to prevent removing the magazine. those fitted to K98, etcÉ 5.12 Magazines: If the magazine is missing, place It is acceptable to modify a spots of weld or use appropriate measures in magazine well by welding a 5.11 the magazine location