for, or report on, particular issues or functions; and o discuss and co-ordinate the non-emergency service responses to emergencies which require a multi-agency strategic approach but which do not require the attention of Permanent Secretaries or Ministers. o 12.20. The group is chaired by a senior official from the OFMDFM. Its membership includes senior representatives from the bodies listed in Box 12.1. Box 12.1: membership of the CCG(NI) CCG(NI) • Civil Contingencies Policy Branch (CCPB) • Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service • 12 Northern Ireland departments • Local Government Emergency Management Group (LGEMG) • Northern Ireland Office (NIO) • Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) • Executive Information Service • Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) • Food Standards Agency Northern Ireland • Northern Ireland Ambulance Service 12.21. As well as representing their immediate organisations, members also represent the interests of associated regional, sub-regional and local public service organisations. 12.22. Various other co-ordination arrangements exist for planning and responding to specific situations. These are set up as needed by the key organisations involved. There are, for example, groups for flooding, overseas nuclear accidents and chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear issues. Local arrangements 12.23. Co-ordination at the local level may be facilitated by a range of organisations, depending on the nature and outcome of particular emergencies. The PSNI and the district councils have key roles to play in co-ordination at local level. 12.1. Cross-border arrangements 12.24. At local level, the emergency services have arrangements for co-ordinating the response to incidents at, or near, the border. Other arrangements are in place for co-ordinating information and efforts in areas such as public health emergencies and the response to nuclear accidents. These arrangements supplement national- level arrangements for co-ordination and co-operation through agencies such as the European Union. Further information 12.25. Further information can be found in the CCPB document A Guide to Emergency Planning Arrangements in Northern Ireland. This, and other documents on civil contingencies arrangements mentioned in this chapter, are available from the CCPB website.www. ofmdfmni.gov.uk/index/making-government-work/civilcontingencies.htm 12.1. Chapter 13 Support and challenge Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 13 (Support and challenge) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version PAGE 2 WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE Monitoring by the Government and by local responders 13.1. The Act gives a Minister 1 powers to require: o the provision of information about actions taken by a Category 1 or 2 responder in the performance of its Part 1 duties 2; and o an explanation as to why the responder has not taken action to comply with its duties under Part 1 of the Act.3 Box 13.1: How monitoring powers might be used The Government would be most likely to use its monitoring powers to probe perceived systemic failures in the operation of the Act. For example, if a particular class of Category 2 responder is not sharing information about its local sectoral arrangements, Category 1 responders would be likely to bring this to the attention of their representative