our reform programme Ð how we intend to do so is set out in the ÔGovernment actionÕ section below. 11. The majority of respondents (51%) agreed that a duty to act would have an adverse impact on the child protection system (such as impacting recruitment and retention of staff, and negatively impacting the serious case review process). A quarter of respondents (25%) were attracted to the idea of the duty to act. Two-thirds of respondents (67%) agreed that a duty to act would strengthen accountability in the system. Over half of respondents (57%) agreed that it would be more likely to improve outcomes for children than a duty focused solely on reporting. A number of respondents suggested that further consultation would be required should such a duty be developed in future. 12. Respondents were more concerned about the potential negative impact of introducing a mandatory reporting regime. Over two-thirds of respondents (68%) agreed that such a duty would have an adverse impact on the child protection system. Eighty-five percent (85%) of respondents agreed that mandatory reporting would not ensure that appropriate action would be taken to protect children. Just over two-thirds of respondents (70%) agreed that a statutory mandatory reporting duty would generate more child abuse and neglect reports, but a similar proportion of respondents (66%) agreed that it could divert attention from the most serious child abuse and neglect cases. 1 The term ÔpractitionersÕ was used throughout the consultation to refer to individuals who work with children in any capacity. 3 13. One argument made in individual responses to the consultation was for different forms of mandatory reporting based on reporting within Ôclosed institutionsÕ or Ôregulated activitiesÕ. These models, their rationale and the issues associated with them were described in annex B of the consultation materials. 14. A small number of individual respondents (including the Office of the ChildrenÕs Commissioner and the NSPCC) raised the idea of a concealment offence in relation to child abuse and neglect. It was felt this might address scenarios where there is a conflict between reporting and the potential reputational damage to an institution. 15. Additional recent research evidence not included within the summary of research in the consultation materials was also submitted through the consultation process, as requested within the consultation document itself.2 In formulating the Government response, all such material has been considered carefully. 2 References at annex C. 4 Government response This section sets out our assessment of responses to the consultation and the GovernmentÕs own response, considering the evidence and the impact of the options on which we consulted. Whilst we have not found conclusive evidence to show that reporting and referrals are a current systemic issue, there are significant concerns by a clear majority should mandatory reporting be introduced. A mandatory reporting duty or duty to act brings with it a range of risks which are outlined here, including the impact on identifying abuse and neglect, on practitionersÕ professional judgement, and for childrenÕs outcomes. 16. The Government has considered