has in relation to an emergency. The prohibition does not apply where a Category 1 or 2 responder is dealing with an information request under the Regulations or contributing to the Community Risk Register (CRR). 18 regulation 51(2) 3.39. The prohibition will not apply where the Category 1 or 2 responder receives an information request under the FOIA or the EIR. In such circumstances, Category 1 or 2 responders must consider the relevant enactment to determine whether or not the information should be released (bearing in mind that the presumption under FOIA is that all information will be disclosed). The right to information under each of those enactments is subject to exemptions on disclosure. In many cases, these will apply to sensitive information; but Category 1 or 2 responders should consider each case on its merits. 3.40. The Regulations 20 deal with the sharing of risk assessments to form the CRR. Where the risk assessment contains sensitive information, the Category 1 or 2 responder need not provide that information to the CRR where it considers that to do so would impair the confidentiality of that information or compromise the information. Note that there is no obligation under the Regulations to publish the CRR in its entirety. It is possible for a Category 1 or 2 responder to contribute a risk assessment to the CRR on condition that its risk assessment is not published. 20 regulation 15(3) PAGE 19 Figure 3.1: Relevant Persons or Organisations for Different Types of Security Information Type of sensitive information Person or organisation whose consent is needed Relates to national security and supplied indirectly or directly by one of the intelligence services. The intelligence service which supplied the information or a Minister of the Crown. Relates to national security but not supplied indirectly or directly by one of the intelligence services. (a) if the information is contained in a document which has been created by a public authority, that authority; (b) in other cases, the organisation which supplied the information or (if different) a Minister of the Crown. Relates to public safety and supplied indirectly or directly by one of the intelligence services. The intelligence service which supplied the information or a Minister of the Crown. Relates to public safety but not supplied indirectly or directly by one of the intelligence services. a) if the information is contained in a document which has been created by a public authority, that authority; (b) in other cases, the organisation which supplied the information or (if different) a Minister of the Crown. Relates to the business or other affairs of a person or organisation where disclosure would harm the legitimate business interests of that person or organisation. The person or organisation to whom the information relates. Relates to personal data and disclosure to a member of the public would contravene any of the data protection principles or s 10 DPA. The person to whom the personal data relates. HOW THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS MAY BE