exemption will not apply to firearms consigned to certain destinations. Further details on the UK export control licensing system, including guidance on the export of firearms, may be obtained from the gov.uk website prior to export. 27.26 Applications for export licences must be made to DIT via the SPIRE system and must be accompanied by the applicantÕs firearm or shot gun certificate or, in the case of a registered firearms dealer, a copy of the dealerÕs certificate or section 5 authority only if appropriate. 202 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 28: Authorisation of armed guards on UK registered ships Policy • The policy to allow the use of armed guards applies only in exceptional circumstances: - to ships transiting the area at risk of attack by pirates within the High Risk Area (HRA) which is bounded: in the Red Sea: northern limit: Latitude 15¡N; in the Gulf of Oman: Northern limit: Latitude 22¡N; Eastern limit: Longitude 065¡E; Southern limit: Latitude 5¡S; - when ÔBest Management PracticesÕ to deter piracy is being followed fully but, on its own, is not deemed by the shipping company and the shipÕs master as sufficient to protect against acts of piracy; AND - the use of armed guards is assessed to reduce the risk to the lives and wellbeing of those on board the ship. • The policy applies to internationally trading passenger ships and cargo ships of 500 gross tonnage and above. The policy only applies in relation to the protection of UK registered ships. • The assurance process for the authorisation of private maritime security companies is to ensure that as far as possible public safety is not endangered by the use of armed guards. • Private Maritime Security Companies (PMSCs) wishing to employ armed guards on board UK registered ships in these exceptional circumstances must be authorised to possess a range of firearms (which may include section 1 and section 2 weapons), including those requiring an authority from the Secretary of State for the Home Department under section 5 of the 1968 Act, and be able to deploy them as necessary. All PMSCs wishing to employ armed guards on UK registered ships must receive clearance via the Home Office section 5 authorisation process. • It is an offence for a person to have in his possession, purchase, acquire, manufacture, sell or transfer, or possess, purchase or acquire for sale or transfer, a weapon prohibited under section 5 of the 1968 Act without the authority of the Secretary of State. It is also an offence not to comply with any condition of the authority. Section 5 application: evidence 28.1 PMSCs should apply to the Home Office for section 5 authorisation to enable their armed guards to possess firearms on UK registered ships. In support of their application they must produce a provisional contract or letter of intent with a shipping company intending to use their services. The PMSC may also provide evidence in support of the application such as information about transits