needs. The Chaplains are impartial and able to provide counsel and support to those in need. Oskar Kilo and Police Mutual both offer advice via their websites. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Human Resources, Wellbeing Procedure Owner/Author: SLT Suzie THOMPSON Technical Author: Daniel Phillimore Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Director of People and Change Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Force Policy Officer 04/03/2022 1.0 Senior Command Team/ACC/ACO (Delete as appropriate) 25/02/2022 1.0 JNCC 25/02/2022 1.0 Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief 17.03.2022 3.0 Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this procedure (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version UNISON, Federation, WEPA, Supt Association, 21/02/2022 1.0 Menopause Support Group, Connect WomenÕs Network, LGBTQ+ Network 21/02/2022 1.0 Head of People Strategy and Policy 21/02/2022 1.0 Implications of the Procedure: Training Requirements No additional training required IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Mental Health and Wellbeing Statement Date of Publication: March 2019 Version: 1.0 Next Review Date: March 2022 POLICY STATEMENT This policy defines Wiltshire PoliceÕs approach and mission statement with regards to mental health and wellbeing in the workplace. 1. Introduction Wiltshire Police are committed to creating a healthy working environment which supports the physiological and psychological wellbeing of our officers, staff and volunteers. Ultimately, the happier, healthier and more resilient Wiltshire Police officersÕ, staff and volunteers are, the better the organisation performs. Our embedded values and behaviours, empowered leadership style, along with our agile working and innovative technology provide our officers and staff with flexibility and choice. All of which contributes to a positive work life balance, resulting in improved wellbeing. We are also committed to developing and maintaining a police service that officersÕ, staff and volunteers are proud to work for because they feel safe, motivated and have a sense of belonging. Wiltshire Police support a holistic approach to wellbeing and recognise the importance of a collaborative approach, with the foundations of effective Occupational Health, Health and Safety and People Services and Development at its core. 2. Background and Ethos Our sense of wellbeing and mental health can be affected in many ways and, at various stages, we may all experience poor mental health. Mental health issues in the workplace are any conditions that affect employeesÕ state of mind. These conditions may include mild depression, stress and severe anxiety which may result in burnout and severe ill mental health. Mental health problems manifest in different ways. Some employees may suffer with no physical side effects, while others may experience physical symptoms (e.g. increased blood pressure, lethargy, changes in eating habits.) Employees may experience mental health issues for various reasons that an employer cannot control (e.g. hereditary, family conflicts, general health.) But, there are also work-related reasons for mental health problems, including: