place by Category 1 responders. Local authorities will be particularly well placed to give advice and assistance to organisations in preparing for events or situations whose scale and impact require assessments of risk to be made and emergency plans to be prepared by Category 1 responders. 8.22. However, organisations that recognise the value of BCM planning for emergencies are unlikely to confine their forward thinking to this type of risk only. Audience 8.23. A key objective of the BCM advice and assistance duty under the Act is to minimise the economic impact of emergencies on the local community. It delivers this by requiring local authorities to encourage greater preparedness among organisations that carry out commercial activities, and providing advice and assistance in improving their resilience. 8.1. 8.24. Commercial organisations are those private sector businesses operating for a profit. Charities are, by definition, voluntary organisations which carry out their activities on a Ônot for profit basisÕ. However, some charities have separate trading arms, and companies operating under these are classified as commercial organisations, whereas a Ôcharity shopÕ, operated by the charity itself, is defined as a voluntary organisation. Building societies and credit unions carry out commercial activities, and although not privately owned, operate as a business and generate financial benefits for their members. 8.25. The Regulations state that the duty to provide BCM advice and assistance only applies to businesses carrying on commercial activities in the local authority area.8 The duty will also extend to activities that operate in the area on a non-permanent basis e.g. music festivals or major construction projects. In many cases, the local authority will be aware of the presence of such activity in its area, for example through planning consents for construction projects, or through the local authority/emergency services Safety Advisory Groups set up to give advice and guidance to event organisers. 8.26. The Act also requires local authorities to give advice and assistance to voluntary organisations in their communities, many of whom will not undertake commercial 8.1. activities.9 Voluntary organisations play a critical role in local civil protection arrangements; they also deliver a wide range of services that are crucial to the effective functioning of communities (e.g. providing advice, social care, cultural and spiritual services). Demands on their services are likely to increase in the event of an emergency, and, if they are unable to continue functioning, this could exacerbate its effects. 8.27. Providing business continuity advice to voluntary organisations will help build the resilience of the wider community, and help limit the impact of emergencies on its ability to function effectively. 8 regulation 39(2) 9 s.4 PAGE 10 8.28. However, the voluntary sector is large and diverse, and not all voluntary organisations would want - or indeed benefit from - business continuity advice. A large number of voluntary organisations, for example, do not employ staff or maintain premises. Given the large number of voluntary bodies (c. 600,000) - and the difficulty of reaching out to some of them - it is unrealistic to expect