SIRO and approved by the AO. It is reviewed and updated on an inherent and residual basis and at least annually and or when triggered by a major security incident or identified very high risk. Delegation and Escalation • The roles authorized to accept information risk are as follows: • Risks assessed as very low or low can be accepted by IAO provided there is a documented security case for acceptance • Risks assessed as medium must be escalated to H IM& A who can accept provided there is a documented security case for acceptance • Risks assessed as medium-high must be escalated to H IM& A who can accept provided there is a documented security case for acceptance accompanied by a specific Risk Balance / Escalation Case describing the risk management decision • Risks assessed as high must be escalated to the SIRO who can accept provided there is a documented security case for acceptance accompanied by a Risk Balance / Escalation Case document describing the risk management decision. • Risks assessed as very high cannot be accepted under the current risk appetite. Any identified very high risks should be escalated immediately through the SIRO to the AO and, if applicable, the PIAB through NPIRMT. Top Level Business Risks Overview Compliance, legal and regulatory risk: Wiltshire Police has an Averse approach to this category of risk. Legal compliance is of primary importance for the organisation. Avoidance, wherever possible, of risk and uncertainty is a key objective. Table of contents Financial risk: Wiltshire Police has a Minimalist approach to this category of risk. It must operate within strict and tight budgets with little contingency and few opportunities for flexibility. There is a preference for ultra safe options that have a low degree of inherent risk and only have a potential for limited reward. Operational and policy delivery risk: Wiltshire Police has an Open approach to this category of risk. Its operational activities involve a high degree of inherent risk. Wiltshire Police is willing to consider all options and choose the one that is most likely to result in successful delivery while also providing an acceptable level of reward. Information risk: Wiltshire Police has (currently Ð June 21) a Cautious approach to this category of risk. There is a preference for safe options with low degrees of residual risk which may have only limited potential for business benefit delivery risk appetite. IAO must take into account the nature of any benefits and the different risk appetite categories when making information risk management decisions. Reputation and credibility risk: Wiltshire Police has a high profile and a Cautious approach to this category of risk. There is a preference for safe options with low degrees of residual risk which may only have limited potential for reward. Wiltshire Police intends to review this posture and, if possible, move to an Open posture (understanding that this risk approach introduces a level of inherent reputational risk and requires controlled, accountable and externally audited risk management processes to