for that. (4B) The Commissioner must, as soon as reasonably practicable after receiving the response, publish it in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 15 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (4C) But the CommissionerÑ (a) must withhold from publication any information in the response which would identify an individual (other than the chief constable), (b) may withhold the whole or part of the response from publication if the Commissioner considers that it is in the public interest to do so.Ó. 15 Call-in of relevant complaints (1) The 2006 Act is amended as follows. (2) In section 35 (examination of manner of handling complaint)Ñ (a) after subsection (2), insertÑ Ò(2A) This section does not apply in relation to a complaint which is being, or has been, considered by the Commissioner under section 40ZA(1).Ó, (b) in subsection (7)Ñ (i) the words from Ògive a directionÓ to the end become paragraph (a), (ii) after that paragraph, insert Ò; or (b) if satisfied that it is in the public interest for the Commissioner to do so, determine that the complaint is to be reconsidered by the Commissioner (see section 40ZA).Ó. (3) After section 40, insertÑ Ò40ZA Power of Commissioner to consider complaints (1) The Commissioner may consider a relevant complaint ifÑ (a) the Commissioner determines under section 35(7)(b) (examination of manner of handling complaint) that the complaint is to be reconsidered by the Commissioner, (b) the appropriate authority in relation to the complaint requests the Commissioner to consider the complaint, or (c) the CommissionerÑ (i) has reasonable grounds to believe that the complaint has not been, or is not being, considered properly by the appropriate authority, and (ii) is satisfied that it is in the public interest for the Commissioner to consider the complaint. (2) For the purposes of subsection (1)(c), a complaint is not considered properly by the appropriate authority if the arrangements for handling relevant complaints maintained by the authority are not adhered to by the authority in its consideration of the complaint. (3) A complaint may be considered by the Commissioner under subsection (1)(b) or (c) whether or notÑ (1) 16 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (a) the appropriate authority has completed its consideration of the complaint, (b) the Commissioner hasÑ (i) discontinued, or not proceeded with, a complaint handling review in relation to the complaint under section 36(1), or (ii) ordered the discontinuance of a reconsideration of the complaint under section 39(1). (4) The Commissioner may consider a complaint under subsection (1)(c)Ñ (a) at the request of the complainer, or (b)