that included a period of ordinary parental leave of more than four weeks, or a period of additional maternity leave, you have the right to return to the same job unless this is not reasonably practicable. In these circumstances, if it is not reasonably practicable for the organisation to permit a return to the same job, you have the right to return to another job that is suitable and appropriate. Shared Parental Leave as a result of adoption (including via surrogacyagreement) This policy sets out the rights of individuals adopting a child to shared parental leave and pay. Shared parental leave enables adopters to commit to ending their adoption leave and pay at a future date and to share the untaken balance of leave and pay as shared parental leave and pay between partners, or to return to work early from adoption leave and opt in to shared parental leave and pay at a later date. Shared parental leave should not be confused with ordinary parental leave, which is unaffected by shared parental leave. Ordinary parental leave is the entitlement to up to 18 weeks' unpaid leave. See section 19 for Ordinary Parental Leave) The organisation recognises that you may have questions or concerns relating to your shared parental leave rights. It is the organisation's policy to encourage open discussion with you to ensure that questions and problems can be resolved as quickly as possible. As the shared parental leave provisions are complex, if you wish to take shared pare6ntal leave, you should clarify the relevant procedures with the People Services or the HR Advisory team to ensure that you are followed correctly. This policy applies to same sex couples, married and unmarried couples, civil partners and single parents. 7.21 Definitions "Adopter" means the person with whom the child is, or is expected to be, placed for adoption, or, in a case where two people have been matched jointly, whoever has elected to be the child's adopter for the purposes of adoption leave. "Partner" means the person who is married to, or the civil partner or the partner of, the adopter at the date on which the child is placed for adoption (for adoptions from overseas, at the date on which the child enters Great Britain). This includes someone, of whatever sex, who lives with the adopter and the child in an enduring family relationship but who is not the adopter's child, parent, grandchild, grandparent, sibling, aunt, uncle, niece or nephew. "Matched for adoption" means an adoption agency deciding that a person would be a suitable adoptive parent for a child either individually or jointly with another person. A person is notified of having been "matched for adoption" with a child on the date on which the person receives notification of the adoption agency's decision. "Placed for adoption" means placed for adoption under UK adoption laws, including placement with a local authority foster parent who is also a prospective adopter ("foster to adopt"). "Official notification" means written notification, issued by