attention of the Organisation that an employee has been charged with, or is the subject of allegations in connection with a criminal or potentially criminal offence, a Departmental Head should notify the Head of Human Resources immediately so that disciplinary implications can be considered and the method of investigation agreed. The nature of the alleged offence will be considered in relation to the following: • The nature of the alleged offence and the employeeÕs position • The reaction of colleagues and breakdown in working relationships • The effect upon public confidence in the ability of the Organisation to conduct its business (if the matter became public knowledge) • The impact on the employeeÕs ability to carry out their role or uphold public confidence and the OrganisationÕs reputation and standards. Where it is considered that one of the above will be adversely affected, an internal disciplinary investigation will be conducted in line with these procedures. Internal disciplinary action may be taken irrespective of criminal proceedings and need not await the outcome of criminal enquiries or any subsequent court appearance. If it appears that suspension should be considered, this should be done in accordance with Section 8. Table of Contents Where criminal enquiries are also being conducted, an employee must be made aware that details of the disciplinary investigation may be disclosable to the criminal investigation. Employees should be advised that material obtained in the course of a criminal investigation may be used in the discipline enquiry if the individual consents to this disclosure. 13.2 Monitoring The Human Resources Department is responsible for monitoring the disciplinary procedure and promoting consistency in its application. This will ensure allegations of discipline are dealt with in the same manner, and if found to be substantiated, that similar and appropriate sanctions are applied. 14. POLICE BARRED AND ADVISORY LIST REGULATIONS 2017 The Police Barred List and Advisory List Regulations 2017 came into effect on 15th December 2017. Where serving officers (including special constables) / staff are dismissed, or where officers / staff who have resigned or retired whilst under investigation and a subsequent hearing determines they would have been dismissed had they still been serving, the individual will be entered onto the barred list and prevented in law from gaining employment with most policing bodies in the future. There are a number of variations insofar as how long an individual will remain on the barred list dependant on whether they have been dismissed for conduct or performance. In summary, however, officers / staff dismissed for gross misconduct will remain on the list for life and in respect of officers (not staff) that information for the first 5 years, post dismissal, will be publically available. Where an officer (including special constables) / staff member resigns or retires whilst under investigation for an allegation of gross misconduct, they will be entered onto the advisory list. There they will remain until such time as disciplinary proceedings have concluded. If a hearing then determines that the individual would have been