monthsÕ time as it is expected incidents / response from other services will have evolved and the Operational capability to respond to incidents may well have changed. There will be quarterly meetings of members of the First Aid Working Group to ensure Compliance with Force Policy, Audit of incidents where advanced skills of officers have been utilised and a report prepared for the quarterly Health and Safety Meeting. Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY FRAUD Date of Publication: December 2019 Version: 1.0 Next Review Date: December 2021 POLICY STATEMENT Fraud is a hidden and under-reported crime with victims often in denial or unaware of the criminality behind it. Increasingly fraud is becoming more complex and sophisticated, much of which is targeted at vulnerable and elderly people. Technology is enabling fraudsters to carry out attacks more quickly and employ more complex behaviours to remain undetected. The nature of fraud victimisation is not only financial. The emotional impact is significant and includes guilt, misplaced trust and diminished confidence, resulting in detrimental effects on physical and mental health and increased social isolation. Fraud is a type of criminal activity as defined by the Fraud Act 2006. Fraud is also classified as a ÔlyfestyleÕ offence and one where the Proceeds of Crime Act can be applied (see Recovery of Criminal Assets Policy and the Seizure and Retention of Money Procedure). All cases of fraud whether reported direct by the victim or referred by the police are now recorded centrally via Action Fraud and analysed by experts within the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (NFIB) hosted by the City of London Police. Following analysis, the NFIB provides the police and other law enforcement agencies with individual crime packages that identify viable opportunities for either investigation or disruption. The expectation is that all referrals from NFIB will be considered for investigation, however, as with Ôcalls for serviceÕ the decision on whether to investigate an allegation of fraud lies solely with the police. Police forces will not record fraud as crimes. Frauds are now given Non-Crime numbers by Police Forces. All fraud and cybercrime will be managed within the NFIB from where it will be accessed by those Government Departments with an interest in such data. Fraud is reported to Wiltshire Police in a number of ways: 1) Disseminations to the Force by the Nation Fraud Intelligence Bureau. These disseminations are sent to a ÔVaultÕ which is accessed by the Crime and Communication Centre (CCC) Supervisors. A niche is created and then allocated to the most appropriate department after applying the ÔFraud Allocation MatrixÕ which is contained in the ÔCrime Allocation PolicyÕ on Firstpoint. 2) If a member of the public reports direct to the CCC and it is a Ôcall for serviceÕ (see below). It is then allocated according to the ÔFraud Allocation MatrixÕ which is contained in the ÔCrime Allocation PolicyÕ on Firstpoint. 3) Partners Agency referrals who include Wiltshire Council, Department for Work and Pensions and Trading Standards. The Fraud Allocation Matrix is used to