official, representative of the Police Federation or member of a staff support group. Where the individual fails to comply with the above then a more formal approach will be adopted and consideration will be given to use of the relevant disciplinary/misconduct procedure. 9.3 With Cause Ð Extended An officer of at least the rank of Assistant Chief Constable may authorise a maximum of three samples of urine or oral fluid (saliva) to be required from an individual in their force (or on secondment to or from their force) where there is corroborative intelligence which gives reasonable cause to suspect that the individual has used a controlled drug over an extended period or has been under the influence of alcohol whilst at work (i.e. on more than one occasion). The three samples can be required over a maximum period of 90 days, with one day being the day on which the first sample is required and the period finishing at midnight on day 90. When calculating the 90 day period, no account should be taken of any periods of sick leave. The individual will not be given any advance notice of the requirement to provide each sample. The individual will be informed at the time that the first sample is required that two further samples may be required within the designated time period. On each occasion a sample is taken the individual will be informed of the drug(s) or drug group(s) against which his or her samples will be tested. The officer will be entitled to have a Ôpolice friendÕ as defined in The Police (Conduct) Regulations 2020 present when the samples are being taken. However, a delay in a police friend attending will not delay the testing procedure provided that the officer has been able to consult a police friend. A member of police staff will be entitled to be accompanied as outlined in the Police Staff Disciplinary Procedure. 9.4 Alcohol Alcohol is a substance which can be misused and which can impair judgement. However, it is in a different category from controlled drugs, in that its use is not illegal. Some misuse of alcohol can be an offence. For example, an individual who is drunk and disorderly in a public place or an individual who attempts to drive a vehicle whilst over the prescribed limit commits an offence. Individuals have a general responsibility to present themselves fit for duty. If their judgement is impaired by the consumption of alcohol, they are unlikely to be fit for duty. It is for a senior manager to determine whether an individual is unfit for general duties, due to consumption of alcohol. However, reporting for duty whilst having previously consumed alcohol (for example, on the previous evening) does not equate with the criminal offence of using drugs. Managerial action needs to reflect this. As with drugs, self-declaration of an alcohol-related problem is a matter that should be managed through the Occupational Health Unit, rather than being regarded as a purely disciplinary/ misconduct matter.