may be the Ministry for Children or even Health. Supporting repatriation of FGM victims under 16 without the support of at least one person with parental responsibility or the safeguarding authorities in- country may be very difficult and drawn out. Remember: • The FCO does not ask victims of FGM to take out loans for their repatriation costs. Where possible, the Government will seek to ensure the costs of repatriation fall on the perpetrators by means of Female Genital Mutilation Protection Orders (FGMPOs). The Government will also assess other options where necessary, such as family, friends, schools or social care. • the FCO can facilitate a British nationalÕs return to the UK by providing emergency travel documents, in some exceptional circumstances helping to arrange flights and, where possible, by helping to find temporary safe accommodation while the victim is overseas; and • the FCO or social services may ask the police to meet the person on arrival, in case family members try to abduct them, at the airport. 70 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation Annex F: Care and Support F.1. Health Services Women and girls who have had FGM can have a variety of different needs for care and support, and may seek help from a range of places. The appropriate treatment will depend on the girl/womanÕs individual circumstances and an assessment of her needs. This will normally include considering her symptoms, type of FGM and whether she is pregnant. As with all health services, an individual care plan should be agreed with the patient and put in place to meet her specific needs. When developing a new service or care pathway within an area, organisations are encouraged and advised to work with patient representatives and groups who can advise on the wishes and needs of service users. Health Services: Additional Resources For clinical guidelines on the care of women who have undergone FGM, please see Female Genital Mutilation and its Management (Green-top Guideline No. 53), published by Royal College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology. In Wales, there is a published FGM Care Pathway and any queries should be directed through the health board FGM lead: www.wales.nhs.uk/sitesplus/888/page/67421/ F.2. Counselling and Psychological Services Case histories and personal accounts taken from women indicate that FGM can be an extremely traumatic experience which stays with them for the rest of their lives. Young women receiving psychological counselling in the UK report feelings of betrayal by parents, incompleteness, regret, and anger76. There is increasing awareness of the severe psychological consequences of FGM for girls and women, which can become evident in mental health problems. Local commissioners must consider the provision of mental health support and services, and that girls and women who have undergone FGM are able to access this treatment as required. The support should be provided following an assessment of individual needs, and clinicians should discuss the care pathway with the patient, however, services should also consider allowing patients to access them directly without the need for a referral. F.3.