or likely to suffer significant harm. ChildrenÕs social care may apply for an Emergency Protection Order (EPO) (see Section E.3) at any point within the 72 hours if there is reasonable cause to believe the child is likely to suffer significant harm if she is not removed to accommodation provided by or on behalf of the local authority or does not remain in the place in which she is then being accommodated. The police have the power to make their own application for an EPO on behalf of the relevant local authority, but as a matter of practice this is done by childrenÕs social care. 66 www.gov.uk/government/publications/working-together-to-safeguard-children--2 67 https://gov.wales/safeguarding-children-risk-abuse-or-neglect Remember: • police officers have powers, under section 17(1)(e) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, to enter and search any premises in order to protect life or prevent injury; • police officers can also prevent the removal of a child from a hospital or other safe place in which the child or young person is accommodated69; • the parents may ask for contact with the child under protection, but this does not have to be granted if it is not, in the opinion of the officer designated for the purposes of section 46, both reasonable and in the best interests of the child, i.e. if it would place the child or young person in danger; • the local police child abuse investigation team must be informed of any child under police protection; • a girl may wish to see a female police officer; • the girl may, or may not, want to see a police officer from her own community Ð try to give the child the choice; • in all cases, check whether or not the girl is subject of a Child Protection Plan; and • the police do not have parental responsibility with respect to a child while that child is under police protection, but they must do what is reasonable in all the circumstances of the case for the purposes of safeguarding or promoting the childÕs welfare (having regard in particular to the length of the period during which the child will be protected). E.2. FGM Protection Orders Section 5A of and Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the 2003 ActÓ70 provide for the making of FGM Protection Orders (FGMPOs) in England and Wales71. An FGMPO is a civil order which may be made for the purposes of protecting a girl at risk of FGM or protecting a girl against whom an FGM offence has been committed. Breach of an FGMPO is a criminal offence with a maximum penalty of up to 5 yearsÕ imprisonment. More information on FGMPOs is available in Section 3.3. 69 Section 47(1)(a)(ii) of the Children Act 1989. 70 As inserted by section 73 of the Serious Crime Act 2015. E.3. Emergency Protection Orders (EPO) Under Section 44 of the Children Act 1989 An application for an EPO can be made by anyone Ð including social workers, police, youth workers, advocates or