submit a written request giving ideally 8 weeks, but no later than 28 days notice of your intention to return to work before the end of your adoption leave. You would need to complete the Form M5. 3.12 Resignation If you decide not to return to work, you must submit written notification to your 1st Line Manager who will forward to the People Service Centre of your intention to resign, giving the appropriate notice period. 3.13 Surrogacy Definitions Birth Mother The birth mother is entitled to take up to 52 weeks of maternity leave and up to 39 weeks of statutory maternity pay (if she eligible for pay) or maternity allowance even where she is not genetically related to the child that she is carrying. Surrogate Parents Where a couple has a parental order in relation to a surrogate child, one of the parents can be eligible for adoption leave and pay and the other can be eligible for support leave and pay. 3.14 Surrogacy Ð Ante-natal Appointments The Parental Order parents are entitled to take time off work to accompany the surrogate mother to her antenatal appointments. Both of the Parental Order parents are entitled to attend up to 5 paid antenatal appointments (of up to 6 and half hours each appointment). In the case of joint Parental Order parents, only one of you will be entitled to paid time off work to attend up to 5 antenatal appointments (of up to six and a half hours for each appointment). Your partner will be entitled to unpaid time off work to attend up to 5 antenatal appointments (of up to six and a half hours for each appointment). If only one of you is officially the parental order parent, only that parent is entitled to time off to attend antenatal appointments. If you are eligible for and elect to take paid time off to attend appointmentÕs, you will not be able to take adoption support leave in relation to the adoption of that child. It is, therefore, likely that the person who takes paid time off work to attend adoption appointments will also take adoption leave and pay. The partner of an adopter is not entitled to time off work (whether paid or unpaid) to attend adoption appointments unless you are jointly adopting a child. 3.15 Foster Parents Foster parents do not have rights to Parental Leave but may be able to request a flexible working pattern. Further information can be found in the Parental Leave and Flexible Working policies. SECTION 4 MISCARRIAGES & STILLBIRTH 4.1 Introduction We recognise that the effects of a miscarriage or stillbirth can be extremely distressing and that many employees will regard a miscarriage as the loss of a baby, regardless of how early in pregnancy it occurs. A miscarriage or stillbirth can have significant physical and emotional consequences, which may affect an individualÕs attendance or performance at work. We are committed to supporting those who are affected by a miscarriage or stillbirth and