a parental relationship in relation to a child if — the person is a parent of the child, or; the person has parental responsibility for the child. In this section — “child” means a person under the age of 18 years; “civil partnership agreement” has the meaning given by section 73 of the Civil Partnership Act 2004; “parental responsibility” has the same meaning as in the Children Act 1989; “relative” has the meaning given by section 63(1) of the Family Law Act 1996. Section 3: Children as victims of domestic abuse This section applies where behaviour of a person (“A”) towards another person (“B”) is domestic abuse. Any reference in this Act to a victim of domestic abuse includes a reference to a child who – sees or hears, or experiences the effect of, the abuse, and is related to A or B. A child is related to a person for the purposes of subsection (2) if – the person is a parent of, or has parental responsibility for, the child, or the child and the person are relatives. In this section – “child” means person under the age of 18 years; “parental responsibility” has the same meaning as in the Children Act 1989 (see section 3 of that Act); “relative” has the meaning given by section 63(1) of the Family Law Act 1996. Types of domestic abuse To deliver an effective response, professionals and agencies should be aware of the different types of domestic abuse. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Intimate partner abuse Domestic abuse most commonly takes place in intimate partner relationships, including same sex relationships.15 Intimate relationships can take different forms, partners do not need to be married or in a civil partnership and abuse can occur between non- cohabiting intimate partners. As with all forms of abuse, abuse in intimate relationships can vary in severity and frequency, ranging from a one-off occurrence to a continued pattern of behaviour. Abuse can continue or intensify when a relationship has ended or is in the process of ending. This can be a very dangerous time for a victim including an increased risk to their physical safety. It is a highly critical period for ensuring support for victims, as they may consider returning to perpetrators during the period immediately after fleeing or ending the relationship. Separation can raise both the likelihood and consequences of risk because of the perpetrator’s perceived lack of control. Post-separation abuse may involve a range of abusive behaviour, see ‘Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic Abuse’ for further detail. It may be facilitated by technology and without effective intervention it can be ongoing and may escalate. In the year ending March 2021, 57 women and 10 men were recorded as being victims of homicide by a current or ex-partner.16 According to the Femicide Census, 38% of the women killed by their ex-partner or ex-spouse from 2009 to 2018 were killed within the first month of separation and 89% in the first year.17 18 Teenage relationship abuse