refilled with Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 that has been conditioned in the same heated enclosure as the main tray. Any debris remaining in Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 following ballistic testing shall be removed before the cavities are refilled. When refilling, the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 shall be pressed firmly into the cavities and smoothed, before the surface of the tray is scraped flat. 6.5.4. Records The following information shall be recorded after each shot has been conducted and included in the test report: • Held or perforated. • Shot velocity measured at 2 ± 0.1 m from front face of panel at the point of aim, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • If held: * BFS depth, measured in millimetres to one decimal place; * BFS profile: o Hemispherical; o pencilling Ð if this occurs, measurements and photographs shall be taken and presented with the test report to CAST. • Details of any fragmentation/spall (if applicable). After all shots have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Mean velocity from all shots in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • Mean BFS of all shots in test series, recorded in millimetres to one decimal place. • 6.6. Formed armour testing 6.6.1. Backing material preparation During material preparation, the female-shaped torso mould (Appendix D) shall be lined with plastic wrap film. Plastiline¨ 40 (G.Lalo, Herbin Sueur SA, France) shall be melted in a suitable container in a heated enclosure at 70¡C for approximately 10 hours. Plastiline¨ 40 may separate during the melting process, therefore it shall be stirred at intervals until fully melted. Once melted, the material shall be stirred and then poured into the relevant test mould. On moulding, the mould shall be shaken vigorously by hand for 2 to 3 minutes to remove any porous inclusions before being left to cool for a minimum of 8 hours. The Plastiline¨ 40 forms shall be conditioned at a minimum temperature of 20¡C for a minimum of 3 hours before testing commences. A record shall be kept indicating the date at which the Plastiline¨ 40 form was first moulded with a unique reference assigned. Plastiline¨ 40 forms shall be used within 45 days of preparation. 6.6.2. Calibration methods After conditioning of Plastiline¨ 40, calibration shall be carried out using the following equipment and methods. • Drop test sphere: steel sphere grade Ô100Õ. • Sphere diameter: 63.5 ± 0.05 mm. • Sphere mass: 1043 ± 5 g. • Drop height: 2.00 ± 0.02 m. • Drop spacing: 75 mm minimum from the edge of the tray to the indent centre and 100 mm between indent centres. To perform calibration on this shaped backing, the backing material in its mould shall be positioned with the rear face facing upwards in the mould support container (drawing ref. M100879/M100884) (Figure 14). It is recommended that the mould is lined with plastic wrap film during this process to allow ease of removal after calibration.