have been or are still being forcibly subjected to FGM and it is accordingly regarded as an extreme form of Domestic and Child Abuse. In Wiltshire, if the FGM is believed to have taken place on a female under the age of 18 it will be investigated by the Child Abuse Investigation Team (CAIT) with support from the Safeguarding Team for the wider family and, where necessary, obtaining a protective order, and if the FGM has taken place on a female over the age of 18 it will be investigated by the Safeguarding Team both of which sit within the Public Protection Department. Indicators of risk may include: • Family comes from practising community • Family is not well integrated into British society • Parents do not want their children to have sexual health classes at school • Child talking about taking a long holiday to a country where practice is prevalent • Child talking about a Ôspecial eventÕ or party where she is going to become a woman • Children who take a significant amount of time whilst urinating • Any female child born to a woman or who has a sister subjected to FGM must be considered at risk along with any female children in immediate and extended family. HBA has the potential to be both a Domestic Abuse and a Child Abuse concern as well as a crime and a non-crime. In terms of the DASH risk assessment, HBA is a major risk factor for victims and must be regarded as a significant predictor of the likelihood of future harm or homicide. Consideration should therefore be given to grading all incidents with a HBA factor as high risk. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: PPD and Safeguarding Policy Owner/Author: Supt. PPD and Safeguarding / DI Safeguarding Team Technical Author: Jenny CRADDOCK (DAIT) Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Crime Justice and Vulnerability Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 04.10.2018 2.0 Scheduled review Ð Policy updated to reflect implementation of data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR. No other changes made. 22.02.2022 3.0 Scheduled review Ð policy updated to reflect Domestic Abuse Act 2021 and minor updates around PPD operating model (IPM). Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 22.02.2022 3.0 Supt. PPD and Safeguarding 21.12.2021 3.0 JNCC (Not required for all policies) N/A Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements No additional training requirements needed. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE & POLICE AND CRIME COMMISSIONER Human Resources Policy Statement (This covers all Wiltshire Police Officers and Police/OPCC Staff) Date of Publication: July 2021 Version: 1.0 Next Review Date: July 2024 POLICY STATEMENT This policy sets outs