in particular, consist of provisionÑÓ; (b) in paragraphs (a) and (b), for ÒauthoritiesÓ substitute Ò policing bodies Ó; (c) in paragraph (c)Ñ (i) for Òan authorityÓ substitute Ò a policing body Ó; (ii) for Òanother authorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò another policing body Ó. (5) In subsection (3), for ÒIn this sectionÓ substitute Ò In relation to policing body collaboration provision, or policing body & force collaboration provision, Ó. (6) Omit subsection (4). (7) In subsection (5)Ñ (a) for ÒA police authority may make an agreementÓ substitute Ò A policing body may make a collaboration agreement Ó; (b) for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò policing bodies Ó. (8) For subsection (6), substituteÑ Ò(6) A policing body must consult the chief officer of police of the police force which the body is responsible for maintaining before making a collaboration agreement (unless that chief officer is a party to the agreement).Ó. (9) Omit subsection (7). 4 (1) Section 23B (collaboration agreements: payments) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1), for Òrelevant police authoritiesÓ substitute Ò parties to the agreement Ó. (3) In subsection (2)Ñ (a) after ÒmayÓ insert Ò in the case of policing bodies or chief officers of police who are parties to the agreement Ó; (b) in paragraph (a), for ÒauthoritiesÓ (in each place) substitute Ò policing bodies or chief officers of police Ó. (4) In subsection (3), for ÒA relevant police authorityÓ substitute Ò A policing body or chief officer of police Ó. (5) Omit subsections (4) and (5). (2) 220 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 12 Ð Collaboration agreements Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 5 (1) Section 23C (collaboration agreements: consultation and supplemental) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) Omit subsection (1). (3) After subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(6) If circumstances are such that one or more of the parties to a collaboration agreement would not, at a particular time, have power to enter into a collaboration agreement of that description (whether because of a failure to meet the requirements of section 22A(1) or (5) or otherwise) each person who does not have that power must cease to be a party to the agreement.Ó. 6 (1) Section 23D (collaboration agreements: accountability) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for Òpolice force collaboration agreementÓ substitute Ò collaboration agreement Ó; (b) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò policing body Ó. (3) In subsection (2), for Òapproving an agreement as mentioned in section 23(6), a police authorityÓ substitute Ò making a collaboration agreement to which a chief officer of police is to be a party, a policing body Ó. (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò policing body Ó; (b) for Òconsider makingÓ substitute Ò make Ó. (5) In subsection