or (4); any other person who has an interest in the closed premises but on whom the closure notice was not served. If a complaint is made under subsection (1) by a person other than a constable the judicial officer may issue a summons directed to such constable as the judicial officer thinks appropriate requiring the constable to appear before the magistrates' court to answer to the complaint. The court may not make an order discharging a closure order unless it is satisfied that the order is no longer necessary to prevent the premises being used for activities related to any of the specified prostitution or pornography offences in respect of which section 136D(9) applied. If a complaint is made under subsection (1), a notice stating the date and time when, and the place at which, the complaint will be heard must be served on— the persons mentioned in subsection (1)(c) and (d) (other than the complainant), a constable (unless a constable is the complainant), and the local authority (unless it is the complainant). In this section “appropriate judicial authority” has the same meaning as in section 136H. Appeals against closure orders etc. Appeals 136K(1) An appeal against an order under section 136D or 136I, or an appeal against a decision not to be make an order under section 136J, may be made to the appropriate appeal court by— a person on whom the closure notice relating to the closed premises was served under section 136C(3)(d), or any other person who has an interest in the closed premises but on whom the closure notice was not served. An appeal against a decision of a court not to make an order under section 136D or 136I, or an appeal against an order under section 136J, may be made to the appropriate appeal court by— a constable, or Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 157 the local authority. An appeal under subsection (1) or (2) must be made before the end of the period of 21 days beginning with the day on which the order or decision is made. On an appeal under this section the court may make such order as it thinks appropriate. In this section “the appropriate appeal court” means— in the application of this section to England and Wales, the Crown Court; in the application of this section to Northern Ireland, a county court. Access to other premises Access to other premises 136(L1) This section applies to any person who occupies or has an interest in