for police managers, and one they are highly motivated to meet. It may come as a surprise then that there have been very few attempts to implement zero tolerance policing in the UK. One attempt took place in the King’s Cross area in London in 1996 where the police took a harsh approach to both minor and major infractions of the law and incivilities for a six week period. The idea was to ‘clean up’ the area. A second attempt at zero tolerance policing occurred in Hartlepool at around the same time. Detective Superintendent Ray Mallon wanted to protect the ‘decent’ and ‘respectable’ citizens, and so advocated an aggressive response to any low-level nuisances (Newburn and Jones 2007: 227). Other than these, zero tolerance policing has not been seriously implemented in any UK police force. The lure of the ‘New York miracle’ can be strong, but it is important to remember that New York is not indicative of the rest of the world. First of all, when zero tolerance was implemented in New York the population was not only highly criminalized, it was also highly armed. Therefore, taking police action against a person for a minor infraction had a good chance of revealing some more major ones (such as an illegal firearm). This will not be the case in all countries. New York also had a staggering homicide rate, which is also not the case elsewhere. As was mentioned above, the police in New York prior to the introduction of zero tolerance felt impeded by laws regarding personal freedoms and civil liberties. Police officers in other countries have more power to stop and search members of the public than this, and so do not feel restricted in their street policing in quite the same way (Dixon 1999). Thus zero tolerance policing has to be understood in the context in which it developed – the US, and New York in particular – and therefore it cannot be viewed as a magic fix for all policing problems. What has proven to be a useful aspect of the ‘zero tolerance’ era is the language it uses. While the zero tolerance policing policies themselves did not transfer well to the UK, the terminology and the symbolism they employ did. Prior to their election in 1997, the Labour Party made use of ‘zero tolerance’ in reference to their approach towards failing educational standards and performance. Zero tolerance also surfaced in a general way to paint New Labour as ‘tough on crime’, especially when discussing their policies on anti-social behaviour in the 1997 manifesto. It has also been used in reference to handling abuse of public sector workers and discipline in schools. The fact that it can be used in so many policy arenas shows the flexibility of the concept, as well as its simplicity and vagueness. It is appealing because it touches on contemporary concerns with disorder and lawlessness. But as any police officer could attest, ‘zero tolerance’ in its truest form is impossible. There