with protocols.32 (A checklist of possible protocols appears at Annex 7C). These may be negotiated directly or through the LRF. 7.100. Protocols should be recorded formally and in some detail, so that they can be implemented immediately in the event of an emergency. They should describe the process which will be used to identify stages in the emergency when the lead communicator responsibility ought to be changed during the handover from response to recovery, and the point at which normal operating practices should be resumed and reviewed. 32 regulation 7 Role of the lead responder 7.101. The planning arrangements of the lead responder for warning, informing and advising the public are likely to include: o Procedures and a capability for: • contacting other relevant responder organisations and informing them of action being undertaken or proposed; • delivering urgent emergency warnings, or ensuring they are delivered; • co-ordinating all communications activity at the time of an emergency, so that public information is consistent, timely and without unnecessary duplication; • delivering information and advice in relation to its functional areas of responsibility; • assisting other participating responder organisations to deliver information and provide advice in relation to their functional responsibilities. o Provision of: • a media facility; • a lead spokesperson to work with the media; • facilities for staff from different responder organisations to work together on a public information service. o Procedures for: • handing over the role to another lead Category 1 responder as determined by the course of events. • Who delivers? 7.102. How information and advice are delivered can greatly affect how they are received. Category 1 responders should give careful thought to this ahead of any emergency, and should identify individuals who may act as official spokespeople and undertake media interviews. These individuals should receive suitable training. 7.103. If the figure is already recognised as a trustworthy and authoritative person, the message will be delivered all the more effectively. This might be because they already have a good public profile in the area or are in uniform (research shows that the public have great confidence in spokespeople from the emergency services). 7.104. In addition to those who will be taking a frontline media role, it is important that other staff who may come into direct contact with the public (receptionists, security and switchboard staff, for example) are provided with at least a basic level of information and can handle inquiries confidently. 7.105. Category 1 responders are, required in the Act to make local arrangements for delivering information and advice about an emergency to the public with the purpose of mitigating the effects and aiding recovery. They should plan to be able to meet the needs of many different audiences. These can be grouped as follows : 7.1. Survivors (Group A) and others affected by the emergency (Group B) 7.106. The needs of these two groups are the main focus of attention in the initial response to an incident and beyond. 7.107. Providing information to Group A