In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, the reference in subsection (2) to the chief officer of police is to be read as a reference to the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Compensation 136O(1) A person who claims to have incurred financial loss in consequence of a closure notice or closure order may apply for compensation. The application must be made— to the appropriate appeal court, if the closure order was made or extended by an order of that court on an appeal under section 136K; in any other case, to the magistrates' court which considered the application for a closure order. In a case where a closure notice is issued but a closure order is not made, the application must not be entertained unless it is made before the end of the period of three months beginning with— the day the magistrates' court decides not to make a closure order, or if there is an appeal against that decision, the day the appropriate appeal court dismisses that appeal. In a case where a closure order is made, the application must not be entertained unless it is made before the end of the period of three months beginning with the day the closure order ceases to have effect. The court which hears the application may order the payment of compensation out of central funds if it is satisfied— that the person was not associated with the use of the premises for the activities in relation to which the first condition in section 136B was met, if the person is the owner or occupier of the premises, that the person took reasonable steps to prevent that use, that the person has incurred financial loss as mentioned in subsection (1), and having regard to all the circumstances it is appropriate to order payment of compensation in respect of that loss. In this section— “appropriate appeal court” has the same meaning as in section 136K; “central funds” has the same meaning as in enactments providing for the payment of costs. In the application of this section to Northern Ireland— 160 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes the reference in subsection (5) to “central funds” is to be read as a reference to monies provided by Parliament, and subsection (6)(b) is omitted. General Guidance 136(P1) The Secretary of State may issue guidance relating to the discharge of any functions under or for the purposes of this Part by a constable or by an authorised person (within