site. In exceptional circumstances a Unison regional representative may be allowed. • No employee will be dismissed for a first breach of the Police Staff Code of Conduct, except in the case of gross misconduct, when the penalty will be dismissal without notice or payment in lieu of notice. • An employee has the right of appeal against any disciplinary action. • Procedural timescales as laid down within these procedures may be varied by mutual consent. • This procedure may be implemented at any stage if the employeeÕs alleged misconduct warrants this. • There may be occasions where consideration of a matter through this procedure may result in a decision where it is deemed more appropriate to consider the matter under the Capability Procedure. Unsatisfactory sickness absence or work performance not attributed to discipline will be dealt with under a separate Capability Procedure • In cases where medical advice is required the Occupational Health Department will be consulted. • Amendments to this procedure except those which arise consequentially from legislation or case law shall be the subject of consultation with Unison. • This procedure works in conjunction with other Organisation policies and procedures i.e. Substance and Alcohol Misuse Policy & Procedure, Acceptable Use of Email, the Internet and Fixed and Mobile Telephones Policy. • 1.4 Conduct of Trade Union officials Although normal disciplinary standards apply to their conduct as employees and such matters will be dealt with under this procedure, no disciplinary action will be taken against a Unison Executive Officer until the circumstances have been discussed with a full time official of Unison and the Head of People Services and Development. No disciplinary action will be taken against any employee in respect of alleged discipline which arises from undertaking Unison duties or activities until the matter has been fully discussed with the Head of Human Resources. Any complaints made against a Unison representative as a result of Unison duties will be investigated by a Unison regional officer in line with their existing procedures. 1.5 Involvement of the Professional Standards Department PSD are involved with investigating conduct for police staff, police officers, members of the Special Constabulary, criminal investigations and public complaints for all staff groups. PSD Investigating Officers and the HR Advisors work closely together in conjunction with OHU to ensure appropriate information sharing, considerations and welfare have been considered and put in place throughout the process. The Organisation Anti Corruption Unit (ACU) will monitor the use of email and other IT systems on behalf of the whole Organisation and so will pick up any potential issues for individuals via those processes and these will be passed onto PSD for investigation consideration. 1.6 Health & Safety There are no apparent risks to the health and safety of any individuals associated with the correct implementation of this procedure. However it is recognised that staff may experience heightened anxiety as a normal response to the situation. Confidential welfare support is available to any individual subject to these procedures and HR will