this entitlement by providing full pay for a reasonable period of time off. Wiltshire Police / OPCC offer all individuals, regardless of length of service, the right to take a reasonable amount of time off work to deal with certain unexpected emergencies concerning a dependant and to make any necessary longer term arrangements. There is no qualifying period for Dependants Leave. This leave is for you: 1. If a dependant falls ill, or has been injured or assaulted The illness or injury need not necessarily be serious of life threatening, and may be mental or physical. 2. To make longer term care arrangement for a dependant who is ill or injured Where a dependant needs to be cared for because of an illness or injury, you can take time off work to make longer term care arrangements. 3. To deal with the death of a dependant When a dependant dies, you can take time off to make funeral arrangements as well as to attend the funeral. 4. To deal with an unexpected disruption or breakdown of care arrangements for a dependant Time off can be taken where the normal carer of the dependant is unexpectedly absent; for example, a childminder or nurse may fail to turn up as arranged, or the nursery or nursing home may close unexpectedly. 5. To deal with an unexpected incident involving a child during school hours You can take time off to deal with a serious incident involving your child during school hours. For example, if your child has been involved in a fight, is distressed, has been injured on a school trip or is being suspended from school. 6. When a dependant is having a baby Where necessary, you can take time off to assist a dependant when she is having a baby. This does not include taking time off after the birth to care for the child. You may be able to take paternity leave for this purpose. A dependant is a person who reasonably relies on you and can be defined as: • Your spouse/partner • Your child • Your parent or guardian • a person living in your household as part of your family but is not a tenant lodger, boarder or liveÐin employee • a person who reasonably relies on you for assistance • a person who reasonably relies on you to make arrangements for the provision of care in the event of illness or injury. You are entitled to take a reasonable amount of time off to deal with the circumstances that you face. Legislation/regulations do not specify the amount of time off which is reasonable, since this will vary according to the circumstances of the emergency. In most cases one or two days leave should be sufficient to deal with the problem. For example, if your child falls ill with chicken pox, the leave should be enough to help you cope with the crisis Ð to deal with the immediate care of your child, visiting the doctor and