29 ÒWe want people living in social housing to be able to access swift and effective resolution and not face unnecessary barriers.Ó 30 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 35. There is high compliance with the orders made by the Housing Ombudsman, with the majority requiring landlords to comply with inside three months.13 Where there is non-compliance, the Housing Ombudsman has the power to refer this to the regulator. From 2021, the Housing Ombudsman will also be able to issue complaint handling failure orders where handling failures by landlords are identified. These will be published on a quarterly basis, highlighting the names of the landlords and reasons for the orders. This information will also be shared with the regulator, will form part of the Housing OmbudsmanÕs annual landlord performance reports and will be available on the Housing OmbudsmanÕs website. 36. To ensure residentsÕ confidence in the Housing Ombudsman Service is maintained, the Housing Ombudsman will appoint an independent reviewer by March 2021, to examine a sample of complaints made about the service the Housing Ombudsman provides. The Housing Ombudsman Service will publish the independent reviewerÕs findings, including where the Housing Ombudsman needs to improve performance and learn from outcomes. Awareness campaign 37. These changes will speed up complaints handling for residents and ensure action when needed. But in too many cases we have heard that landlordsÕ complaints processes are complex and that it is not always clear how to make a complaint. Many residents do not know how to approach the Housing Ombudsman Service and are unfamiliar with the role played by the regulator. 38. We want to make sure residents are aware of all routes open to them to raise concerns and feel confident using them. We will run an awareness campaign so social housing residents know their rights, are confident in navigating their routes to complain, and are aware of how to escalate to get redress where needed. We will work with residents, landlords, the Housing Ombudsman Service, and other organisations to ensure that the campaign is as far reaching as possible. We also expect the Housing Ombudsman Service and the regulator to do more to ensure people living in social housing know about the services they provide. 39. The Housing OmbudsmanÕs new Complaint Handling Code states that landlordÕs complaints policy should be widely publicised through as many routes as possible - for example through social media channels, in leaflets, newsletters, online and as part of regular correspondence with residents. This will be extended in future updates of the Code to require social landlords to prominently display other information including posters, for residents in their offices or shared residential areas. Removing barriers to accessing redress for social housing 40. Currently, social housing residents who want to formally escalate unresolved complaints to the Housing Ombudsman face additional hurdles compared to consumers accessing other redress schemes. Residents have to raise their issue with a Member of Parliament, a local councillor or a designated tenant panel