Should organizers who are provided the same funding under the designation of harm reduction agencies by the DOH wish to place requests to other agencies for harm reduction supplies, it should be a disqualification of their grant of $350,000. Policy Analysis The notice of funds availability for New Jersey harm reduction expansion is partially an effort to address the unfortunate reality that over one-third of NJ counties have a harm reduction agency within their jurisdiction.? The $350,000 annual grant per agency could be better spent if monitored effectively, addressing the gap between the available funds and the actual delivery of services in underfunded areas. By creating a clear and enforceable auditing system, the state can increase the reach and impact of its harm reduction programs. The proposed penalties for non-compliance, including disqualification from grant renewal, would deter potential abuses and incentivize agencies to maintain their commitment to equity and the core suite of harm reduction. This policy shift would foster a culture of greater accountability, ensuring that funds reach their intended recipients, and enhance the overall effectiveness of the Opioid Settlement FundÕs reparative efforts across New Jersey. Should issues arise during the auditing process, harm reduction agencies should be made ineligible for renewal of funding. Concurrently, scrutiny of grant allocation and corrupt practices has arisen in the private sector of addiction rehabilitation, for which the State of New Jersey Commission of Investigation emphasizes the need to monitor public investments and ensure public funding in their February 2024 report.8 The case for safeguarding harm reduction agencies granted the Opioid Settlement Fund against abuse is clear: The appropriate use of resources will work to ensure that qualifying harm reduction agencies receive grant renewals and can continue the invaluable services they provide to people who use drugs and their communities. Ultimately, audits would force the reinstatement of said funding into communities where they are due. Highlights • The New Jersey Department of Health (DOH) grants harm reduction licenses and funding to agencies to enable them to buy and distribute essential supplies. Organizations can receive $350,000 annually if they qualify for the designation.1 • A lack of verification processes for community distributor requests can lead to potential resource misallocation, which makes meeting demands for supplies, such as naloxone and safer injection kits, difficult. • NJÕs DOH should impose distribution audits for all state-registered harm reduction agencies to prevent community distributor request portalsÕ abuse by warning against inappropriate retrieval and distribution of supplies other agencies have paid for and protecting harm reductionÕs integrity. • Through state monitoring of public investments and appropriate fund usage, audits would ensure affected communities receive support and further grant renewals for qualifying harm reduction agencies.8 Implementation NJÕs DOH should impose distribution audits for all state- registered harm reduction agencies to enhance accountability and ensure proper allocation of resources. This policy aims to prevent fundsÕ and suppliesÕ misallocation, particularly by addressing the misuse of community distributor request portals. The audit policy should be introduced through the New Jersey State Legislature, ideally