chief officer of police, should be able to establish whether an area of land has been approved for that type and calibre of firearm by contacting their local police firearms licensing department. It is expected that in only a small number of cases will it be necessary to inspect the land. 12.14 When land inspections are required, the knowledge of local shooters, stalkers, gamekeepers etc. may be drawn upon. This is particularly important in cases of doubt. Decisions to refuse approval on public safety grounds should not be based on the assessment of a police employee with little or no experience in such matters and the views of those experienced in the field use of firearms should be sought before final decisions are made. Shooting organisations may also be able to assist with detailed information about the practical applications of rifle/cartridge combinations. 12.15 ÒGood reasonÓ to possess particular firearms will generally be linked to the quarry species found on the land concerned. However, conditions for the possession of such firearms may allow the certificate holder to deal with reasonable eventualities, for example, pest or game species or the humane destruction of injured animals on the estate. The Pests Act 1954 (see relevant section in Chapter 13) can be used to impose a duty with financial penalties on occupiers of land to control rabbits on their land. Under the Animals Act 1971 section 9, a person may, under certain specified circumstances, shoot a dog found worrying sheep, cattle or other livestock. Protection of livestock may constitute the Ôgood reasonÕ for possessing a rifle for some farmers or others involved in animal husbandry (see also Chapter 13). Although not stipulated in law, a shot gun may be used where dogs worrying sheep and other livestock are to be killed. Where the use of a rifle for these purposes is cited as Ògood reasonÓ, Natural England and DEFRA advise that calibres suitable for small deer would be appropriate. 12.16 The table at the end of this chapter provides guidance on whether, for the purposes of establishing Ògood reasonÓ, a particular calibre is suitable for shooting certain quarry. It should be noted that the list of calibres is not exhaustive but will serve as a useful guide. 12.17 ÔYesÕ indicates that the calibre is suitable for the purpose, and pursuit of such quarry would normally be a Ògood reasonÓ to possess such a rifle. ÔNoÕ indicates that the calibre and muzzle energy is unsuitable, unlawful or inhumane, and pursuit of such a quarry would not therefore be a Ògood reasonÓ to possess such a rifle. This, however, should not exclude the use of a larger or more powerful firearm, for which Ògood reasonÓ has been established, to shoot smaller quarry (see paragraph 97 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 12.9). In some cases an applicant will want to possess two similar firearms for the same category of use, for example, where an employer requires the applicant to use a firearm for official purposes but the