to be biphobic by the victim or any other personÕ. • Transphobic Incident: incident which is perceived to be transphobic by the victim or any other personÕ. Transphobic relates to gender issues and not sexual orientation and includes the following definitions: > Transsexual: Is a person who alters their physical appearance either by operation or hormones to become a member of the opposite sex. > Transgender: Is a person who crosses gender boundaries or a man or a woman that adopts the attributes of the opposite sex. > Transvestite: Is a man or a woman that dresses in the clothing of the opposite sex (cross-dresser) • Sectarian Incident: ÔAny incident that is perceived to be sectarian by the victim or any other personÕ. A sectarian incident would be one where the motive or perceived motive is based on hatred or prejudice towards a victim of a different sect or denomination etc. of the same religion as the offender. Examples could include incidents between Catholic and Protestant Christians, or between ShiÕa and Sunni Muslims. CRITICAL INCIDENTS and REPEAT VICTIMISATION 2.1 A Hate Incident or a Hate Crime has the potential to be or to become a Critical Incident and should be managed accordingly. This should be considered during the golden hour. 2.2 A Critical Incident is defined as ÔAny Incident where the effectiveness of the police response is likely to have a significant impact on the confidence of the victim, their family and/or their communityÕ. Further guidance is available in the publication: Critical Incident Management College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice. 2.3 Repeat Victimisation can be an issue for victims of Hate Incidents or Hate Crimes, and this would include both members of the public and police employees. The revised definition of repeat victimisation is: ÒWhen the same person or place / premises suffers from more than one incident within a rolling 12 month period or the caller self identifies that they are a repeat victim.Ó 2.4 Secondary Victimisation occurs when victims of Hate Crime or Hate Incidents experience indifference or rejection from the police, as this effectively victimises them for the second time. Secondary victimisation takes place whether or not in fact the Police show indifference or rejection; it is entirely down to how the victim perceives the interaction with the police. The onus rests entirely with the police to manage the interaction with the victim to ensure that they are left with no feelings of secondary victimisation. 2.5 Vulnerability. Victims of hate crime can often lead to being identified as being vulnerable. The revised definition of vulnerability in respect of crimes and incidents is: ÒA person is vulnerable / at risk if as a result of their situation or circumstances they are unable to protect themselves from harmÓÕ TACTICAL CONSIDERATIONS WELFARE Hate Crimes/Incidents within the Organisation Police employees who are victims of Hate Incidents or Hate Crimes will receive exactly the same high standard of service that they themselves are expected to deliver to members of the public. Reported