a bar", and then counters that in Brazil things might be different, but Por- tuguese men went there after companionship, because they were "needy", so much so that they would then want to have lunch, dinner, even marry the girls. She recounts that most of the Brazilian women married Portuguese men, including her sister-in-law, who was " happily married", and that she also lived for four years with a man she met at the "singles' bar" in Portugal. The dialog was translated by the police authority and thus "reduced to term" by the registrar: Despite the somewhat anxious and hurried tone, the woman seemed firm and sure of what she wanted to tell or not tell the police officers, trying to present the relationships' dynamics in her own terms. The first time, she trav- eled by her own initiative and paid her own tickets. That way, if she did not like it, she could leave. The second time, she at first did not wish to go, but the recruiter insisted. She then accepted a loan in order to buy the plane tickets, but settled her debt in one month because she was smart and did not drink, but rather pretended to, avoiding los- ing control so as not to be "swindled" during payment, which happened to the women who got drunk. The first part of the information was registered, but the more detailed explanations regarding the possibility of being swindled and her strategies of resistance were ignored and silenced. This does not mean that the commissioner wanted to erase the agency of so-called "trafficked women". On the contrary, he was emphatic in underlying her consent, even if by law that is irrelevant in configuring the "human trafficking" crime. Contrasting the concrete case with the idealized version of the crime, the officer notes: Retaining passports for the purpose of collecting debts, despite also not being a legal requirement in formally char- acterizing the "human trafficking" crime, is one of the most common images in political and media representations of the phenomenon, symbolizing the curtailment of freedom. It is worth noting, however, that for immigrants in an irregular situation, possessing a passport with an expired or wrong visa (tourist instead of work visa) does not pre- vent them from being viewed and treated as "undocumented". Stripped, after a few months, of its supposed power of performatively making the citizen (Peirano, 2006a), this document is converted, beyond national borders, into an "ephemeral object" (Navaro-Yashin, 2007), whose strength of materiality subsists only as a fetish of the Nation- state. The young woman questioned at the Federal Police recounts that singles' bar managers charged more or less dou- ble the value of the plane tickets, claiming this was done to cover other costs, such as free food and housing for the first weeks. The commissioner then interrupts her: "did they refrain from charging you if you arrived on time at the nightclub?". She answers she does not remember exactly. The commissioner tells the registrar that