progress or if someone is in immediate danger. Related content Get support as a victim of crime Discrimination: your rights If the crime isnÕt an emergency, call 101 or contact your local police. Find out what support y ou can get if y ouÕre the victim of crime. Get support if y ouÕre a victim of hate crime in Scotland. Explore the topic Reporting crimes Services and information Government activity Benefits Education and learning Departments Births, death, marriages and care Employing people News Business and self-employed Environment and countryside Guidance and regulation Childcare and parenting Housing and local services Research and statistics Citizenship and living in the UK Money and tax Policy papers and consultations Crime, justice and the law Passports, travel and living abroad Transparency Disabled people Visas and immigration How government works Driving and transport Working, jobs and pensions Get involved Report suspicious activity to MI5 Report any threats to national security - such as terrorism and espionage - to MI5 (also known as the Security Service). on the MI5 website Before you start Call 999 or the police anti-terrorist hotline on 0800 789 321 to report an immediate threat to life or property. Confidentiality Your message will be sent over a secure internet connection. You can choose to remain anonymous or include your contact details so the Security Service can get in touch with you. All the information you send will be treated confidentially. Other ways to contact MI5 You can report threats by phone or in writing. MI5 Freephone: 0800 111 4645 Telephone: 020 7930 9000 From outside the UK: +44 (0)20 7930 9000 Find out about call charg es (/call-charg es) The Enquiries Desk PO Box 3255 London SW1P 1AE All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright Reporting and acting on child abuse and neglect Summary of consultation responses and Government action 05 March 2018 © Crown copyright 2018 This publication is licensed under the terms of the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated. To view this licence, visit nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government- licence/version/3 Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned. Alternative format versions of this report are available on request from the Home Office, Safeguarding Unit, 2 Marsham Street, London SW1P 4DF (email: reportingandacting@homeoffice.gsi.gov.uk). Contents Introduction 2 Summary of responses and conclusions 3 Government response 5 Government action 7 Analysis of consultation responses 12 Current child protection system 15 Other measures that could be introduced 16 Mandatory Reporting 16 Duty to act 19 RespondentsÕ preferred approach 21 Scope, accountability and sanctions 22 Additional information 26 Annex A Ð The consultation analysis process 28 Annex B Ð List of organisations that responded 29 Annex C Ð Additional research submitted 35 1 Introduction All children are owed the right to be safe from harm. Keeping children safe is the responsibility of everyone who comes into contact with children and families, and we all have