covers nine or fewer local authorities). 176 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Wales 2 Each police area in Wales is to have a police and crime panel established and maintained in accordance with Part 3 of this Schedule. PART 2 PANELS ESTABLISHED BY LOCAL AUTHORITIES Establishment and maintenance of panels 3 (1) This Part of this Schedule applies in relation to each police area in England (other than the metropolitan police district), unless an order under paragraph 1(2) has effect in relation to the police area. (2) The local authority or local authorities which such a police area covers mustÑ (a) establish and maintain a police and crime panel for the police area, and (b) make the panel arrangements (see paragraph 24) for the police and crime panel. (3) In the case of a multi-authority police area, all the relevant local authorities must agree to the making or modification of the panel arrangements. (4) In the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule, a reference to a police and crime panel is a reference to a panel established and maintained in accordance with this paragraph. Membership and status 4 (1) A police and crime panel for a police area is to consist of the following membersÑ (a) the relevant number of persons properly appointed as members of the panel; and (b) the appropriate number of members co-opted by the panel. (2) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)(a), the Òrelevant numberÓ isÑ (a) ten (if the police area covers ten or fewer local authorities); or (b) the number that is equal to the number of local authorities which the police area covers (if the police area covers eleven or more local authorities). (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 6 Ð Police and crime panels Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 177 (3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (1)(b), the Òappropriate numberÓ isÑ (a) two, or (b) if a resolution of the panel under sub-paragraph (4) is in force, the number of co-opted members specified in that resolution. (4) A police and crime panel may resolve that the panel is to have the number of co-opted members specified in the resolution; but no such resolution may be passed unlessÑ (a) that number of co-opted members is greater than two; (b) the Secretary of State agrees that the panel should have that number of co- opted members; and (c) the total membership of the panel, including that number of co-opted members, would not exceed