enactment; (b) the powers and duties of the housing provider as the holder of an estate or interest in housing accommodation. (5) The Secretary of State may by orderÑ (a) amend this section; (b) amend section 20 in relation to expressions used in this section. 6 Applications without notice (1) An application for an injunction under section 1 may be made without notice being given to the respondent. (2) If an application is made without notice the court must eitherÑ (a) adjourn the proceedings and grant an interim injunction (see section 7), or (b) adjourn the proceedings without granting an interim injunction, or (c) dismiss the application. (a) 6 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Interim injunctions 7 Interim injunctions (1) This section applies where the court adjourns the hearing of an application (whether made with notice or without) for an injunction under section 1. (2) The court may grant an injunction under that section lasting until the final hearing of the application or until further order (an Òinterim injunctionÓ) if the court thinks it just to do so. (3) An interim injunction made at a hearing of which the respondent was not given notice may not have the effect of requiring the respondent to participate in particular activities. (4) Subject to that, the court has the same powers (including powers under section 4) whether or not the injunction is an interim injunction. Variation and discharge 8 Variation or discharge of injunctions (1) The court may vary or discharge an injunction under section 1 on the application ofÑ (a) the person who applied for the injunction, or (b) the respondent. (2) In subsection (1) Òthe courtÓ meansÑ (a) the court that granted the injunction, except where paragraph (b) applies; (b) the county court, where the injunction was granted by a youth court but the respondent is aged 18 or over. (3) The power to vary an injunction includes powerÑ (a) to include an additional prohibition or requirement in the injunction, or to extend the period for which a prohibition or requirement has effect; (b) to attach a power of arrest, or to extend the period for which a power of arrest has effect. (4) If an application under this section is dismissed, the party by which the dismissed application was made may make no further application under this section withoutÑ (a) the consent of the court, or (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 7 PART 1 Ð Injunctions Document Generated: 2024-05-19