abuse partners or former partners. Employers Employers have an important role to play in helping victims of domestic abuse to remain in work, in the workplace itself, and to help victims access the support they need through signposting to specialist services and raising awareness about domestic abuse. All employers need to consider what action they can take in relation to this role and their responsibilities. Employers continue to have a pivotal role as new ways of working in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, including home working and hybrid working, are established. For those experiencing abuse, the workplace can often offer a safe space and a respite away from the perpetrator. Colleagues and managers can often be the only people outside the home that victims talk to each day and are therefore uniquely placed to help spot signs of abuse. Many employers are likely to encounter employees affected by domestic abuse, either as victims, carers, witnesses to abuse, or as perpetrators. These individuals may be found in any position within an organisation. Domestic abuse can impact on victims’ ability to access work and their career prospects. Examples of how perpetrators may prevent victims from working include through threats, causing physical injuries or restraining them. Perpetrators may also try to harass victims whilst at work, abuse or threaten their colleagues or employer, or control their income. Victims may be forced to stop working when they flee from perpetrators due to having to move area or go into a refuge.201 Domestic abuse has considerable costs for the economy, with an estimated £14 billion arising from lost output due to time off work and reduced productivity from domestic abuse victims in the year to March 2017.202 Employers have a duty of care to their employees. Legally, this means that they need to abide by relevant health and safety and employment law, as well as the common law duty of care. Employers must ensure, as far as reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare at work of their employees. Employers should consider the impact of domestic abuse on their employees as part of their duty of care. As best practice, employers should develop policies to set out their approach to domestic abuse within their workforce including, for example, signposting to specialist organisations, roles and responsibilities within the organisation, any education and training available, the practical support they can offer to victims in their workforce and their approach to perpetrators in the workplace. This support offer may include access 201 TUC. Domestic violence and the workplace: A TUC Survey Report: 2014. 202 Home Office. The economic and social costs of domestic abuse: Research Report 107: 2019. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance to paid leave or flexible working arrangements which can be helpful to victims in certain situations, for example, managing appointments related to domestic abuse or finding safe accommodation. Employers should consult with staff, trade unions, employee representatives or domestic abuse charities to develop, implement and maintain a domestic abuse policy taking into account the