informed one where Chief Officers and management will be aware of the risks they are exposed to. The practical guide on how to manage and grade risks can be found through the Risk Management Practical Guide. POLICY AIM. It is a principle of Wiltshire Police to adopt a pro-active approach to Strategic Risk Management which can be defined as ÒThe culture, processes and structures that are directed towards effective management of potential opportunities and threats to the organisation achieving its objectives.Ó This policy is necessary to ensure a consistent approach is taken across the force when managing risk, and that business areas and departments make effective use of the risk management process. APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all police officers and police staff as they are integral to the identification of risks that the organisation might face. It specifically applies to the Chief Constable, the Deputy Chief Constable, and Departmental Heads. RELATED DOCUMENTS and Authorised Professional Practice (A.P.P.). Business Continuity Management Systems (BCMS) Policy Critical Incident Procedure Health and Safety Risk Management Procedure Risk Management Practical Guide The primary site on the Authorised Professional Practice relating to this policy is the Risk content area. Other relevant areas of APP are: National Decision Model Operations > Operational Planning > Strategic planning > Assessing risk and impact Critical incident management > Phase 1 Preparing > Operational risk management DATA PROTECTION AND FREEDOM OF INFORMATION. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, UK General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUALITY IMPACT. This policy has been drafted to comply with the principles of the Human Rights Act 1988 and Equality Act 2010. Members of Wiltshire Police administering this policy are responsible for ensuring that in its application, those to whom the policy applies, shall not receive less favourable treatment because of their age, colour, disability, ethnic or national origin, gender re-assignment, marital status, nationality, race, religion, sex or sexual orientation. This policy has been subject to an equality impact assessment and has been graded Low Impact. ? Revision History Date Version Summary of Changes 13.01.2023 4.0 Updated role, department and meeting titles. 11.08.2023 4.0 Reference to ELT changed to Chief Officers Group (COG) 14.08.2023 4.0 SPIO changed to COG. Risk escalation process updated. 22.09.2023 4.0 Minor amendment to responsibility of all executive leads ownership and support Template v5 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Social Media and Internet Messaging Policy and Guidance Date of Publication: November 2022 Version: 4.0 Next Review Date: November 2024 POLICY STATEMENT This policy and guidance has been implemented to provide structure and clarity in the use of social media and internet messaging forums by officers, staff and volunteers of Wiltshire Police. Social media and internet messaging services are constantly evolving. For the purposes of this policy Social Media and internet messaging refers to