assessment should be guided by the National Decision Model (NDM). Information sources A person escort record form (PER form) is used to ensure that all staff transporting and receiving detainees are provided with all the information they need. This includes details of any risks or vulnerabilities that the detainee may present. Forces must ensure that custody officers are trained and competent in completing the PER form. Forces should establish procedures to audit and assess completed forms. For further information, see APP on Information management. Police National Computer (PNC) The PNC should be considered the primary reference for recording and accessing risk information. Custody staff should have direct access to the PNC at all times. Where no information is available, custody officers and/or investigating officers should perform checks with other forces using the police national database (PND) to check for any information that may influence the care plan for a detainee in custody at this time. This is particularly relevant for detainees who reside outside of that force area. Violent offender and sex offender register Custody officers should be aware of ViSOR (VS), which may hold relevant information regarding detainees who present a high risk. Access is restricted to those with licenses, usually in public protection units. A detainee with a ViSOR entry should have a corresponding VS marker on their PNC record. If this flag is present, custody staff should contact the public protection unit or other staff with ViSOR access for further information. They should bring any relevant information to the attention of healthcare staff. Foreign nationals Forces may also obtain information from the Home Office Immigration Enforcement Command and Control Unit in the case of foreign nationals. This would also assist in identifying risk. Person escort record form The PER form provides staff transporting and receiving detainees with all necessary information. This includes any risks or vulnerabilities that the person may present. Officers must complete a PER form whenever a detainee is escorted from a police station to another location. This includes movement or transfer between separate custody suites (police stations) and other custody accommodation (courts, prisons and immigration detention facilities) and from custody to hospital. If the prisoner escort and custody services (PECS) contractor are transporting the detainee, officers must use the digital PER (dPER). Officers must complete the dPER prior to handover to PECS. There are four main sections which require input and supporting narrative: the sections on risk, offence, health and property. Where there is nil to add in a section this should be clearly stated for example, ‘no health issues or medication needs identified’. No sections should be left blank. Identifying a risk of suicide or self-harm is one of the prime purposes of the form. Staff must indicate both a current risk and any known past risks. PER/dPER form requirements Where the detainee is to be transferred from a police station, the responsibility for the PER/dPER form lies with the first custody officer who becomes aware of the transfer. The form may be