the order was made, without the consent of the defendant andÑ (1) 194 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) where the application is made by a chief officer of police, that chief officer, or (b) in any other case, the chief officer of police for the area in which the defendant resides. (8) Subsection (7) does not apply to an order containing a prohibition on foreign travel and no other prohibitions. (9) In this section Òthe appropriate courtÓ meansÑ (a) where the Crown Court or the Court of Appeal made the sexual harm prevention order, the Crown Court; (b) where an adult magistrates' court made the order, that court, an adult magistrates' court for the area in which the defendant resides or, where the application is made by a chief officer of police, any adult magistrates' court acting for a local justice area that includes any part of the chief officer's police area; (c) where a youth court made the order and the defendant is under the age of 18, that court, a youth court for the area in which the defendant resides or, where the application is made by a chief officer of police, any youth court acting for a local justice area that includes any part of the chief officer's police area; (d) where a youth court made the order and the defendant is aged 18 or over, an adult magistrates' court for the area in which the defendant resides or, where the application is made by a chief officer of police, any adult magistrates' court acting for a local justice area that includes any part of the chief officer's police area. In this subsection Òadult magistrates' courtÓ means a magistrates' court that is not a youth court. 103F Interim SHPOs (1) This section applies where an application under section 103A(4) (Òthe main applicationÓ) has not been determined. (2) An application for an order under this section (Òan interim sexual harm prevention orderÓ)Ñ (a) may be made by the complaint by which the main application is made, or (b) if the main application has been made, may be made by the person who has made that application, by complaint to the court to which that application has been made. (3) The court may, if it considers it just to do so, make an interim sexual harm prevention order, prohibiting the defendant from doing anything described in the order. (4) Such an