those on the frontline. The Home Secretary chairs a National Oversight Group to make sure this happens and all police forces have now published action plans to address HMICÕs findings. 4. However, it is also vital that the legal framework provides the best possible protection to victims. Statistics from the Crime Survey for England and Wales suggest that in 2013/14, 2 million people were victims of domestic violence and abuse. HMIC report that over one million calls were made to the police regarding domestic abuse incidents in the year prior to August 2013. Crown Prosecution Service figures indicate that 78,000 prosecutions were brought in 2013/14. This is the highest ever volume of prosecutions for domestic violence and abuse, but still falls significantly short of best estimates of prevalence. 5. From 20 August to 15 October 2014 the Government ran a consultation that asked whether the law on domestic abuse needed to be strengthened to provide better protection to victims. Through the consultation the Government identified a gap in the law relating to patterns of abuse in ongoing relationships. 85% of respondents reported that the current legal framework did not provide adequate protection to victims. 55% of consultation respondents were in favour of closing this gap through a new specific offence of domestic abuse1. 6. The new offence in the Serious Crime Act closes the gap in the current legal framework in order to capture repeated or continuous coercive or controlling behaviour, specifically where that behaviour takes place in an ongoing intimate partner or inter-familial relationship. 1 https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/strengthening-the-law-on-domestic-abuse Law prior to the new offence 7. Non-violent coercive behaviour which is a long-term campaign of abuse, may fall outside common assault, which requires the victim to fear the immediate application of unlawful violence. 8. Some patterns of non-violent domestic abuse could be captured by legislation that covers stalking and harassment. However, the law on stalking and harassment does not explicitly apply to coercive and controlling behaviour in intimate relationships. As some respondents to the consultation noted, the law on stalking and harassment is not designed to capture the dynamic of sinister exploitation of an intimate relationship to control another, particularly where a relationship is ongoing. The element of control is not such a feature of stalking or harassment, which is generally intended to intimidate or cause fear. 9. Domestic abuse adds an extra layer to such intimidation, with perpetrators operating under the guise of a close relation or partner to conceal their abuse, safe in the presumption that the victim is likely to want to continue a relationship despite the abuse. For these reasons, domestic abuse may be said to be more subversive than stalking. Even where stalking and harassment legislation may apply, Court of Appeal case law is a barrier (R v Curtis and R v Widdows) in that these behaviours have been found not to apply in ongoing intimate relationships where abuse is interspersed with affection. Changes to the law 10. The Serious Crime Act explicitly criminalises patterns of coercive