in sub-paragraph (5)] of [F656the Director General's] determination under paragraph (b) and of any action taken by [F638the Director General] under paragraph (c). [F837(2ZA) Where the [F632Director General] would contravene section 21A by sending a copy of a report in its entirety to the appropriate authority under sub-paragraph (2)(a) or to the Director of Public Prosecutions under sub-paragraph (2)(c), the [F632Director General] must instead send a copy of the report after having removed or obscured the information which by virtue of section 21A the [F632Director General] must not disclose.] [F838(2A) The first condition is that the report indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed by a person [F839(if any)] to whose conduct the investigation related. (2B) The second condition is that— the circumstances are such that, in the opinion of the [F632Director General], it is appropriate for the matters dealt with in the report to be considered by the Director of Public Prosecutions, or any matters dealt with in the report fall within any prescribed category of matters.] The Director of Public Prosecutions shall notify the [F632Director General] of any decision of his to take, or not to take, action in respect of the matters dealt with in any report a copy of which has been sent to him under sub-paragraph (2)(c). F840(4) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F841The] persons are— in the case of a complaint, the complainant and every person entitled to be kept properly informed in relation to the complaint under section 21; and in the case of a recordable conduct matter, every person entitled to be kept properly informed in relation to that matter under that section. [F842(5A) On receipt of the report [F843(or on its completion by the Director General)], the [F632Director General] shall also— seek the views of the appropriate authority on— whether any person to whose conduct the investigation related has a case to answer in respect of misconduct or gross misconduct or has no case to answer, whether or not any such person's performance is unsatisfactory, and the other matters (if any) dealt with in the report (but not on whether the conditions in sub-paragraphs (2A) and (2B) are satisfied in respect of the report), having considered the views (if any) of the appropriate authority, make a determination as to— (i) the matters described in paragraph (a)(i) and (ii), and 222 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 – Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations.