positive wellness culture into the organisation. This board, which feeds the Strategic People Board has defined terms of reference and agreed membership. 9. Information and Training Staff receive information and training in relation to health and wellbeing and wellness in the workplace as part of learning and development training programs and modules, including police officer and police staff induction, management training and risk assessment training. The health and wellbeing training session is provided by the Occupational Health Unit and incorporates stress management, TRiM, early intervention, resilience and self-awareness/responsibility. The Force also have a number of well- established employee support groups for menopause support, cancer support and Police Tots for new and expectant mothers and fathers. 10. People Services and organisational change Wiltshire Police is committed to promoting a healthy and productive workplace through developing effective policies for managing people issues. By adopting progressive people management practices such as flexible working, good line management and involving and consulting with our employees, the organisation will be able to contribute to the wellbeing of staff and will see higher levels of commitment and satisfaction and a reduction in levels of stress. Wiltshire Police works closely with staff and staff associations using the consultation framework to ensure meaningful and appropriate communication and consultation on organisational change. Communications strategies are prepared and delivered detailing clear time frames and information regarding the reasons for the proposed changes. Suitable employee consultation arrangements are in place including suitable opportunities for employees to influence change proposals where appropriate. 11. Occupational Health Department Wiltshire Police have a suitable, well-resourced and professional OHU department providing comprehensive occupational health services. The includes a full time mental health nurse practitioner. Wiltshire Police have also trained and equipped a number peer supporter and mental health first aiders to support officers and staff and compliment the work of the OHU department. 12. Employee Assistance Programme The Force also provides a twenty four hour employeeÕs assistance program, this is accessible to all officers and staff for free confidential advice and support and can assist staff with the day-day issues they may face and can help them gain a healthy balance between work and home life. 13. Trauma Risk Incident Programme (TRiM) Wiltshire Police recognises the importance of providing psychological support to staff subject to operational incidents identified as ÔtraumaticÕ and in the preceding years have implemented a number of methods such as the appointment of a welfare officer and critical incident debriefing to address this issue. Whilst not diminishing the accomplishments of such approaches, it is acknowledged that a more structured, measurable and workable process, whereby responsibility for staff welfare is shared between managers and the Occupational Heath Unit (OHU) is also required. Since 2006, the Force has adopted Trauma Risk incident Management (TRiM). TRiM is a tool to assist with early identification of problems that may lead to sickness absence and works by using set factors and questions to assess an individualÕs response to a particular situation or incident, thereby providing a structured and consistent