duties in the Police Service.Õ Joint risk assessment One of the five JESIP principles is risk assessment. See JESIP guidance on joint risk assessment. Initial incident assessment The initial incident assessment forms part of a dynamic risk assessment (outlined in the JDM) and contributes to shared situational awareness. The initial incident assessment seeks to identify any immediate potential hazards to staff and public. No single emergency response agency can initially appreciate all relevant dimensions of an emergency situation. A conscious effort is required to share information, to reach a common understanding of risks and their implications. A joint understanding of risk, achieved through sharing information about threats and hazards, enables agencies to agree potential control measures. To identify all significant hazards and to set a safety strategy, the lead emergency responder should consider setting up an incident safety advisory cell. Incident safety advisory cell The incident safety advisory cell should comprise relevant multi-agency operational practitioners, health, safety and medical professionals, and scientific advisers. The purpose of this group is to ensure the continuity of hazard identification and to manage risk control measures across agencies. Professional collaboration ensures the effective use of safety and health expertise and resources. The incident safety advisory cell should: set the strategy for safety inform the tactical decision-making process, providing timely and consistent safety-critical strategy, information and instruction to all those affected or dealing with the incident implement the operational plan and support the development of safety options to support informed inter- agency operational decision-making coordinate an oversight of health and safety advice and support advise on the incident hazard profile, assess and monitor hazards and activity, and support the recovery and clean-up, including: hazard-profiling of the scene supporting the development of incident risk assessments and management of hazards, including safe systems of work provision of pragmatic safety advice for what can often be a dynamic changing scenario and environment post-event debriefing of staff and structured organisational learning Generic risk assessment Forces are required to undertake documented risk assessments in accordance with the requirements of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974. This risk assessment is intended to identify hazards that could cause harm, to assess the risks that may arise from those hazards, and to decide on suitable measures to eliminate or control the risks. Risk assessments should be completed for all pre-planned operations and should: identify hazards that could cause harm to police officers and staff assess the risks that may arise from those hazards ensure that all control measures are in place note if any further action is required to eliminate or control the risks As the incident progresses, the officer in charge must continually assess any new hazards or risks and reassess any identified existing risks. Risk assessment forms should be retained by the officer in charge and filed with all relevant documentation. Back to Civil contingencies overview Tags Civil emergencies Title: SERIOUS CRIME BILL: INTRODUCTION OF NEW OFFENCE OF THE UNAUTHORISED POSSESSION OF KNIVES AND OFFENSIVE WEAPONS WITHIN THE PRISON