fire and rescue service scene commander a representative of other statutory investigative agencies, for example, the air accident investigation branch (AAIB), marine accident investigation branch (MAIB) and rail accident investigation branch (RAIB) Logistics coordinator Environment Agency representative local authority representative, for example an emergency planning officer, building control inspector or environmental health officer specialist contractors, landowner(s) or property owner(s) or their representative Below is an example of a command structure for the retrieval and investigation phase. A diagram of an example command structure for the retrieval and investigation phase The scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) will manage all actions undertaken during the retrieval and investigation stage of the operation at the scene on behalf of the SIM and SIO. Initially, the SERM will establish a scene evidence recovery group. This group will be responsible for delivering the outcomes required to clear the site of the incident in line with strategies set in relation to the investigation and identification process. Strategic coordination group The SCG has overall responsibility for the multi-agency management of the emergency. For further information, see civil contingencies APP. Tactical coordination group The tactical commanders of all responding agencies should come together to form a tactical coordination group (TCG). The TCG should meet at an appropriate mutually agreed location as soon as practicable. For further information, see civil contingencies APP. Mass fatality coordination group The mass fatality coordination group (MFCG) coordinates the DVI process on behalf of the gold commander and HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal It allows sensitive matters regarding the deceased to be discussed outside the SCG. Normally the MFCG will be chaired by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal or the SIM. Normally the MFCG will be chaired by HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal or the SIM. For further information see MFCG aide memoire. Mass fatalities coordination group members Members of the MFCG can include: HM Coroner or Procurator Fiscal senior identification manager (SIM) senior investigating officer (SIO) scene evidence recovery manager (SERM) supervising or lead pathologist police mortuary operations coordinator (PMOC) family liaison coordinator (FLC) a local authority representative with delegated powers around finance a legal team representative a representative of the Human Tissue Authority (HTA) any other designated individual in relation to the HTA licence key staff from planning, resourcing and logistics teams Please note this list is not exhaustive and the MFCG group members will be dependent upon the incident and changing circumstances. See here for example aide memoire. Casualty bureau incident room The Casualty Bureau (CB) Incident Room is the central point where all information related to an incident is received, collated and assessed. This includes information about people believed to be involved in the incident. The CB Incident Room provides resources and a process to manage high-volume data, to identify key or critical information at the earliest opportunity. The CB Incident Room also provides a telephone line for the public to report people involved in an incident, as well as an online reporting facility, Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). This website