regardless of gender, age, ethnicity, religion, socio-economic status, sexuality or background. If you believe that you are a victim of domestic abuse, there are signs that you can look out for including: being withdrawn, or being isolated from your family and friends having bruises, burns or bite marks on you having your finances controlled, or not being given enough to buy food, medication or pay bills not being allowed to leave your house, or stopped from going to college or work having your internet or social media use monitored, or someone else reading your texts, emails or letters being repeatedly belittled, put down or told you are worthless being pressured into sex or sexual contact being told that abuse is your fault, or that youÕre overreacting See more signs to look for. Get help and support All forms of domestic abuse are not acceptable in any situation. If youÕre experiencing domestic abuse and feel frightened of, or controlled by, a partner, an ex-partner or family member, itÕs important to remember that itÕs not your fault and there is no shame in seeking help. It may seem like a di?cult step to take, but there is support available and #YouAreNot Alone. Free, confidential support and advice is available to victims and their concerned family members or friends, 24 hours a day. Nation Helpline Contact England Refug eÕs National Domestic Abuse Helpline Northern Domestic and Sexual Abuse 0808 2000 247 Online live chat Web form 0808 802 1414 Ireland Helpline Online live chat help@dsahelpline.org Scotland Domestic Abuse and Forced Marriage Helpline Wales Live Fear Free Welsh Government funded, 24 hour, 365 day service with 0800 027 1234 Online live chat helpline@sdafmh.org.uk 0808 80 10 100 Online live chat Text specialists who make referrals info@livefearfreehelpline.wales and link to other services and advice. UK-wide The MenÕs Advice Line run by Respect is a confidential helpline specifically for male victims. 0808 801 0327 info@mensadviceline.org.uk Bright Sky app Bright Sky is a mobile app and website for anyone experiencing domestic abuse, or who is worried about someone else. The app can be downloaded for free from the app stores. Only download the app if it is safe for you to do so and if you are sure that your phone isnÕt being monitored. WomenÕs Aid local support services directory WomenÕs Aid have a directory of domestic abuse support services across the UK. If you are experiencing domestic abuse or are worried about friends or family, you can access the WomenÕs Aid live chat service 7 days a week, 10am to 6pm. helpline@womensaid.org.uk Victim Support Victim Support run these services for victims and survivors of any abuse or crime, regardless of when it occurred or if the crime was reported to the police: free, independent and confidential 24/7 Supportline 08 08 16 89 111 live chat service My Support Space - free online resource Safe Spaces Safes Spaces are safe, confidential rooms where victims can take some time to reflect, access information on specialist support services or