and Violent physical or sexual acts motivated by beliefs about an individual’s sexual orientation or gender identity. As with all victims, it is important that LGBT people are not viewed as a homogenous group. Abuse disclosed by lesbian women may be different to that of bisexual and trans women. Equally, gay men’s experiences may be different to that of bisexual or trans men. Trans specific abuse may include coercing a person into not pursuing gender transition including denying or withholding access to medical treatment or hormones, ridiculing, or exotifying their body or assaulting medically altered body parts or forcing exposure. LGBT people experience distinct personal and structural barriers in accessing help and reporting abuse. This may include services lacking quality referral pathways with LGBT specialist sector and low visibility and representation of LGBT issues within services. It can also include lack of understanding and awareness by professionals around unique forms of coercive control targeted at sexual orientation, gender identity or gender reassignment, and professionals minimising the risk experienced by LGBT people. Sex The statutory definition of domestic abuse is not specific to sex. Female victims We recognise that more women than men are affected by domestic abuse. Statistics from the last ONS bulletin showed that in the previous year, women were around twice as likely to have experienced domestic abuse than men.112 112 ONS. 2020. Domestic abuse prevalence and victim characteristics - Office for National Statistics (ons.gov.uk). Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Child-to-parent abuse appears gendered, with the majority of cases being perpetrated by sons against their mothers, although men and boys are victims too. See the 'Types of domestic abuse’ section in ‘Chapter 2 – Understanding Domestic Abuse’. In the CSEW data for the year ending March 2020, women were significantly more likely than men to be victims of each type of abuse asked about113, with the exception of sexual assault by a family member where, although higher, the difference between males and females was not significant.114 From the year ending March 2018 to the year ending March 2020, the majority of victims aged 16 and over of domestic homicides were female (76%). This contrasts with non-domestic homicides where the majority of victims were male (86%). When looking at perpetrators of female domestic homicide, 78% were a partner or ex-partner, 16% a parent and 7% a child or other family relative, such as a brother or sister.115 Male victims Men and boys who are victims of domestic abuse may face specific fears of stigmatisation, concerns about being believed, not recognising that they are victims of domestic abuse and lack of promotion of services to support them. The CSEW for year ending March 2018 shows that only half (50.8%) of male victims of partner abuse told anyone that they were a victim of partner abuse, compared to 81.3% of female victims.116 Different systemic, environmental and cultural barriers can impact groups of victims, including men and boys, and taking into account their other characteristics. Therefore, it is important that men