experiences of domestic abuse: a report on Galop’s domestic abuse advocacy service: Galop: 2017. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance language, violence and threats, jealous and controlling behaviours, damage to property, stealing and heightened sexualised behaviours. Child-to-parent abuse appears gendered, with the majority of cases being perpetrated by sons against their mothers, although men and boys are victims too.25 Like other forms of abuse, child-to-parent abuse is characterised by shame and stigma which could mean parents are less likely to report the abuse to the police. Parents may fear being blamed, disbelieved, or conversely having their child taken away from them or criminalised leaving them reluctant to seek help. Recorded incidents likely represent only a small number of real cases as families facing crisis point make the difficult decision to disclose their abuse. Victims of this type of abuse should also receive appropriate domestic abuse response and support. The Home Office intends to update the guidance on child-to-parent abuse. For more information on responding to children see ‘Chapter 6 – Agency Response to Domestic Abuse’. Box 2.2: Case Study Case Study Between 2017-2019, Caroline experienced escalating abusive behaviours from her adolescent daughter, including physical and verbal attacks, as well as threats to kill. During this time, Caroline struggled to find help and support from services and statutory agencies. When Caroline’s youngest son was assaulted by her daughter, she made the decision that she could not remain at home safely with the family but was met with the threat of abandonment prosecution by her local authority. Despite the police also raising concerns, social care services stated she was to remain at home, leaving the family to deal with high- risk incidents. Caroline was forced to home educate her daughter as she had stopped attending school. Throughout this time, her daughter’s abusive behaviour was increasing and Caroline and her family were living in constant fear. Caroline had to give uFp her job as she could not leave her daughter at home alone for fear of further risk to the family. Caroline’s requests for more support, and for her daughter to be voluntary accommodated by the local authority under section 20 of the Children Act 1989, were ignored. Caroline’s daughter’s behaviour was a daily battlefield of physical and verbal attacks. She could not leave her other children in the same room with her and had to install CCTV. Eventually provision at a care home was offered to Caroline’s daughter for two nights a week, giving the family some respite. However, she soon stopped attending when told she did not have to. 25 Baker, V , Bonnick, H. Understanding CAPVA: A rapid literature review on child and adolescent to parent violence and abuse for the Domestic Abuse Commissioner’s Office: Respect: 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic Abuse Domestic abuse can encompass a wide range of behaviours. It can but does not have to involve physical acts of violence and can include threatening