of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 109 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Review bodies for police remuneration etc 131 Abolition of Police Negotiating Board for the United Kingdom (1) The Police Negotiating Board for the United Kingdom is abolished. (2) Sections 61 and 62 of the Police Act 1996 (the Police Negotiating Board for the United Kingdom, and its functions with respect to regulations) are repealed. (3) The Secretary of State may secure the reimbursement of payments made under section 61(5) or (7) of the Police Act 1996 (payment by Scottish Ministers or Department of Justice in Northern Ireland towards expenses incurred by the Police Negotiating Board for the United Kingdom) to the extent that, by reason of the abolition of the Board, the payments are not needed. 132 Establishment of Police Remuneration Review Body (1) After Part 3 of the Police Act 1996 there is insertedÑ ÒPART 3A THE POLICE REMUNERATION REVIEW BODY 64A The Police Remuneration Review Body (1) There shall be a body called the Police Remuneration Review Body. (2) It shall consist ofÑ (a) a chair appointed by the Prime Minister, and (b) five or more other members appointed by the Secretary of State, one of whom the Secretary of State may appoint as deputy chair. (3) Before making an appointment, the Prime Minister or the Secretary of State shall consult the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland. (4) The Secretary of State may by orderÑ (a) change the name of the body established by this section, and (b) make consequential amendments to any provision contained in or made under this or any other Act. (5) A statutory instrument containing an order under subsection (4) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (6) Schedule 4B shall have effect in relation to the Police Remuneration Review Body. (1) 110 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 3A Ð The Police Remuneration Review Body CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 64B Reports by the Police Remuneration Review Body