ÒorÓ) there is insertedÑ (1) 76 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(aa) has been guilty of conduct causing or likely to cause a nuisance or annoyance to the landlord of the dwelling-house, or a person employed (whether or not by the landlord) in connection with the exercise of the landlord's housing management functions, and that is directly or indirectly related to or affects those functions,Ó. 99 Offences connected with riot (1) In Part 1 of Schedule 2 to the Housing Act 1985 (grounds on which court may order possession in relation to secure tenancies if it considers it reasonable), after Ground 2 there is insertedÑ ÒGround 2ZA The tenant or an adult residing in the dwelling-house has been convicted of an indictable offence which took place during, and at the scene of, a riot in the United Kingdom. In this GroundÑ ÒadultÓ means a person aged 18 or over; Òindictable offenceÓ does not include an offence that is triable only summarily by virtue of section 22 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 (either way offences where value involved is small); ÒriotÓ is to be construed in accordance with section 1 of the Public Order Act 1986. This Ground applies only in relation to dwelling-houses in England.Ó (2) In Part 2 of Schedule 2 to the Housing Act 1988 (grounds on which court may order possession in relation to assured tenancies if it considers it reasonable), after Ground 14 there is insertedÑ ÒGround 14ZA The tenant or an adult residing in the dwelling-house has been convicted of an indictable offence which took place during, and at the scene of, a riot in the United Kingdom. In this GroundÑ ÒadultÓ means a person aged 18 or over; Òindictable offenceÓ does not include an offence that is triable only summarily by virtue of section 22 of the Magistrates' Courts Act 1980 (either way offences where value involved is small); ÒriotÓ is to be construed in accordance with section 1 of the Public Order Act 1986. This Ground applies only in relation to dwelling-houses in England.Ó Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 77 PART 5 Ð Recovery of possession of dwelling-houses: anti-social behaviour grounds CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime