rounds of ammunition to be held (but see broad guidelines on ammunition amounts in Chapter 12); b) total number of firearms to be held; c) number of firearms per calibre; or d) time by which firearms should be purchased. ÒOne for oneÓ variations 10.36 A variation is always necessary if a certificate holder wishes to change one of the firearms, even if they wish to purchase one identical to the one they are selling (Wilson v Coombe, QueenÕs Bench Divisional Court, July 1988). ÒOne for oneÓ variation refers to firearms that are authorised to be acquired following the disposal of a firearm or a request to change an existing authority to acquire. There is no set time in which the certificate holder must apply for a replacement authority once their firearm is disposed of. The keeping of open authorities indefinitely should be discouraged, subject to a collector seeking particular firearms. Applications for Òone for oneÓ variations should be made by the certificate holder submitting their firearm certificate together with a completed Form 201V to the police firearms licensing department. Such variations are processed free of charge. In most cases, it will not be necessary to re-examine the applicantÕs circumstances. Further enquiries will be necessary, however, if for example the application is for a change of use or for a full-bore firearm when the holderÕs shooting club only has facilities for small-bore shooting. Variation/Renewal 10.37 Police forces can consider whether to renew a certificate when an application for variation is made near to the certificate expiry date, that is, within two months. The certificate runs from 5 years from the date on which it was granted or last renewed. Variations requested at the time of renewal do not attract a fee. Revocations and Cancellations 10.38 A firearm certificate may be revoked by the chief officer of police for the area in which the holder resides, on the grounds specified in section 30A(2)-(5) of the 1968 Act. The courts also have the power under section 52(1) of the 1968 Act to cancel certificates. Forces must give specific reasons for their decision to revoke a firearm certificate. Section 30A(6) of the 1968 Act provides a right of appeal against the decision to revoke in accordance with section 44 of the same Act. 10.39 Where police forces have serious concerns about a certificate holderÕs continued access to firearms prompt action must be taken to ensure no preventable harm is caused to public safety. This may involve the certificate holder being invited to voluntarily surrender their firearms, ammunition and certificate pending a review of 83 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law their continued suitability to be issued with a firearm certificate. Such a review should be carried out expeditiously, with the certificate holder informed of the progress. Should the enquiry have the result that there is no danger to the public safety, the firearms, ammunition and certificates should be returned as soon as practicable. Care should be taken in the transport and storage of guns concerned,