front face of panel at the point of aim, measured in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • If held, BFS profile: * hemispherical; * pencilling Ð if this occurs, measurements and photographs shall be taken and presented with the test report to CAST. • Details of any fragmentation/spall (if applicable). After all shots have been conducted, the following information shall be recorded and included in the test report: • Mean velocity from all shots in test series, recorded in m.s-1 to one decimal place. • 6.7. Plate testing 6.7.1. Backing material preparation Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 shall be used to fill the male shaped front and rear torso moulds (Appendix D), ensuring the material is manipulated such that no air gaps exist. A plastic wrap film is recommended as a liner for the mould to promote ease of material release. 6.7.2. Calibration methods Prior to any testing, the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 torso-shaped backing material shall be calibrated in its mould and mould support container (drawing ref. M100889/M100894) in a similar manner to formed armour testing (Section 6.6.2). A plastic wrap film is again recommended as a liner for the mould to promote ease of material release post calibration. Two calibration drops shall be performed on the rear of the test form, with indent centres a minimum distance of 100 mm apart and 75 mm from any edge of the formed torso backing material. Indentations shall have an acceptable arithmetic mean depth of depression of 19 ± 2 mm measured from the top edges of the up-turned mould with no single indentation greater than 22 mm or lower than 16 mm. If the backing material response is not within these limits, it shall be re-conditioned and re-calibrated prior to use. Cavities in the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 caused by calibration drop tests shall be refilled with Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 that has been conditioned in the same heated enclosure as the main tray. When refilling, the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 shall be pressed firmly into the cavities and smoothed, before the surface of the mould is scraped flat. Any testing using the calibrated backing material shall be conducted within 1 hour of calibration. 6.7.3. Test methods 6.7.3.1. Mounting of plates Torso backing material shall be mounted centrally onto a tray-formed Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 backing material (Figure 17), which has been stored in the same heated conditioning enclosure. Figure 17: Shaped torso backing material test configuration (left: front, right: back) The Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 tray with the shaped male torso form attached shall be mounted vertically in the test area so that the line of flight of the bullet is perpendicular to the flat surface of the rear backing tray. If there are difficulties in adhering the male shaped forms onto the Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1 trays, additional clay material from the same enclosure may be used around the edges to enable improved adhesion. Ballistic shoulders shall be attached to the edges of the flat Roma Plastilina¨ No. 1