Evaluation promotes accountability, helps to establish what has been achieved, and can inform the development and improvement of the programme in the absence of initial evidence. A good evaluation plan will have a set of questions that need to be answered and a clear process identified for addressing them, including the kind of information that will be needed, where and how it will be obtained, and what ÔsuccessÕ will look like. You may want to consider tracking your programme using records held by your establishment (for example, attendance, attainment, behaviour), attitude surveys (for example, learners, staff, parents, community), and information from local partners (for example, police data). Endnotes 1 See, for example: www.yjb.gov.uk/Publications/Resources/ Downloads/Risk%20Factors%20Summary%20fv.pdf 2 See, for example: Walker, H. M. and Gresham, F. M. (1997) ÔMaking schools safer and violence freeÕ, Intervention in School and Clinic, vol. 32 (4), pp 199Ð204; Small, M. and Dressler Tetrick, K. (2001) School Violence: An overview. Washington DC: US Department of Justice; Justino, P., Leone, M. and Salardi, P. (2013) ÔShort- and Long-Term Impact of Violence on Education: The Case of Timor LesteÕ, World Bank Economic Review; Duttweiler, P. C. and Smink, J. (1997) ÔCritical strategies for effective dropout preventionÕ, School Safety Journal, pp 4Ð9; and Howell, J. C. (1998) Youth gangs: an overview. Washington DC: US Department of Justice. 3 See, for example: www.gov.uk/government/news/ending- gang-and-youth-violence and www.gov.uk/government/ policies/reducing-knife-gun-and-gang-crime 4 For more information see: www.gov.uk/government/ publications/ending-gang-and-youth-violence-provisional- funding-allocations. 5 Available at: www.education.gov.uk/a00199342/getting-the- simple-things-right-charlie-taylors-behaviour-checklists. 6 See: www.education.gov.uk/schools/pupilsupport/ behaviour/bullying/f0076899/preventing-and-tackling- bullying. 7 Department for Education (2008) Information Sharing: Guidance for practitioners and managers. London: Department for Education. This guidance supports frontline practitioners working in child or adult services who have to make decisions about sharing personal information on a case-by-case basis. The guidance can be used to supplement local guidance and encourage good practice in information sharing and is available at: www.education.gov. uk/childrenandyoungpeople/strategy/integratedworking/ a0072915/information-sharing. Also Department for Education (2013) Working Together to Safeguard Children: A guide to inter-agency working to safeguard and promote the welfare of children. London: Department for Education. Available at: https://www.education.gov.uk/publications/ standard/publicationDetail/Page1/DFE-00030-2013. 8 The evidence presented here is an indication of the research, rather than an exhaustive list, and many of the approaches have other benefits across a range of risky behaviours. It should be noted generally that the strongest evidence of effectiveness is for early-stage interventions. A useful source of further information is Gottfredson, D. C., Cook, P. J. and Na, C. (2011) ÔSchool-Based Crime PreventionÕ. In The Oxford Handbook of Crime Prevention, Welsh, B. C. and Farrington, D. P. (eds). Oxford: Oxford University Press. 9 Jolliffe, D. and Farrington, D. P. (2008) The Influence of Mentoring on Reoffending. Stockholm: National Council for Crime Prevention; DuBois, D. L., Holloway, B. E., Valentine, J. C. and Cooper, H. (2002) ÔEffectiveness of Mentoring Programs for Youth: a meta-analytical reviewÕ, American Journal of Community Psychology, vol. 30 (2), pp 157Ð197; Jekielek, S. M., Moore, K. A., Hair, E. C. and Scarupa, H. J. (2002) Mentoring: A promising strategy for youth development. Washington DC: Child Trends. 10