affirming authorities and giving authorizations without which field- work would not have been possible. This reinforces the prevailing notarizing logic of Brazilian police units (Kant de Lima, 1995; Miranda et al, 2010). However, on a second level, the documents became the most crucial research ob- ject, both due to how they are viewed by the inspectors, investigators and commissioners who produce them and due to the crucial role they play in police management of "missing persons" cases in Rio de Janeiro. Based on these ethnographic experiences, which show how documents, seen within their production, circulation and archiving contexts, are especially profitable ethnographic artifacts in certain research contexts, we seek to con- tribute to broader discussions not only on the dynamics, effects and powers mobilized by documentation practices, but also on the challenges that dealing with documents in ethnographic fieldwork brings to anthropology and its self-representations. In order to do so, we analyze how these challenges presented themselves in our researches, proposing a dialogue with some discussions that have weaved through contemporary anthropological debates of the theme. Distancing and rapprochement between anthropology and documents In the mid-20th century, Evans-Pritchard (1950) was already drawing attention to the a-critical use of document sources as one of the problems of the not only a-historical, but anti-historical approach adopted by structural-func- tionalist anthropology, which established "participant observation" as its privileged method. If his warning "had lit- tle resonance at the time, it certainly has more today" (Stoler, 2002, p. 90). Over the past few years, several anthro- pologists have highlighted the need to go beyond documents' informational and instrumental dimension, analyz- ing them as producers of knowledge, relations, effects and affective responses (Stoler, 2002 and 2009; Cunha, 2004; Navaro-Yashin, 2007; Gupta, 2012; Ferreira, 2013) or even as artifacts whose material, aesthetic and formal proper- ties, as well as social life (or socio-technical processes) can no longer be easily ignored (Latour and Woolgar, 1997; Riles, 2006, Reed, 2006; Hull, 2012b). Despite their recent rehabilitation as ethnographic artifacts, anthropologists' relation to documents is still shot through with tensions, doubts and anxieties, no longer because it threatens the specificity of anthropology's knowl- edge practices (if we believe that these dilemmas have, or should have been, overcome), but because it produces new analytical challenges. Since ethnographic knowledge was historically represented as "diverse from, and even opposed to, that which results from documentary research" (Cunha, 2005, p.36), the task of ethnographing docu- ments may still seem strange and obscure to most ethnographers, in contrast to the allegedly self-evidence of the expression "participant observation". The epistemological devaluing of these objects, which delayed their ethnographic scrutiny, may be attributed to dif- ferent reasons. On the one hand, ethnographing documents does not guarantee the same strategies of authority de- rived from the certainties (if not of objectivity, at least of controlled partiality) produced by the experiences of direct contact and dialogue with the persons who inhabit ethnographic narratives. On the other, it requires that the re- searcher establishes a dialogue with, and consider