at the LRF meeting. This qualification of the obligation on all Category 1 responders and Category 2 responders to attend the LRF in their local resilience area, aims to ensure that meetings can be run efficiently and organisations are not over-stretched. The main requirement is that local responders must be Òeffectively representedÓ.53 53 regulation 4(8), 4(9) PAGE 33 2.67. Where Category 1 responders do not feel they are or can be effectively represented by another member of their class Ð for example, metropolitan districts and unitary authorities may consider they need to be fully engaged in the LRF Ð then the primary duty to attend the LRF applies. Similarly, where Category 2 responders Ð for example, in the telecoms or the energy sectors Ð consider that a single organisation from their sector cannot represent them all (because, for instance, the class covers a range of different types of business), they should identify a second, suitable representative organisation, or recognise that the primary duty falls on them to be involved directly. 2.68. Concerns remain that those responder organisations not attending the LRF are not engaged in its business and can fall outside the active civil protection community at the local level. Representation in some instances has tended to be determined in an ad hoc way, without regular review and renewal. In order to achieve effective representation, a more consistent procedure will be useful. Those Category 1 and 2 responders in each class in a local resilience area 54 who wish to utilise the representation procedure should have an annual meeting to nominate an organisation (or possibly more than one) from their class to represent them for the year, unless other sound mechanisms exist.55 Over the course of the year, the representative is expected to provide an effective two-way flow of information for those in its group or sector. The mandate of the representative organisation should also be clearly stated. One Category 2 utility attempting to represent all Category 2 utilities across several sectors is not likely to be effective representation. 54 See Civil Contingencies Act 2004, Schedule 1, Part 1 and 3, for classes of local responder in England and Wales. 55 In Wales, a memorandum of understanding and information handbook has been produced by the Wales Utilities Group. The document provides a framework for the companies concerned to work with Category 1 responders and other Category 2 responders to meet the requirements of the Act. It sets out how utility companies engage with responder organisations and LRFs through an engagement protocol. 2.69. A Category 1 or 2 responder which acts as an effective representative for others: o has the authorisation of other local members of its class to take part in the LRF on their behalf; o is aware of the proceedings of the LRF chief officer group, its general working group, sub-groups and task and finish groups and is ready to take forward to the LRF issues raised by local members inside and outside these groups; 56 o is