of the person delivering the presentation and/or an authorised assistant; b) the audience is arranged so that no person may gain access to the firearm(s) subject of a presentation; and c) arrangements are provided that allow for the return of the firearm being used to a secured exhibition container or safe at the conclusion of its use in the presentation. a) Conditions on movement & display of section 7(1) firearms 6.50 An exhibition of firearms held under this section may only take place with the permission of the chief officer of the police of that area. 6.51 The organiser of such an exhibition must be a person with proven experience of handling and security of firearms (e.g. a registered firearms dealer). 6.52 Permission for such an exhibition will be subject to a satisfactory risk assessment of the proposed venue by a person nominated by the chief officer of police. 6.53 Excluding events open to the public, a list of all persons attending the exhibition must be provided to the chief officer of police seven days prior to the event. Conditions for sites designated under section 7(3) (Historic handguns) 6.54 The security of the site must be of a standard agreed by the Home Office in consultation with the chief officer of police of the area concerned, and must be comparable to the security required for the storage of substantial numbers of prohibited firearms under an authority from the Secretary of State under section 5 FA1968. 6.55 The security of the site shall be sufficient to prevent the unauthorised access to the site and removal by the owner or by any other person of any firearms and ammunition stored on the site. 6.56 In particular, where any part of the site is to be used under section 7(3), security measures must be sufficient to prevent unauthorised access to firearms subject to section 7(3). 6.57 The site authorities must provide adequate storage facilities for the preservation of the firearms concerned, and take all reasonable steps and exercise all due diligence to prevent damage to the guns. 6.58 The site authorities must provide adequate facilities for the firearms concerned to be shot, maintained and studied by their owners. 6.59 The facilities and arrangements at the site must be approved by the appropriate local licensing authority and fire authority as appropriate for the storage of explosives and for the safety of those present on the site. 6.60 If members of the public are to be admitted to any part of the site to attend displays or exhibitions, then security arrangements must be such that members of the public cannot gain access to firearms or ammunition. 6.1 PART 7: FIREARMS AND AMMUNITION IN TRANSIT Carriage by Road Ð Section 1 & 2 Firearms & Ammunition Private Individuals 7.1 When carrying firearms etc. in a vehicle, the following steps are considered to accord with the duty to ensure the safe custody of the items. Vehicles Left Unattended 7.2 Whenever possible, the vehicle should not be left