offence. (4) In subsection (3), Òrelevant offenceÓ means an act whichÑ (a) constituted an offence under the law in force in the country concerned, and (b) would have constituted an offence listed in Schedule 3 (other than at paragraph 60) or in Schedule 5 if it had been done in any part of the United Kingdom. For this purpose an act punishable under the law in force in a country outside the United Kingdom constitutes an offence under that law, however it is described in that law. (5) For the purposes of section 103A, acts, behaviour, convictions and findings include those occurring before the commencement of this Part. (6) Subject to subsection (7), on an application under section 103A(4) the condition in subsection (4)(b) above (where relevant) is to be taken as met unless, not later than rules of court may provide, the defendant serves on the applicant a noticeÑ (a) stating that, on the facts as alleged with respect to the act concerned, the condition is not in the defendant's opinion met, (b) showing the grounds for that opinion, and (c) requiring the applicant to prove that the condition is met. (7) The court, if it thinks fit, may permit the defendant to require the applicant to prove that the condition is met without service of a notice under subsection (6). (8) Subsection (9) applies for the purposes of section 103A and this section. (9) In construing any reference to an offence listed in Schedule 3, any condition subject to which an offence is so listed that relatesÑ (a) to the way in which the defendant is dealt with in respect of an offence so listed or a relevant finding (as defined by section 132(9)), or (b) to the age of any person, is to be disregarded. 103C SHPOs: effect (1) A sexual harm prevention order prohibits the defendant from doing anything described in the order. (2) Subject to section 103D(1), a prohibition contained in a sexual harm prevention order has effectÑ (a) for a fixed period, specified in the order, of at least 5 years, or (a) 192 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) until further order. (3) A sexual harm prevention orderÑ (a) may specify that some of its prohibitions have effect until further order and some for a fixed period; (b) may specify different periods for different prohibitions. (4) The only prohibitions that may be included in a sexual