. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97 Crime and disorder reduction partnerships (1) The Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (c. 37) shall be amended as follows. (2) In section 5 (authorities responsible for strategies), in subsection (1), after paragraph (b) there shall be insertedÑ Ò(c) every police authority any part of whose police area so lies; (d) every fire authority any part of whose area so lies; (e) if the local government area is in England, every Primary Care Trust the whole or any part of whose area so lies; and (f) if the local government area is in Wales, every health authority the whole or any part of whose area so lies.Ó (3) After subsection (1) of that section there shall be insertedÑ (1) 140 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò(1A) The Secretary of State may by order provide in relation to any two or more local government areas in EnglandÑ (a) that the functions conferred by sections 6 to 7 below are to be carried out in relation to those areas taken together as if they constituted only one area; and (b) that the persons who for the purposes of this Chapter are to be taken to be responsible authorities in relation to the combined area are the persons who comprise every person who (apart from the order) would be a responsible authority in relation to any one or more of the areas included in the combined area. (1B) The Secretary of State shall not make an order under subsection (1A) above unlessÑ (a) an application for the order has been made jointly by all the persons who would be the responsible authorities in relation to the combined area or the Secretary of State has first consulted those persons; and (b) he considers it would be in the interests of reducing crime and disorder, or of combatting the misuse of drugs, to make the order.Ó (4) In subsection (2) of that section (consultation)Ñ (a) for paragraphs (a) and (b) there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(b) every local probation board any part of whose area lies within the area;Ó (b) at the end of paragraph (c) there shall be inserted Ò; and (d) where they are acting in relation to an area in Wales, every person or body which is of a description which is for the time being prescribed by an order under this subsection of the National Assembly for Wales;Ó.