Secretary of State under subsection (4). It shall be the duty of the chief officer of any police force to comply, as soon as practicable after receiving it, with any request by the Secretary of State to provide the Secretary of State with information which— is available to the chief officer; relates to— an applicant for registration; a registered person; or an individual who is likely to have access to information in consequence of the countersigning of applications by a particular applicant for registration or by a particular registered person; and concerns a matter which the Secretary of State has notified to the chief officer to be a matter which, in the opinion of the Secretary of State, is relevant to the determination of the suitability of individuals for having access to the information that may be provided in consequence of the countersigning of applications under this Part. In this section “relevant matter” has the same meaning as in section 113.” 102 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 6 – Miscellaneous and supplemental Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In section 119 of that Act (sources of information)— in subsections (1) and (4) (supply of information to the Secretary of State for the purposes of applications under Part V), for “for the purposes of an application under this Part” there shall be substituted “for the purpose of enabling him to carry out his functions under this Part in relation to— any application for a certificate or for registration; or the determination of whether a person should continue to be a registered person.”; after subsection (1) there shall be inserted— “(1A) Any person who keeps a list mentioned in section 113(3A) or (3C) above shall make the contents of that list available to the Secretary of State for the purpose of enabling him to carry out his functions under this Part in relation to— any application for a certificate or for registration; or the determination of whether a person should continue to be a registered person.” and in subsection (3) (payment for information provided under subsection (2)), for “subsection (2)” there shall be substituted “ section 120A(4) or subsection (2) of this section ”. [F253In section 120(2) of that Act (duty to grant registration), after “Subject to” there shall be inserted “ section 120A and ”.] [F254In section 120(3) of that Act (regulations about registration), after paragraph (a) there shall be inserted— “(aa) the nomination, in the case of a body corporate or unincorporate, of the individuals authorised to act for the body in relation to the countersigning