process with the agreement to seek a resolution. All parties should have the opportunity to seek an amicable resolution at the most appropriate stage within the process. The individual has the right to representation for all stages of the process. Confidentiality should be defined and agreed at the start of proceedings. Any serious misconduct or criminal matters may need to be escalated further. The individual party has a responsibility of confidentiality in the respect of the other parties involved. The disclosure of facts to others within the organisation will need to be formally agreed. When raising a grievance, in the first instance this can normally be raised with the line manager. Where this is not appropriate, the grievance may be referred to another line manager or the HR team, who can assign an alternative manager to support with the grievance process. All members of Wiltshire Police and the OPPC have the right to have their grievance heard through all stages within the process, up to and including the final stage of appeal with an assigned senior manager. Outline of the grievance process Stage Meet with the individual to fully understand the issues being raised Line Manager or Alternative suitable manager or Informal Explore Options HR Representation Identify Appropriate Channel Agreed timescales with all parties Formal Investigation and Resolution Once briefed on the matter the IO will meet with the individual and advise on appropriate timescales Investigating officer Agreed timescales with all parties Appeal Senior Management or Chief Officers Review initial Investigation and follow up outstanding actions if required Relevant ELT or SLT (Force or OPCC) A meeting to be set up, within 14 days of Formal stage concluding What is a grievance? ? On occasion there will be colleague disagreements that may result in a grievance being raised. If they are addressed at the earliest opportunity, they are more likely to achieve a prompt resolution. Grievances that are not resolved can leave individuals distressed and anxious over a prolonged period. Colleagues are encouraged to have discussions with their line manager or HR to enable them to explain their grievance. They will be given an opportunity to explore what a successful resolution may look like. Examples of this could be early interventions like informal conversations, mediation and engagement resolution. Formal complaints are grievances where early interventions have been unsuccessful, or considerations have been made during proceedings that the grievance is so significant/serious that it warrants enacting a formal investigation. Complaints fall into two categories, these are: Complaints against organisational decisions Behavioural complaints Issues excluded from the grievance process ? The grievance procedure is not intended to apply, and will not be used, under the following circumstances: Illegal activities, wrongdoing or malpractice (protected disclosures) and any concerns relating to this should be raised under the police force reporting An existing appeal/review process is already in place or begun i.e. job evaluation process, disciplinary/conduct matters, redundancy, flexible working or study allowance Expiry of a fixed term contract of employment Concerns related to organisational