. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . After paragraph 25 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (the police authorities outside London) there shall be inserted— “Allowances for members etc. 25A (1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, a police authority may make to its chairman, vice-chairmen and other members such payments by way of allowances as the authority may determine. Subject to sub-paragraph (6), no payment shall be made under this paragraph except in accordance with arrangements published by the authority not more than twelve months before the making of the payment. A police authority may from time to time revise any arrangements made for the purposes of this paragraph; but, no revisions shall take effect until published by the authority. It shall be the duty of a police authority, when making or revising any arrangements made for the purposes of this paragraph, to have regard to any guidance given by the Secretary of State about the payment of allowances. Payments made under this paragraph may differ according to whether the recipient is the chairman, a vice chairman or other member or is appointed under paragraph 2, 5 or 8. The Secretary of State may by regulations impose such limits as may be provided for by or under the regulations on the payments that may be made under this paragraph. A statutory instrument containing regulations under sub-paragraph (6) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. Members of standards committees 25B Paragraphs 25 and 25A shall have effect in relation to a police authority as if references to members of the authority included references to persons who are not members of the authority but are members of the authority’s standards committee; and the power to make different payments according to the recipient shall include power to make different payments to persons who are not members of the authority but are members of the authority’s standards committee.” Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) 89 Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes After paragraph 20 of Schedule 2A to that Act (the Metropolitan Police Authority) there shall be inserted— “Allowances for members etc. 20A (1) Subject to the following provisions of this paragraph, the Metropolitan Police Authority may make to its chairman, vice-chairmen and other members such payments by way of allowances as that Authority may determine. Subject to sub-paragraphs (6) and