new Domestic Abuse Protection Notice (DAPN) and Domestic Abuse Protection Order (DAPO), and placing a new duty on tier one local authorities to provide support to victims of domestic abuse, in refuges and other safe accommodation; hold perpetrators to account - extending the controlling or coercive behaviour offence to cover post-separation abuse, extending the offence of disclosing private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress to cover threats to disclose such material, creating a new offence of non-fatal strangulation or suffocation of another person, clarifying by restating in statute the general position that a person may not consent to the infliction of serious harm and, by extension, is unable to consent to their own death; transform the justice response - helping victims to give their best evidence in the criminal courts through the use of video evidence, screens and other special measures, and ensuring that victims of abuse do not suffer further trauma in family court proceedings by being cross-examined by the perpetrator; and improve performance - driving consistency and better performance in the response to domestic abuse including by putting the guidance for the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme (DVDS) on a statutory footing and providing for a 3 Factsheets have been published providing more information about the provisions of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/domestic-abuse-bill-2020-factsheets. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance statutory code of practice relating to the processing of domestic abuse data for immigration purposes. The measures of the 2021 Act will come into effect at different points following the completion of steps required for their implementation. The commencement schedule for provisions of the legislation has been published on GOV.UK. At the time of issuing this guidance not all provisions of the 2021 Act are in legal force. Those with a duty to give regard to this guidance, and others, should also refer to the commencement schedule. Objectives of the Domestic Abuse Statutory Guidance Provide clear information on what domestic abuse is and how to identify it, including the behaviours that can amount to domestic abuse and the impact on adult and child victims. Individuals may not be aware that they are a victim of domestic abuse, they might blame themselves, fear the consequences of leaving the perpetrator, not know where they can seek help, or fear that they will experience stigma and shame if they do try to seek help. This guidance aims to provide clear information on what domestic abuse is and how to identify it. Provide guidance and support to frontline professionals, and other organisations, including signposting to further resources. The guidance will support frontline professionals who have responsibilities to safeguard victims of domestic abuse. It outlines some of the strategic and operational frameworks key to providing a response, and the commissioning of domestic abuse services. It also signposts frontline professionals and wider organisations to other relevant resources relating to domestic abuse. Convey standards and promote best practice for agency and multi-agency response. There is a significant amount of work underway to improve