as Bridge Street and the highway in that district known as Richmond Terrace,] (b) so much of the highway in the postal district SW1 known as Great College Street as immediately adjoins Abingdon Street Garden, (c) Old Palace Yard, (d) Abingdon Street Garden (and its pathways), and (e) Victoria Tower Gardens. (a) 138 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 3 Ð Parliament Square etc CHAPTER 3 Ð Alcohol disorder zones Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) [ A reference to a highway in subsection (1)(a) or (aa) includes any land immediately F168(1A) adjoining that highway and to which the public have or are permitted access.] (2) In subsection (1)Ñ ÒAbingdon Street GardenÓ means the garden constructed on the sites of properties formerly known as 18 to 28 (both inclusive) Abingdon Street, London, SW1, together with the garden surrounding the adjoining Jewel Tower and the lawn surrounding the King George V Memorial; ÒhighwayÓ has the same meaning as in the Highways Act 1980 (see section 328 of that Act); ÒOld Palace YardÓ includes the King George V Memorial.] 143 Prohibited activities in controlled area of Parliament Square [F169or in Palace of Westminster controlled area] (1) A constable or authorised officer who has reasonable grounds for believing that a person is doing, or is about to do, a prohibited activity may direct the personÑ (a) to cease doing that activity, or (b) (as the case may be) not to start doing that activity. (2) For the purposes of this Part, a Òprohibited activityÓ is any of the followingÑ (a) operating any amplified noise equipment in the controlled area of Parliament Square [F170or in the Palace of Westminster controlled area]; (b) erecting or keeping erected in the controlled area of Parliament SquareÑ (i) any tent, or (ii) any other structure that is designed, or adapted, (solely or mainly) for the purpose of facilitating sleeping or staying in a place for any period; (c) using any tent or other such structure in the controlled area of Parliament Square for the purpose of sleeping or staying in that area; (d) placing or keeping in place in the controlled area of Parliament Square any sleeping equipment with a view to its use (whether or not by the person placing it or keeping it in place) for the purpose of sleeping overnight in that area; (e) using any sleeping equipment in the controlled area of Parliament Square for the purpose of sleeping overnight in that area. [F171(f) obstructing, by the use of any item or otherwise, the passage of a vehicle of any description into or out of an entrance into or exit from the Parliamentary Estate, where that entrance or exit is within, or adjoins, the Palace of Westminster controlled area.] Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c.