responders. However, there are a number of duties that the GLA currently takes on in relation to London that are additional to other Category 1 responders. 9.25. In particular, the GLA: o is responsible for the secretariat of the LRF; o is responsible for producing and maintaining a pan-London risk assessment; and publishing all or part of it in line with regulations; and o is responsible for the planning and exercising of pan-London emergency plans. o Chapter 10 Scotland Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme October 2011 Chapter 10 (Scotland) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 10.1. The Act applies to a range of bodies in Scotland. However, responsibility for making Regulations and guidance on how responders in Scotland perform their duties under the Act is split between the Scottish Ministers and Ministers of the Crown. While the majority of responders exercise functions which fall within devolved competence (and so are subject to Regulations and guidance made by the Scottish Ministers), there are three responders which exercise functions that are largely reserved on a UK-wide basis. These bodies are subject to this guidance and to the Regulations made by a Minister of the Crown. These bodies are: o the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (included as a Category 1 responder); o the British Transport Police (included as a Category 1 responder); and o the Health and Safety Executive (included as a Category 2 responder). o Additionally, three industries among the Category 2 responders are reserved matters: o gas distributors; o electricity distributors; and o telecommunications companies. It is for Ministers of the Crown to issue guidance and Regulations to the companies concerned. 10.2. The Regulations and this guidance apply to these Category 1 and 2 responders in much the same way as they apply to Category 1 and 2 responders elsewhere in the UK. The Regulations require these Category 1 and 2 responders to co-operate with other Category 1 and 2 responders in Scotland in the performance of their duties under the Act in much the same way as they are required to co-operate with other Category 1 and 2 responders in England and Wales. In particular, the Regulations require these Category 1 and 2 responders in Scotland to participate in Strategic Co-ordinating Groups (the equivalent of English and Welsh Local Resilience Forums (LRFs) and related activities, including compilation of a Community Risk Register. 10.3. Chapters 2 to 8 explain in more detail how each duty under the Act is to be performed by Category 1 and 2 responders in Scotland that fall outside devolved competence. 10.4. Regulations and guidance made by the Scottish Ministers detail how Scottish Category 1 and 2 responders, exercising functions within the devolved competence in Scotland, should perform their duties under the Act. 10.1. 10.5. In an emergency affecting Scotland, the lead Government department will be a UK Government department or the Scottish Government depending upon whether it primarily relates to a reserved or devolved matter. Where