of the IAO and confirmation that the transfer was authorised Table of contents Annex E Incident Reporting Requirements Reporting of an Incident Involving WP IT Equipment and Information Please use this report to notify any loss or theft of WP Information Assets, unauthorised disclosure of information or misuse of equipment of identification & authentication privileges. This report may be completed electronically or by hand. Once completed, you can either e-Mail the completed report to (enter Group Mailbox address) or send the hand completed report to (enter Internal Postal Address). Table of contents SECURITY INCIDENT REPORT Reporting OfficerÕs Details Name Department / Command e-Mail Telephone Number Date Reported Details of Asset 1 Type of Asset? 2 If loss of a remote access laptop, was the Secure Id token also lost? Yes No 3 Classification Official Official- Sensitive 4 Asset /Serial Numbers? 5 Date incident happened or when 1st identified? 6 Type of incident? Theft Loss Damage Accidental Deliberate Unauthorised Information Disclosure Accidental Deliberate Asset misuse Other (please state) 7 Cost of replacement (if known)? 8 Incident description 9 What action was taken when the incident occurred? 10 Crime reference number (if applicable) Subsequent Actions 11 Who has been notified of this incident? 12 What action is planned to prevent or reduce the risk of any re-occurrence? 13 What actions, if any, are outstanding? 14 Any other relevant information? 15 Do you have any recommendations for preventing this type of incident? 16 Is there any advice you would like concerning this incident? Table of contents Annex F Examples of Possible Threat Types The table gives examples of typical threats that might be considered during the threat assessment process. Threats can be caused by one or more events of a deliberate, accidental or environmental nature. Checklist 1: Potential Threat Types to Consider Threat types = D (Deliberate), A (Accidental) and E (Environmental). D is used for all deliberate actions aimed at information assets, A is used for all human actions which can accidentally damage information assets and E is used for all incidents which are not human based. Earthquake E Flooding A, D, E Hurricane E Lightning E Industrial Action A, D Bomb Attack D Use of Arms D Fire A, D Wilful Damage D Power Supply Failure A Water Supply Failure A Air Conditioning Failure A, D Hardware Failure A, D Power Fluctuation A, E Temperature / Humidity Extremes A, D ,E Dust E Electromagnetic Radiation A, D, E Electrostatic Charging E Theft D Unauthorized Use of Storage / Exchange Media A, D Deterioration of Storage Media E Human Error A, D Software Failure A, D Unauthorized Software Use A, D Masquerading of User Identity D Illegal Software Use A, D Malicious Software A, D Illegal Import or Export of Software D Maintenance Error A, D Unauthorized Network Access D Unauthorized use of Network Facilities D Technical Failure of Network Components A Transmission Errors A, D Damage to Communications Lines A, D Traffic Overloading A, D Eavesdropping of Communications D Communication Infiltration