person has asked for legal or financial advice and an interview is begun in the absence of a solicitor or qualified accountant (or the solicitor or qualified accountant has been required to leave an interview), a note should be made in the interview record. 172. The solicitor or qualified accountant may read any documents shown to, or produced by, the interviewee at the interview. Appropriate Adult 173. Where the appropriate adult is present at an interview, he or she should be informed that they are not expected to act simply as an observer, and that the purposes of their presence are, first, to advise the person being questioned and to observe whether or not the interview is being conducted properly and fairly, and secondly, to facilitate communication with the person being interviewed. Person to assist in case of physical disability 174. Appropriate officers should have regard at all times, and to consider the needs of any person who appears to be blind, visually impaired, deaf, unable to read or speak or has difficulty orally because of a speech impediment and take action accordingly. 175. A person who is blind or seriously visually impaired may be accompanied by his guide dog. The person conducting the interview should ensure that the person who is blind or seriously visually impaired has his or her solicitor, relative, the appropriate adult or some other person likely to take an interest in him or her (and not involved in the investigation) available to help in the checking of any documentation. Where 1. this Code requires written consent then the person who is assisting may be asked to sign instead if the interviewee so wishes. 176. An interviewee who is seriously physically impaired may be accompanied by an able-bodied adult aged 18 or over to provide such physical assistance, as the interviewee requires. Such a person may take no part in the interview and has none of the rights of an appropriate adult. Interpreters 177. A person should not be interviewed in the absence of a person capable of acting as interpreter: • if they have difficulty in understanding English and the person conducting the interview cannot speak the personÕs own language; or • if they are deaf or have difficulty with hearing or speaking, unless the interviewee agrees in writing that the interview may proceed without an interpreter. 178. An interpreter should also be present if a juvenile is interviewed and the appropriate adult appears to be deaf or there is doubt about his or her hearing or speaking ability, unless he or she agrees in writing that the interview should proceed without one. 179. The interpreter should be provided at the appropriate officerÕs expense. The person conducting the interview should ascertain, as far as is practicable, that the interpreter and interviewee understand each other and this should be noted on the interview record. An appropriate adult may not act as the interpreter. 180. Action taken to call an interpreter under this section and any agreement