that it is actually not desirable. For example, a public service that needs to be able to respond at a moment’s notice to any event must have extra resources and time at the ready to spend on it – something that is neither efficient nor effective in terms of officers’ overtime and public spending. COMMUNITY ORIENTATED POLICING Community Orientated Policing (COP, also known just as ‘community policing’) is meant to take the involvement of the public in their police service to a new and deeper level than that afforded in the new management styles (although it can help to meet some of the NPM accountability requirements), and to encourage non-traditional policing practice. As Skogan and Hartnett (1998) discuss, there was a coalescence of factors that made community policing possible in the US from the 1970s onwards, but particularly in the 1990s. Much of this was mentioned above in relation to the problems of the traditional approach to policing. Minority ethnic groups had developed a history of conflict with the police, sometimes culminating in urban riots. Enterprising and aspiring senior officers who were willing to embark on new approaches to these communities found their career prospects enhanced. Top police officers now often had university degrees in subjects that encouraged a receptiveness to change. Police managers, policy makers, researchers and consultants had developed a robust network to communicate new ideas and share good practice across the country. The general move towards a more effective, efficient and accountable police service was also present here along with new technologies to improve communication with a local public. This ability to target police resources more directly towards community needs, as well as a growing willingness of police managers to do so, made a ripe situation from which community policing could emerge. Unfortunately for the purposes of this chapter, it is very difficult to find a clear definition of community policing. Part of the reason for this is the nature of this type of policing, in that the needs of the local area are prioritised and thus any activities done in its name will be unique to that situation and its people. Thus the exact way in which community policing is done will vary not only between police forces but also within them. Brogden and Nijhar (2005) offer the following as guidelines for identifying community policing: Neighbourhoods or small communities serve as primary foci of police organizations and operations. Communities have unique and distinctive policing problems that conventional police organizations and responses have not traditionally addressed. Community consensus and structures should guide police response to the community’s crime and security problems. Policing should be both locally accountable and transparent. Police discretion is a fact and should be used positively to maximise community confidence in the police. (Brogden and Nijhar 2005: 23-24) The general idea then is to take policing down to a rather microscopic level of engagement, to be lead by these local actors in whichever way they see fit and to be held accountable to them.