viewed as a type of community policing, in that addressing small signs of disorder or crime in a neighbourhood would ultimately lead to a better quality of life for the local residents. In practice, this method has tended to be heavily reactionary and enforcement driven, and actually risks doing damage to police relations with a community, rather than improving them. While police officers themselves have, or are encouraged to have, a great deal of discretion in how they undertake these policing methods, the biggest influence on the manner in which these methods are enacted and ultimately on their success would seem to be performance indicators and management systems (New Public Management in the UK). At every turn we have seen how the philosophies and theories behind these policing systems have been undermined (or at best influenced by) centrally set performance targets. In some cases this is not necessarily problematic – zero tolerance policing is only marginally a community orientated approach and acts very much in the short-term (although not exclusively). But for other systems, orientating one’s work towards nationally set priorities is in direct conflict with the underlying ethos of the policing method. Several authors mentioned in this chapter have questioned the wisdom of trying to fit these types of systems within a policing service so heavily monitored by targets. Measures are currently being taken in England and Wales to modify the targets so that some of them cover community methods, but it seems these will still to be in the minority. Traditional policing methods offer the best way to meet the majority of performance indicators. There is another inherent contradiction in this situation. While, as mentioned above, police officer discretion and creativity is central to many of these policing methods, the methods themselves were imposed from above and usually with very little consultation with the staff who would be enacting them. Many new approaches to policing have been introduced in a rather short time frame, and it is not surprising that there has been resistance to them from police officers. Research has shown that the police as a whole and as individuals fare better if they have been involved in some way in the decision-making process for the organisation (Sklansky 2007). Not only do they seem to be happier workers, but the force has increased productivity and less citizen complaints. Wood and Marks (2007) have conducted research into ‘bottom up’ reform in the police and show very positive and promising results. While the intention behind many of these new policing methods was admirable (moving towards proactive and/or citizen-led policing), it would seem that their implementation has some serious problems: multiple and overlapping methods, imposed form above and in conflict with powerful performance targets. While no one method has emerged as the best way forward (nor can any of them claim to have been successfully implemented as yet), it would seem that most of them can work together if the effort is made to do so. It would also seem