likely to improve outcomes for children than a duty focused solely on reporting. A 12 number of respondents suggested that further consultation would be required should such a duty be developed in future. 58. Respondents were more concerned about the potential negative impact of introducing a mandatory reporting regime. Over two-thirds of respondents (68%) agreed that such a duty would have an adverse impact on the child protection system (e.g. impacting recruitment and retention of staff, and negatively impacting the serious case review process). Eighty-five percent (85%) of respondents agreed that mandatory reporting would not ensure that appropriate action would be taken to protect children. Just over two-thirds of respondents (70%) agreed that a statutory mandatory reporting duty would generate more child abuse and neglect reports, but a similar proportion of respondents (66%) agreed that it could divert attention from the most serious child abuse and neglect cases. 59. A small number of respondents to the consultation argued in favour of different forms of mandatory reporting based on reporting within Ôclosed institutionsÕ or Ôregulated activitiesÕ. These models, their rationale and the issues associated with them were described in annex B of the consultation materials. 60. A small number of respondents raised the idea of a concealment offence in relation to child abuse and neglect. They felt this might address scenarios where there is a conflict between reporting and the potential reputational damage to an institution. 61. Additional recent research evidence not included within the summary of research in the consultation materials was also submitted through the consultation process, as requested within the consultation document itself.4 In formulating the Government response, all such material has been considered carefully. Expanded analysis of results 62. Of those who responded to the consultation, 337 self-reported their professional sector. Those who responded by letter or email and who did not report their professional sector, were assigned one on the basis of other information in their response, wherever possible. The highest proportion of responses were from the education sector (18%) and the health sector (14%) A full breakdown of responses by sector is below. 63. While all responses have been considered carefully, we have not attempted to include in this document every point raised by respondents. 64. Unless otherwise stated, the percentages reported are based on the number of people responding to each question, rather than the number of people responding to the consultation as a whole. Percentages have been rounded to the nearest whole number. 65. The consultation adheres to the consultation principles issued by the Cabinet Office in July 2012 and updated in January 2016. 66. Questions 1Ð3 asked for information about each respondent (whether an individual or an organisation, name of organisation and sector). These three questions were introduced to the online survey response tool after the consultation had been launched. In effect, this meant that the first 47 online respondents did not address these questions. Looking across all the questions, the main categories of respondent were from the education, health and local