acts of forgetfulness, different modes of silencing and the credibility hierarchies that delimit qualified and disqualified knowledges. By moving anthropological self-representations away from ethnography as "participant observation" or as writing, toward ethnography as modes of reading, these lessons from ethnographies of/in archives allow us to broaden the analytical possibilities of "current files"3 read during ethnographic field-work in contemporary bureaucratic organi- zations. As we will see, the combination of these two reading strategies (against and along the grain) in the ethnog- raphy of "human trafficking" inquiries seeks to render explicit the power relations that permeate the production of these documents and are fixated in these papers. At the same time, it seeks to turn documentary ethnography into a way to subvert the finality and logic of this administrative police procedure. In order to do so, we must remember that, as Hull (2012b) suggests, analytically restoring documents' visibility means treating them as mediators, that is, things that "transform, translate, dislocate, distort and modify the meaning or elements that they supposedly car- ry" (Latour, 2005, p.39). Restoring documents' visibility and mediation role, especially of those documents produced in bureaucratic organi- zations, has led recent ethnographies to explore the material dimension of this paperwork. These ethnographies, many of which are heirs to works that promoted important changes in the way that anthropology deals with ob- jects (cf. Appadurai, 1986; Miller, 2013), pursue not only modes of reading, but also carrying, handling and trading documents to their ultimate analytical consequences. They draw attention to what makes papers similar, in terms of their effects, to other equally ordinary artifacts from these institutional spaces. From this perspective, "for many genres of documents, it is often less important what they stand for than, like tables and desks, how they arrange people around themselves" (Hull, 2012b, p.134). It is therefore up to the ethnographer to face them as more than recording instruments used by bureaucrats and to apprehend in what way they constitute, hierarchize, separate and connect people. A paradigmatic example of this movement is Hull's ethnography in Pakistani bureaucratic offices, which explores the centrality of documents and documentation forms in Islamabad's governance (2012b). Working from the premise that the material qualities of governmental papers are not only elements mobilized in the production of meaning, but are also driving forces behind other types of processes, his work analyzes, among other issues, the relationships between carrying, signing and producing copies of documents and the diffusion of individual respon- sibilities in favor of a certain type of "collective agency". Navaro-Yashin (2007), in turn, emphasizes the mutually constitutive relationship between producing, exchanging and transforming documents and the affects retained, transported and experimented by those who handle them. In Brazil, the pioneer and crucial works by Peirano (1986, 2006a, 2006b, 2009) have long drawn attention to the fact that the possession of documents has the capaci- ty, in certain situations, to performatively make the citizen. For identification documents, according to the author, this capacity is largely derived from the redundancy between material elements