a table in Schedule 1. (2) Subsection (3) applies to a specified authority listed in Schedule 1 in terms that refer to the exercise of particular functions or to a particular capacity that it has. (3) References in this Chapter to the authorityÕs functions are to those functions or its functions when acting in that capacity. (1) 18 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 1 Ð Functions relating to serious violence Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) In this Chapter Òlocal government areaÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district, a London borough, the City of London or the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to Wales, a county or county borough. (5) For the purposes of this Chapter the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple form part of the City of London. (6) For the purposes of this Chapter a specified authority listed in a table in Schedule 1 is an authority for the local government area or (as the case may be) each local government area listed in the corresponding entry in the second column of the table. (7) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend Schedule 1 by adding, modifying or removing a reference to a specified authority or a local government area. 12 Educational, prison and youth custody authorities (1) In this ChapterÑ Òeducational authorityÓ means a person listed in the first column of the first table in Schedule 2; Òprison authorityÓ means a person listed in the first column of the second table in Schedule 2; Òyouth custody authorityÓ means a person listed in the first column of the third table in Schedule 2. (2) For the purposes of this Chapter an educational authority, prison authority or a youth custody authority listed in a table in Schedule 2 is an authority for the local government area or (as the case may be) each local government area listed in the corresponding entry in the second column of the table. (3) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend Schedule 2 by adding, modifying or removing an entry in a table in that Schedule. 13 Preventing and reducing serious violence (1) In this ChapterÑ (a) references to preventing serious violence in an area are to preventing people from becoming involved in serious violence in the area, and (b) references to reducing serious violence in an area are to reducing instances of serious violence in the area. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 19 PART 2