and use of ANPR data including provisions for audit of the NAS. Glossary of Terms. Acronym Description ANPR Automatic Number Plate Recognition ANPR system A collection of cameras, readers & components linking to NAS Audit Standards National Standards for Compliance and Audit of Law Enforcement ANPR Camera The device used to capture an ANPR read Communications Links The connections between the camera, any local infrastructure and the NAS Controller The competent authority who alone or jointly with others determines the means and purposes of the processing of personal data. (Part 3 DPA 2018) CPIA Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 and the CPIA Code of Practice Acronym Description DPA Data Protection Act 2018 FOI Freedom of Information Act 2000 UK GDPR UK General Data Protection Regulations GSCP Government Security Classifications Policy ICO Code ICO Code of Practice for Surveillance Camera Systems LEA Law Enforcement Agency Ð includes Police forces and other agencies undertaking law enforcement activities MoPI Management of Police Information NAC National ANPR Capability NAI National ANPR Infrastructure NAS National ANPR Service NASPLE National ANPR Standards for Policing and Law Enforcement NPCC National Police ChiefsÕ Council. Personal Data Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual. See DPA 2018 READ The interpretation of a VRM by an ANPR system RIPA Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 VRM Vehicle Registration Mark 1. Access. Data Access Management. Any access to data must be for national security, counter terrorism, investigation and enforcement purposes as defined in Annex B of NASPLE or for the purpose of audit. Authorised Wiltshire Police users may access and use data within the NAS for these stated purposes providing they are compliant with applicable data protection legislation in the circumstances of each case - this would be without further authorisation unless required within the terms of NASPLE. ANPR Password Policy. Password requirements for access to NAS is based on national Cyber Security Centre guidelines and is applicable to all roles within Wiltshire Police granted access to the NAS. Authorised users will be allocated individual accounts that may only be accessed using a password in a format approved by the National Accreditor to requirements detailed in Appendix A of NASPLE. Provisions for Data access. Authorised users will be provided with least privilege access necessary to carry out their role. Data Access provision when NAS is unavailable. Data held within the local components of the NAC (Section 9.9.4 of NASPLE) can only be accessed by authorised users in circumstances where the NAS or communications to the NAS have become unavailable. Vetting Requirements for access to ANPR data. Recruitment Vetting (RV) Authorisation of Staff Access. The ANPR Specialist is accountable for the authorisation of staff who may access ANPR data. They can be contacted through ICT via HALO. Role Based Access and Training. Authorised users will only be granted access to ANPR data to an extent that is necessary and proportionate to their role. The ANPR Specialist will ensure that authorised personnel have completed all required training and are