use plays or films to show the impact of violence in order to change the attitudes of the audience. There is insufficient evidence to say that this is an effective approach to tackling youth violence. Some other interventions can be ineffective or even have a negative impact, for example, Ôscared straightÕ style programmes that look to deter young people from crime by taking them on visits to prisons. The World Health Organization report into violence and health contains more details of what programmes might have an adverse impact.30 Details Types of programme Access Quality criteriaii Number of programmesiii Blueprints for Healthy Youth Development (www.blueprint- sprograms.com) Multiple child outcomes Ð education, health, youth justice and social care activities. Open access Yes 56 to date (March 2015). All are underpinned by the highest standards of evidence. The Social Research Unit at Dartington is collaborating with Blueprints for Success to bring this database to the UK and Europe. http://dartington. org.uk/projects/ blueprints-for- success/ ii Some of the repositories have quality criteria that help to give confidence that any claimed benefits for programmes are robust. iii At time of writing (May 2013). i Details Types of programme Access Quality criteriaii Number of programmesiii Early Intervention Early Open Yes 50 at date of Foundation interventions access publication Guidebook: http:// for children (March 2015), guidebook.eif.org. and young but this number uk/ people will increase between during 2015-16 0 and 19 as reviews into in nine key a) what works to domains, prevent gang and including youth violence preventing and b) what crime, works to help violence and children develop ASB. social and emotional skills conclude. Centre of Analysis ÔYouth Open Yes 13 (4 related to for Youth Transitions interventionsÕ access violence). (CAYT) repository relating to of impact studies behaviour (www.ifs.org.uk/ programmes, centres/caytRep- school Publications) attendance, educational attainment, and employment. Project Oracle Interventions Member- Yes (www.project-ora- broadly ship cle.com) related to required improving (Free) outcomes for young people, specifically in London. Details Types of programme Access Quality criteriaii Number of programmesiii Safer Colleges Provides Open No 9 case studies, (www.safecolleges. case studies, access 2 good practice org.uk/guns-gangs- guidance reports. knives/introduction) and tools to help further education colleges address violence. Arts Alliance Provides a Open No Over 70. These Evidence Library catalogue access cover 11 different (www.artsevidence. of research participant types: org.uk) evidence related to * offenders (48); effective arts * detainees (1); programmes * Not in that are used Education, in the criminal Employment justice sector. or Training (NEET) (2); * families of offenders (4); * ex-offenders (1); * prison staff (3); * public audience (1); * young people at risk (1); * school pupils (7); * staff (3); * non-offenders (1). Details Types of programme Access Quality criteriaii Number of programmesiii Local Government Online forum Member- No 100 in total, Authority (LGA) through ship with 40 good Knowledge Hub Ð which required and promising Gang and Youth practitioners (Free) practice case Violence Special involved in studies. Interest Group tackling gang and youth violence can share and discuss