by which it purports to have been issued, or (d) it has undergone an unauthorised alteration. (4) In this Schedule ÒportÓ meansÑ (a) an airport, (b) a sea port, (c) a hoverport, (d) a heliport, (e) a railway station where passenger trains depart for, or arrive from, places outside the United Kingdom, or (f) any other place at which a person is able, or attempting, to get on or off any craft, vessel or vehicle in connection with entering or leaving Great Britain or Northern Ireland. Powers of search and seizure etc: ports 2 (1) An examining officer may exercise any of the powers under this paragraph in the case of a person at a port whom the officer believes to be there in connection withÑ (a) entering or leaving Great Britain or Northern Ireland, or (b) travelling by air within Great Britain or within Northern Ireland. (2) The powers areÑ (a) to require the person to hand over all travel documents in his or her possession for inspection by the examining officer; (b) to search for travel documents and to take possession of any that the officer finds; (c) to inspect any travel document taken from the person and to retain it while its validity is checked; (d) (subject to paragraph 4) to retain any travel document taken from the person that the examining officer believes to be invalid. (3) The power under sub-paragraph (2)(b) is a power to searchÑ (a) the person; (b) anything that the person has with him or her; (c) any vehicle in which the examining officer believes the person to have been travelling or to be about to travel. (4) An examining officerÑ (a) may stop a person or vehicle for the purposes of exercising a power under this paragraph; (b) may if necessary use reasonable force for the purpose of exercising a power under this paragraph; (c) may authorise a person to carry out on the officer's behalf a search under this paragraph. (a) 224 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Powers to seize invalid passports etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F91[Powers of search and seizure etc: places other than ports] 3 F92[(1) An examining officer who is a constable or a person appointed as an immigration officer under paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Immigration Act 1971 may exercise any of the powers under this paragraph, at a place that is not a port, if the examining officer reasonably believes that a person is in possession of a cancelled UK passport