lessons for the future. Suitable systems should be devised as part of the planning process. 7.35. Responders should be encouraged to set out a strategy for communicating with the public before, during and after a crisis. The key principles are set out under the following themes Ð when, what, how, who and to whom (see Fig 7.1) and are described under each heading in this Chapter: 7.1. 7.36. Annex 7D provides responders with details of The Ten Step Cycle, which aims to assist responders to meet the duty to communicate by setting out a step by step process to work through. It is seen as a continuous cycle and the process can be adapted to suit local needs and aid the planning process. Figure 7.1 Public communications timeline: what respondersÕ plans need to achieve 7.37. Although the duty is in two parts, there are three recognised stages to communicating with the public. There is a clear link between them and it is not always easy to separate them. 7.1. Public awareness: developing understanding and preparedness before an emergency 7.38. The more information the public have prior to an incident, the better prepared they are likely to be and the better able to respond appropriately to warnings and advice during an emergency. Past events and commissioned research have shown the population in the UK not to be particularly risk aware and to expect responders/ government to deal with emergencies as they occur, rather than preparing themselves to respond. Responders have a duty to make the public aware of the risks so that they can be encouraged to be more self-rescue orientated. 7.39. Raising the awareness of children can help provide the long term solution to changing behaviour. Children absorb information and influence family behaviour; they can also influence the wider community. 7.1. Risk communication / risk perception 7.40. Effective warnings typically begin with risk communication and pre-incident public awareness campaigns that explain how individuals may receive emergency information, and actions the public can take to prepare for emergencies. Preparedness efforts also strengthen the credibility of, and compliance with, warnings and alerts. 7.41. Understanding how people perceive and view risk is important as it can help responders tailor their communications appropriately and align messages with public perception. Perceptions are likely to vary widely across different cultures and groups. Perceptions will also be informed by a number of factors such as familiarity, control, vulnerability, timing, trust in authorities and social responsibility. How individuals perceive risks, both likelihood and impact, will influence their behaviour. High levels of risk perception are associated with higher levels of intended compliance and the tendency to act appropriately to warning information. However, there is comprehensive guidance available on how best to communicate about risks to the public without causing disproportionate concern, and Category 1 responders should be familiar with this. Public warning / alerting at the time of an emergency or when one is likely to occur 7.42. An alert or warning needs to reach as many people as