recording devices (or constituent part of the latter three items) Ð Maximum penalty: 2 yearsÕ imprisonment or unlimited fine. * List C items - tobacco, money, clothing, food, drink, letters, paper, books, tools, information technology equipment. Ð Maximum penalty: level 3 fine (currently, £1,000). 2. It is not currently a criminal offence to possess a knife, bladed or pointed weapon or other offensive weapon within prison. There are existing offences for possession of a knife or other offensive weapon in, (section 1 of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953 and sections 139 and 139A of the Criminal Justice Act (CJA) 1988,) but they are confined to public places or schools. Prisons do not fall within the definition of a public place. Currently, possession of such items is dealt with under the prison adjudication system. 3. The Prison Adjudication Process deals with instances where offences against discipline are alleged to have been committed by prisoners or young offenders. The Prison Rules 1999 and the Young Offender Institution Rules 2000 sets out what constitutes an offence against discipline, the procedure and possible punishments for those found guilty. 4. Adjudications may be conducted by the Governor of a prison (or Director of a private prison) or delegated to another suitably experienced and trained member of staff at operational managerial level. Where the disciplinary offence is also a crime the adjudicator may take a decision to suspend the adjudication and refer the case to the police. If the police (or CPS) decide not to proceed then the adjudication can be reconvened and the internal disciplinary processes continued. All but the most serious of crimes tend to be dealt with in this way as otherwise it is not possible to subsequently adjudicate if the police decline to pursue the case (where a prisoner is charged with an offence against discipline, the charge must be laid as soon as possible and save in exceptional circumstances within 48 hours of discovery of the offence). On a finding of guilt a Governor may award punishments including: loss of privileges; removal from work or from activities; stoppage of earnings; removal from a wing or cellular confinement for up to 21 days. 5. In serious cases, a Governor can refer cases to Independent Adjudicators (IAs) as they have the powers to add days to a prisonerÕs sentence. An IA may award up to 42 added days for each offence. Added days do not add to the total sentence but are taken from the period the prisoner may have served on licence in the community and are added to the period they spend in prison. IAs are District Judges or Deputy 1. District Judges approved by the Lord Chancellor for the purpose of enquiring into charges referred to them. Problem under consideration Closing a loophole in existing law 6. It is not currently a criminal offence to possess a knife or an offensive weapon within prison. Section 1(4) of the Prevention of Crime Act 1953 and section 139(7) of the Criminal