Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3C – Designations under section 38: additional powers and duties Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 263 Where the person does elect to accompany the CSO or CSV to the police station— the CSO or CSV is under a duty to remain at the police station until the CSO or CSV has transferred control of the person to the custody officer there, until control is transferred, the CSO or CSV is treated for all purposes as having the person in his or her lawful custody, and for so long as the CSO or CSV remains at the police station or in its immediate vicinity (whether before control of the person is transferred or afterwards), the CSO or CSV is under a duty to prevent the person's escape and to assist in keeping the person under control. A person who— makes off while subject to a requirement under sub-paragraph (1) or (3), or makes off while accompanying a CSO or CSV to a police station in accordance with an election under sub-paragraph (4), is guilty of an offence and liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. Powers to search etc individuals detained under paragraph 7 (1) A CSO or CSV may exercise the powers set out in sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) in relation to a person whom the CSO or CSV has required to wait for the arrival of a constable under paragraph 7(1) or (3) (whether or not that person makes an election under paragraph 7(4)). If the CSO or CSV has reasonable grounds for believing that the person may present a danger to himself or herself or to others, the CSO or CSV may search the person. If the CSO or CSV has reasonable grounds for believing that the person may have concealed on him or her anything which might be used to assist in escaping from lawful custody, the CSO or CSV may search the person for that thing. The power conferred by sub-paragraph (2) or (3)— does not authorise a CSO or CSV to require a person to remove any of his or her clothing in public other than an outer coat, jacket or gloves; does authorise a search of a person's mouth. A CSO or CSV searching a person under sub-paragraph (2) may seize and retain anything that is found, if the CSO or CSV has reasonable grounds for believing that the person searched might use it to cause physical injury to himself or herself or to any other person. A CSO or