be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òcommunity representativeÓ, in relation to a police area, means any individual or body appearing to the local policing body to represent the views of people who live in, work in or visit the area; Òlocal authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to England, a district council, a county council for an area for which there is no district council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; (b) in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council; Ô Òout-of-court disposal processÓ means the process by which a person is dealt with under section 102 or by means of a conditional caution or youth conditional caution. 102 Anti-social behaviour etc: out-of-court disposals (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) a person (P) within subsection (2) has evidence that an individual (A) has engaged in anti-social behaviour or committed an offence, (b) A admits to P that he or she has done so, (c) P thinks that the evidence is enough for taking proceedings against A for an injunction under section 1, or taking other court proceedings, but decides that it would be appropriate for A to carry out action of some sort instead, and (d) if the evidence is that A has committed an offence, P does not think that it would be more appropriate for A to be given a caution or a fixed penalty notice. (2) The persons within this subsection areÑ (a) a constable; (b) an investigating officer; (c) a person authorised by a relevant prosecutor for the purposes of section 22 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (conditional cautions) or section 66A of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 (youth conditional cautions). (3) Before deciding what action to invite A to carry out, P must make reasonable efforts to obtain the views of the victim (if any) of the anti-social behaviour or the offence, and in particular the victim's views as to whether A should carry out any of the actions listed in the community remedy document. (4) If the victim expresses the view that A should carry out a particular action listed in the community remedy document, P must invite A to carry out that action unless it seems to P that it would be inappropriate to do so. (5) WhereÑ (1) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 81 PART 6 Ð Local involvement and accountability CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force