has an impact on levels of violence.23 * However, making Ôsafe spacesÕ (that is building an educational environment that young people feel is well monitored/ controlled, with harassment and victimisation actively prevented) in general may be one way to address violence in educational establishments. * Safe school environments can improve academic achievement, reduce weapons- carrying and prevent violence in general.24 Knife arches may have a part to play in this. Education/ attitude change programmes * There are a number of school-based education programmes targeted at reducing youth violence and gang membership, or changing attitudes to gangs, guns and knife crime. However, few have been evaluated and it is uncertain whether they have a long-term impact on behaviour. The ÔRealising AmbitionÕ project is currently evaluating a number of such crime prevention interventions, and they are in the process of obtaining more data on the outcomes of these programmes. The evidence will be published regularly until the end of the programme in 2017 (see Resource C). Extra- curricular activities * There is some evidence to suggest that extra-curricular programmes that provide well structured, youth-led activities (for example, sports, art, music, drama) may have a small positive effect on self-esteem and risky behaviour. * However, it is not clear whether any particular activities are more or less effective than others. * Some studies suggest that loosely structured activities may actually make things worse (possibly because unstructured clubs mean that young people will be meeting peers who may frequently engage in crime). * Whatever the specific activities, the research suggests that programmes should be comprehensive (addressing a range of risk factors for violence, for example, social skills, behavioural control and peer networks), age/ development appropriate, long term, and that they should attract, retain and build good relationships with young people who are genuinely at risk of offending.25 Conflict resolution * Conflict resolution programmes typically include a series of steps to help individuals to develop non-violent responses to conflict: setting ground rules; listening; finding common interests; brainstorming solutions to the problem; and discussing solutions.26 * A survey by Goldsmiths College for the Anti-Bullying Alliance, commissioned by the Department for Education in 2011 reported a high degree of teacher satisfaction in using restorative approaches to resolve conflict.27 * Evidence about the effectiveness of conflict resolution is limited. The studies that have been done show mixed results, although some positive outcomes have been reported.28 Approaches with a lack of evidence Ex-gang member testimonials There are multiple examples of former gang members visiting schools to talk about their experiences in the gang and why they left. However, there is insufficient evidence to say whether this is an effective approach to tackling youth violence. Drama education programmes Such programmes use plays or films to show the impact of violence in order to change the attitudes of the audience. There is insufficient evidence to say that this is an effective approach to tackling youth violence. Some other interventions can be ineffective or even have a negative impact, for example, Ôscared