the status and limits of advice; o clearly flag up areas of uncertainty or assumptions that have been made; and o consider the use of disclaimers where appropriate. 8.66. However, liability issues should not deter local authorities from giving detailed advice and assistance. If managed correctly, the risk of legal challenge is limited, and far outweighed by the demand from organisations for support, and the possible benefits in terms of community resilience. 8.1. Referring organisations to a third party 8.67. The local authority should avoid giving definitive recommendations, or endorsing individual consultants. Its role is to direct firms to organisations that could assist them, and suggest the criteria for selecting a service provider. These could include: o professional qualifications/certification; o membership of a professional organisation; o experience in relevant aspects of BCM; o track record of completing similar tasks; and o adequate professional indemnity insurance. 8.68. The Business Continuity Institute (BCI) (http://www.thebci.org) provides a certification scheme for business continuity professionals. It publishes a list of consultants it deems to be experienced, qualified and competent in particular areas, and operates a code of practice for members. The Continuity Forum also provides a service designed to help connect consultants with clients: Consultancy Signpost lists individuals and organisations who provide consultancy services covering business continuity and its related disciplines. It is publicly available via the front page of the Continuity ForumÕs website http://www.continuityforum.org. The BCI and the Chartered Management Institute are useful sources of advice on commissioning consultants. The local authority can also facilitate the sharing of feedback on consultants by maintaining records of the organisations who have sought its advice about the engagement of a third party. 8.69. Nonetheless, the local authority will need to make it clear to firms that the choice of consultant is their sole responsibility, and that the local authority shall not be liable for any damage or loss suffered as a result. 8.1. BCM advice to the community and the LRF process 8.70. The arrangements for multi-agency co-operation established by the Act will establish a framework for delivering joined-up and effective civil protection. BCM promotion is an integral part of the wider package of civil protection activity, and requires multi-agency co-operation and information-sharing to be effective. 8.71. Local authorities will want to consider how they use this wider framework to deliver the co-ordination and buy-in required for effective BCM advice and assistance activity. Much can be achieved through informal working-level contact, but there may be some merit in formalising this co-operation. This could take the form of: o regular discussions at working-level liaison groups; o establishing a community resilience subgroup of the LRF; or o discussion at LRF meetings. 8.72. The approach taken will depend, in large part, on the nature of the local authoritiesÕ programmes, the means used to deliver the message, and the extent of the involvement of other agencies in the process. It is good practice for the full LRF to be given a chance to discuss BCM promotion work once each year. Identifying