must be as concise as possible and only contain accurate and relevant information All crime occurrences must have an appropriate finalising stats classification OIC/Crime Standards Compliance Officer Table of Contents 2.1.9 Custody Records - Detailed Data Standards Ð Entity Event Standard Ownership Notes There must be sufficient occurrences created and linked to the Arrest / offences tab of the custody record to reflect the number of crimes/occurrences under investigation. OIC When a sequence of crimes between the same IP and suspect are reported to the police at the same time only one crime should be recorded as per the HOCR - finished incident rule. The principal crime rule is then applied which means the most serious crime of the sequence reported will be recorded and classified The correct offence must be selected in the ÒreasonÓ field of the Arrest / offences tab. Custody An Arrest Summons Number must be created after the completion of a PNC names check/Live ID Custody An ASN must be created in relation to custody records for recordable offences at the earliest possible opportunity. Custody All descriptive details must be accurately recorded. Custody Birthplace/country/nationality must be accurately recorded. Custody Residential addresses of nominal must be verified. Custody Old residential addresses must be end dated. All staff Each occurrence attached to a custody record must have a disposal Custody Case files must be created with the correct Criminal Justice Unit and CPS office. OIC There must be sufficient case files created to correctly accommodate the number of disposals being applied. Custody Disposals must be linked to the appropriate case file. Custody Where applicable, defendants must be bailed to the correct court Custody Where applicable, multiple defendants in a case must be bailed to the same court date. Custody The following information will be up- loaded to PND: - Detainee details - Custody location - Offence details - PACE Bail details - Released under Investigation - Pre-Court Disposal details - In case of a non-reportable custody record only the Detainee details will be uploaded to PND Table of Contents Annex C Ð ÔHow toÕ Guide 3.1 Process Standards 3.1.1 Linking Standard Ownership Notes All involved people, addresses, vehicles, businesses and telephone numbers should be linked to the involvements tab Linker If a member of staff is on duty when they are involved in an incident then their staff record can be used. If they are off duty a person record MUST be used instead Linker No personal information should ever be linked to a staff record If any member of staff identifies or creates a duplicate record they must inform the DQT ASAP All staff All records not linked directly to an occurrence via the involved tab must reference the occurrence to which the relate in the record link This helps identify potential orphan records (records which are not directly linked to an occurrence and have no policing purpose to be on Niche). An example of this could be the registered keeper of a vehicle where only the