the time being specified in the order. (2) Where a supervision order is made, the original applicant must straight away provide a copy of so much of the order as is relevantÑ (a) in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying a place under paragraph 4(1)(a), to the person in charge of that place; (b) in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying an activity under paragraph 4(1)(b), to the person in charge of that activity; (c) in a case where the order includes an activity requirement specifying a residential exercise under paragraph 4(1)(c), to the person in charge of the place or activity specified under paragraph 4(5) in relation to that residential exercise; (d) in a case where the order contains an electronic monitoring requirement, toÑ (i) any person who by virtue of paragraph 6(4) will be responsible for the electronic monitoring, and (ii) any person without whose consent that requirement could not have been included in the order. (3) A court that revokes or amends a supervision order must straight away provide a copy of the revoking order, or of the order as amended, toÑ (a) the defaulter; (b) the youth offending team for the time being specified in the order. (4) WhereÑ (a) a copy of a supervision order (or part of a supervision order) has been given to a person under sub-paragraph (2) by virtue of a requirement contained in the order, and (b) the order is revoked, or amended in respect of that requirement, the original applicant must straight away give a copy of the revoking order, or of so much of the order as amended as is relevant, to that person. 180 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PART 3 DETENTION ORDERS Detention orders 14 (1) A detention order is an order that the person in respect of whom it is made (Òthe defaulterÓ) be detained for a period specified in the order in whatever youth detention accommodation the Secretary of State decides. (2) The period specified under sub-paragraph (1) may not exceed the period of 3 months (not counting the day on which the order is made). (3) In sub-paragraph (1) Òyouth detention accommodationÓ meansÑ (a) a secure training centre; (b) a young offender institution; (c) secure accommodation, as defined by section 23(12) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969. (4) The function of the Secretary of State under sub-paragraph (1) is