without notice is made by virtue of section 39, and (b) the proceedings are adjourned (otherwise than at a full hearing within the meaning of that section). (2) The court may grant an interim injunction if it thinks that it is necessary to do so. (3) An interim injunction under this section may not have the effect of requiring the respondent to participate in particular activities. (4) Except as provided by subsection (3), an interim injunction under this section may include any provision which the court has power to include in an injunction granted under section 34 (including a power of arrest). Variation and discharge 42 Variation or discharge of injunctions (1) The court may vary or discharge an injunction under this Part if- (a) a review hearing is held, or (b) an application to vary or discharge the injunction is made. (2) An application to vary or discharge the injunction may be made by- (a) the person who applied for the injunction; (b) the respondent. 57 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing (3) The power to vary an injunction includes power to- (a) include an additional prohibition or requirement in the injunction; (b) extend the period for which a prohibition or requirement in the injunction has effect (subject to section 36(2); (c) attach a power of arrest or extend the period for which a power of arrest attached to the injunction has effect. (4) Section 36(4) does not apply where an injunction is varied to include a prohibition or requirement which is to have effect as mentioned in that provision but the variation is made within (or at any time after) the period of 4 weeks mentioned in it. (4A) Section 36(4A) does not apply where an injunction is varied to include a prohibition or requirement which is to have effect as mentioned in that provision but the variation is made within (or at any time after) the period of four weeks ending with the respondentÕs 18th birthday. (5) Before applying for the variation or discharge of an injunction, a person mentioned in subsection (2)(a) must notify the persons consulted under section 38(1) or 39(5). (6) If an application to vary or discharge an injunction under this Part is dismissed, no further application to vary or discharge it may be made by any person without the consent of the court. Arrest and remand 43 Arrest without warrant (1) This section applies if a power of arrest is attached to a provision of an injunction under this Part. (2) A constable may arrest without warrant a person whom the constable has reasonable cause to suspect to be in breach of the provision. (3) If a constable arrests a person under subsection (2), the constable must inform the person who applied for the injunction. (4) A person arrested under subsection (2) must be brought before a relevant judge within the period of 24 hours beginning with the time of the arrest. (5) If the matter is