58 regulation 4(2), 4(3) 59 regulation 4(4). Co-operation can take many forms. In this list, two only (meetings and information sharing) are identified because they are considered to be the most time-consuming for Category 2 responders. For a fuller description of co-operation, see paragraph 10 above. PAGE 36 o identifying hazards and risks as the basis for specific emergency plans and exercise scenarios (meetings); o identifying business risks as part of BC planning (information sharing); o discussions with partners when developing procedures for specific plans, for multi-agency plans, and for LRF multi-agency plans (meetings); o discussions with partners when developing and planning exercises (meetings); and o discussions with partners about co-ordinating and formulating warning and informing messages (meetings). 2.74. Some of these areas require direct contact for the Category 1 responder with a specific Category 2 partner and are unlikely to be addressed by a representative, or by other means. Therefore, the processes of attempting to manage the burden on Category 2 responders outlined below (see ÒThe Right Issue, At the Right Time, At the Right LevelÓ, paragraphs 2.83 - 2.87) will not meet all cases, and Category 2 responders should expect to continue to address some direct requests from Category 1 responders. 2.75. Category 2 responders should expect to deal directly with the following expectations from Category 1 responders: o to meet with them occasionally to help them deliver their statutory tasks; o to take part in relevant exercises; and o to assist with information to help them complete their statutory tasks. o The Category 2 role is not a passive one. Category 2 responders should be engaged actively with Category 1 responders in making the relationship work. 2.76. The expectation that Category 2 responders will take part in relevant local exercises is particularly important and needs to be managed carefully. Category 2 responders are subject to requests to take part in civil protection exercise programmes organised nationally or across multi-LRF boundaries. It is reasonable, nevertheless, for Category 1 responders to expect Category 2 responder involvement in local exercises where a clear need is demonstrated. 2.77. In terms of the obligation under the Act to attend the LRF chief officer group, the requirements on Category 2 representatives are moderated in two ways: o They must consider attendance at all meetings; 60 o They must attend meetings where all Category 1 responders in that local resilience area have invited them.61 In practice, Category 2 responders or their representatives should give careful consideration to attending those meetings where items of relevance to them are on the agenda. If all Category 1 responders in the area request their attendance at a particular meeting, then the Category 2 responder or its representative must do so. However, this power to require attendance should only be used by the Category 1 responders where the item for discussion is relevant to the Category 2 responder. 60 regulation 4(9)(b) 61 regulation 4(9)(a) PAGE 38 2.78. Whether a matter is of relevance or not will be determined by