correspondence, case files, intelligence reports and historical records. It exists in many formats from databases through e-Mail, persistent and non persistent messaging, paper, video and digital / magnetic media. Information is not the same as Information Technology (IT) Ð IT Infrastructure, Systems, Services and Applications are the assets / platforms on which information is stored, processed, manipulated, retrieved, output, communicated, exchanged and managed. Therefore, information risks are not necessarily the same as IT security risks although managing IT security risks is a fundamental / critical component of any strategy to manage information risks. Risk management not only means mitigating risks but also taking considered risks where the rewards are expected to be greater than any short term losses. The risks of not managing information illustrate this. Information Risks have the same characteristics as other organisational risks and must be managed with the same degree of consideration. A Risk Assessment (RA) is essential to prioritise the correct actions for each part of our business. Some information, for example web publications, rarely carries security risks associated with disclosure Ð the risks here are more likely to be about tampering with the published official record or failure to achieve sufficient dissemination of key information. This is in contrast with Classified or other sensitive information where risks are more likely to be around confidentiality, disclosure or integrity although there are cases which demonstrate that there are also risks in not sharing sensitive information and of not maintaining sufficiently accurate records. What is Information Risk Management? Information Risk Management (IRM) adapts the generic processes of Risk Management and applies it to the Confidentiality (the property that information is not made available or disclosed to unauthorised individuals), Integrity (the property of safeguarding the accuracy and completeness of information) and Availability (the property of being accessible and usable on demand by an authorised and authenticated entity) of information and the information environment. Table of contents Information Risks when realised are therefore threats to: Confidentiality Ð resulting in unauthorised access or disclosure Integrity Ð resulting in inaccurate, incomplete or corrupted information or data Availability Ð resulting in authorised and authenticated users not being able to access information on demand Information Risk Management must be incorporated into all decisions in day to day operations and when effectively used is a tool for managing information proactively rather than reactively. 2. Information Risk Management Policy This policy sets out the Wiltshire Police Commitment to the management of information risk. Responsibility & Accountability Senior Information Risk Owner (SIRO) Ð Deputy Chief Constable with responsibilities as set out at Annex A including responsibility for advising the Accounting Officer (Chief Constable) on information risk exposure, accepting or rejecting residual information risks on behalf of the AO and setting this policy. The SIRO is the only person authorised to approve deviations to this policy. Head of Information Management & Assurance (Deputy SIRO) Ð directly responsible to and accountable for the provision of information management and governance advice and guidance to the SIRO, presenting and promoting