in a manner that contributes to the investigation and preserves its integrity to work with the family in order to comply with their Rights to receive all relevant information connected with the enquiry, subject to the needs of the investigation, in a way that is proportionate to their fundamental right to respect for their privacy and family life to ensure that the family are given information about support agencies and that appropriate referrals are made to: the Homicide Service victim and witness support the NHS and social services credible support charities, in accordance with the familyÕs consent and wishes Family liaison strategy The senior investigating officer (SIO) is responsible for setting the family liaison strategy. FLOs and family liaison coordinators (FLCs) should work to the strategyÕs aims and objectives. In setting the strategy, the SIO should consider: the requirements of the investigation the needs of the family the selection, deployment, supervision and management of the FLOs The SIO is responsible for the risk assessment of all FLO deployments. For further information, see the NPCC (2021) Major Crime Investigation Manual (MCIM). Under the Victims Code, Right 4 bereaved close relatives have the right to a family liaison officer. Objectives for a family liaison strategy The trauma associated with a sudden and violent death places the family of a victim under immense personal pressure at a time when the investigation could be making significant demands for detailed information. Family liaison is underpinned by sensitivity, compassion and respect for the familyÕs needs and requirements. It should be understood that the family may be dealing with a range of very challenging issues at this time as well as their bereavement. Initial priorities should be to establish the needs, requirements and communication channels with the family, to allow information to be gathered and to provide them with any information or help they require, taking the needs of the investigation into account. The following objectives should be considered as part of the FLO strategy. Gather evidence and information from the family in a manner that contributes to the investigation and preserves its integrity. Provide information to the family, subject to the needs of the investigation, and in a way that respects their human rights and the need for dignity. Provide the family with information about support that is available and, where appropriate, make referrals to relevant support services with the consent of the family, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Explain coronial and victim identification procedures, and criminal justice processes, to the family. Explain the police communication and media strategy, and assist the family in managing the potential impact that the media may have on them and the investigation. Ensure the health and wellbeing of family liaison officers. Manage the conclusion or withdrawal of family liaison deployments The SIO should ensure that FLOs remain focused on achieving the strategic objectives set for them. It is only when these objectives are met that the FLO will conclude their deployment.