Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (5) In subsections (4)(a), (5)(a), (6) and (8A), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. 282 (1) Section 16 (payment for assistance with investigations) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ (in each place) substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) in paragraph (b)(i), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. (3) In subsection (4)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) in paragraph (a), for Òthat authorityÓ substitute Ò that body Ó; (c) in paragraph (b)(i), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. (4) In subsection (5), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. (5) In subsection (6), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ (in each place) substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. 283 (1) Section 16A (police investigations: National Police Improvement Agency involvement) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In subsection (1), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. (3) In subsection (7)Ñ (a) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) in paragraph (b)(i), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. 284 In section 17 (provision of information to the Commission)Ñ (a) in subsection (1)(a), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) in subsection (2)Ñ (i) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (ii) in paragraph (a), for Òthat authorityÓ substitute Ò that body Ó; (c) in subsection (4)Ñ (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 315 (i) for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (ii) in paragraphs (a) and (b), for Òthat authorityÓ substitute Ò that body Ó; (d) in subsection (6), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. 285 In section 18 (inspections of police premises on behalf of Commission)Ñ (a) in subsection (1)Ñ (i) for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the body Ó; (ii) in paragraph (a), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó; (b) in subsection (3), for Òthe authorityÓ substitute Ò the body Ó; (c) in subsection (5)(b), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. 286 In section 20 (duty to keep the complainant informed), in subsection (8), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. 287 (1) Section 22 (power of Commission to issue guidance) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)(a), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. (3) In subsection (3), for paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(a) such persons as appear to the Commission to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (aa) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (ab) the Common Council;Ó.