chief officers of police may impose other conditions appropriate to individual circumstances. As the courts have held ('R v Cambridge Crown Court ex parte Buckland, 1998') that there is no right of appeal against the imposition of conditions (as opposed to a refusal to grant or renew a certificate) chief officers will wish to be cautious in imposing conditions that might amount to a constructive refusal to grant or renew a certificate, that is, additional conditions that would make possession or use so difficult as to be redundant in practice. There is a right of appeal against a decision to refuse to vary the existing conditions attached to a firearm certificate (section 29 of the 1968 Act), but not against the initial decision to impose conditions. 10.12 Every effort must be made to limit the number of additional conditions imposed on a firearm certificate and ensure that they are not contradictory. Care should be taken, however, to ensure that all Ôgood reasonsÕ for which a firearm is possessed are allowed for, for instance stalking and target shooting. 10.13 There is no requirement to establish Ôgood reasonÕ for additional conditions or the addition of quarry species to an existing condition where Ôgood reasonÕ already exists for the possession of a firearm in the first instance (see Chapter 12). Firearms should be conditioned to provide flexibility with quarry shooting by allowing all lawful quarry (see Appendix 3). 10.14 Conditions setting out arbitrary time limits for acquiring firearms and ammunition should not be imposed. However, the chief officer may during the life of a certificate or at the time of certificate renewal enquire why an authority to acquire has not 78 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law been exercised and consider that part of the renewal in the light of the reason given. It should be borne in mind that a collector may face difficulty in finding examples of collectible or heritage firearms suitable for their collections and that a time limit should not apply where reasonable attempts to procure the firearm(s) concerned are being or have been made. 10.15 Chief officers of police are empowered to impose conditions if they think that the circumstances of the individual case mean that the condition is necessary to ensure the effective operation of the firearms controls and to minimise the risk to public safety. Forces should note that those conditions relating to otherwise prohibited firearms and ammunition such as expanding ammunition for pistols are statutory. The chief officer does not have discretion to grant a certificate for such firearms and ammunition beyond the terms of the statutory exemptions for these items. Territorial Conditions on use 10.16 A territorial condition restricts the areas where a firearm may be used by a person who holds a firearm for sporting purposes or for the shooting of problem wildlife It is important that there should be standardisation of practice amongst forces and for this purpose it is recommended that new certificate holders should be limited to land considered suitable by