for a review of the decision; and in that case that person may appeal to an appeals tribunal from any decision of that other person as a result of which he is dismissed, required to resign or reduced in rank. The Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrument— make provision equivalent, subject to such modifications as the Secretary of State thinks fit, to that made in relation to police appeals tribunals by any provision of Schedule 6 to the Police Act 1996 (c. 16) or Schedule 3 to the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77); make provision as to procedure on appeals to appeals tribunals under this section; and make provision enabling an appeals tribunal to require any person to attend a hearing and to give evidence or produce documents. Regulations made by virtue of subsection (3)(c) above may, in particular, apply subsections (2) and (3) of section 250 of the Local Government Act 1972 (c. 70) or subsections (4) and (5) of section 210 of the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 (c. 65) with such modifications as may be set out in the regulations. Where an appeals tribunal allows an appeal it may, if it considers that it is appropriate to do so, make an order dealing with the appellant in a way which— appears to the tribunal to be less severe than the way in which he was dealt with by the decision appealed against; and is a way in which he could have been dealt with by the person who made the decision. Any statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (3) above shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. In this section “an appeals tribunal” means a tribunal constituted in accordance with regulations under subsection (3) above.” In section 1 of that Act (establishment of Ministry of Defence Police), for subsection (5) there shall be substituted— 130 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 – The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes “(5) The Secretary of State shall appoint a committee, to be known as the Ministry of Defence Police Committee— to advise him with respect to such matters concerning the Ministry of Defence Police as he may from time to time require; and to exercise such other functions as may be conferred on it by or under this Act; and the Secretary of State may make regulations concerning the membership and the procedure of the Committee.” After section 6 of that Act