reasonably be expected as a normal part of your job description. • Intimate relationships with any members of the public where contact was established for a policing purpose or on police business (even where the contact for a policing purpose has now ceased). This would include situations where a member of Wiltshire Police forms a sexual relationship or a close friendship that could be seen as sexually motivated, with a current or former informant, a case officer with a victim or witness in a current or closed case or a Family Liaison Officer with a member of the deceasedÕs family. There is no definitive list of Notifiable Associations; however, this policy gives numerous examples throughout. The criteria used is whether it would it be obvious to a reasonable person that an association requires reporting. It is a matter for the individual viewing this policy to decide whether they should disclose information whilst bearing in mind the duty imposed upon all members of Wiltshire Police in this regard. If in doubt or if further guidance is required, contact should be made with CCU as soon as practicable: CCU@wiltshire.police.uk 4. DEFINITIONS Personal Relationship - A close friendship or intimate relationship with a member of the public which develops above and beyond what is necessary as part of the role as a representative of Wiltshire Police. Table of Contents This could include meeting or uniting for a common purpose, keeping company or being familiar with, being an ally, confederate, partner or colleague, having a friendship, intimacy or connection, being a member of a group, organisation or society which is formed for the promotion of a common objective or aim. Inappropriate Association - Any association will be deemed inappropriate if the personal relationship or involvement with an individual, group or organisation has the potential or is likely to: • Compromise the individual member of Wiltshire Police, or • Compromise the operation of Wiltshire Police, or • Compromise the reputation of Wiltshire Police, or • Undermine public confidence in Wiltshire Police. There is no definitive list of associations which will be deemed inappropriate; this is a matter for the individuals following the procedure to determine. An association with persons with criminal convictions (including convictions for criminal offences under the Road Traffic Act) and / or where intelligence exists relating to current or recent criminal activities, may be considered as inappropriate and so, must be disclosed. There will be a greater emphasis on unspent convictions and each will be considered on a case by case basis. Staff should be aware that any intimate relationships formed with members of the public after initial contact was made for a policing purpose could be seen as an abuse of position of trust or authority and therefore could be deemed inappropriate, in particular if the member of the public is vulnerable. Vulnerability - There is no exhaustive list of vulnerabilities; this is a matter for the individuals following the procedure to determine. However, with regard to a member of public,