examining officer may not question the detained person under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7 until the person has consulted a solicitor (or no longer wishes to do so). (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not apply if the examining officer reasonably believes that postponing the questioning until then would be likely to prejudice determination of the relevant matters. (4) The powers given by paragraph 8 of Schedule 7 (search powers where a person is questioned under paragraph 2 of Schedule 7) may be used when questioning is postponed because of sub-paragraph (2). (5) The detained person is entitled to consult a solicitor in person. (2) 232 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 9 Ð Port and border controls Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (6) Sub-paragraph (5) does not apply if the examining officer reasonably believes that the time it would take to consult a solicitor in person would be likely to prejudice determination of the relevant matters. (7) In that case the examining officer may require any consultation to take place in another way. (8) In this paragraph Òthe relevant mattersÓ means the matters the examining officer seeks to determine under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7.Ó (7) In paragraph 8(1), for Òan officerÓ there is substituted Ò a police officer Ó. (8) In paragraph 9(2)(a) and (b)Ñ (a) the words Òat a police stationÓ are omitted; (b) for Òan officerÓ there is substituted Ò a police officer Ó. (9) In paragraph 16Ñ (a) in sub-paragraphs (1) and (3), in each place, for Òpolice stationÓ there is substituted Ò place Ó; (b) in sub-paragraph (6), after ÒdetainedÓ there is inserted Ò as mentioned in sub- paragraph (1) Ó. (10) After paragraph 16 there is insertedÑ Ò16A(1) This paragraph applies where a person detained under Schedule 7 requests to consult a solicitor. (2) The examining officer may not question the detained person under paragraph 2 or 3 of Schedule 7 until the person has consulted a solicitor (or no longer wishes to do so). (3) Sub-paragraph (2) does not apply if the examining officer reasonably believes that postponing the questioning until then would be likely to prejudice determination of the relevant matters. (4) The powers given by paragraph 8 of Schedule 7 (search powers where a person is questioned under paragraph 2 of Schedule 7) may be used when questioning is postponed because of sub-paragraph (2). (5) The detained person is entitled to consult a solicitor in person. (6) Sub-paragraph (5) does not apply if the examining officer reasonably believes that the time