Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 191 section 25C applies as if the reference in subsection (2) to the first police services agreement were a reference to the first police services agreement after the time when the aerodrome becomes a relevant aerodrome again, and section 26(2CA) applies as if the reference to the time when an aerodrome security plan is first required to be in force were a reference to the time when an aerodrome security plan is first required to be in force by virtue of the aerodrome becoming a relevant aerodrome again.” For subsection (2) substitute— “(2) In the application of this Part to Scotland— references to the chief officer of police for the relevant police area shall be construed as references to the chief constable of the police force for that area, and references to the police authority for the relevant police area shall, where a joint police board is constituted for that area in accordance with an amalgamation scheme made under the Police (Scotland) Act 1967 (c. 77), be construed as references to that joint police board.” In subsection (3)(a) for “the references in section 25(1) of this Act and” substitute “ the reference in ”. In section 39 (extension of Act outside United Kingdom), in subsection (3), after “provisions of” (in the words in brackets) insert “ Part 2A or ”. Part 2 Transitional and saving provision Transitional provision for designated airports (1) This paragraph applies in relation to an aerodrome if, immediately before commencement, the aerodrome was a designated airport. In relation to any time before a police services agreement is required to be in force in relation to the aerodrome by virtue of the amendments made by paragraph 5 of this Schedule, section 25B(2) to (6) and (8) to (10) of the 1982 Act (as it had effect immediately before commencement) continues to apply in relation to the aerodrome as if it continued to be a designated airport. 192 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 6 – Amendment of Part 3 of the Aviation Security Act 1982 Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes For the purposes of any police services agreement which is required to be in force by virtue of sub-paragraph (2), other than one which was entered into before