geriatricians, pharmacists, and specialists, would offer providers safe pathways for reducing unnecessary medications. A statewide public awareness campaign would inform seniors and caregivers about the risks of polypharmacy and offer resources for advocating medication reviews. FPRI is comparable to programs established in other states, such as New York. The United Hospital Fund, supported by the Mother Cabrini Health Foundation and TD Bank Charitable Foundation, has collaborated with seven nursing homes in New York City, where participants implemented quality improvement interventions to reduce polypharmacy.11 Their work proved effective in deprescribing practices and decreasing inappropriate medication use, ultimately improving health outcomes for elders in nursing homes.11 The program has begun the next phase based on the first phase’s success. By expanding these evidence-based practices statewide, the different initiatives outlined in FPRI can mitigate the dangers of polypharmacy and improve healthcare outcomes for Florida’s elderly population. Highlights Polypharmacy, defined as the use of five or more medications at once, is common among older adults, who account for over one-third of outpatient prescriptions in the U.S. This practice is linked to increased adverse drug reactions, hospitalizations, and healthcare costs, which ultimately lower the quality of life.1,2,3,4,5 To address these issues, the Florida Department of Health should implement the Florida Polypharmacy Reduction Initiative (FPRI), which includes quarterly pharmacist-led medication reviews, mandatory Medicare Medication Therapy Management, standardized deprescribing protocols, and public awareness campaigns to educate seniors about polypharmacy risks. Pharmacist intervention in healthcare teams can significantly reduce inappropriate prescribing and adherence to manageable healthcare treatment. Studies have shown that integrating pharmacists into patient care can reduce prescribing errors by 25% and enhance patient outcomes, demonstrating improvement in efficiency in managing polypharmacy.12 Implementation The Florida State Department of Health must engage various stakeholders to implement the FPRI, including pharmacists, healthcare providers, geriatricians, long-term care facility administrators, legislators, and patient advocacy groups. In the first six months, the initiative should focus on an awareness campaign across multiple channels—local news outlets, senior centers, and healthcare facilities—to educate the public and healthcare providers on the benefits of polypharmacy reduction and safe deprescribing. This initiative will involve developing educational materials for seniors and caregivers about the risks of polypharmacy. Throughout the next six months, the FPRI will be a pilot in high-need areas with dense elderly populations, such as Miami-Dade and Palm Beach counties.13 Pharmacists in these regions would begin quarterly medication reviews with prescribed oversight by primary care physicians. Pilot findings will guide further expansion. This program would initially be funded through state healthcare grants and additional support from Medicare and Medicaid program funds to cover pharmacist-led services. Developing a supplemental grant proposal to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) can further financial support, specifically for regions with high elderly populations.14 Additionally, reallocating a portion of state healthcare funds can be used to provide reimbursements when incentivizing deprescribing when appropriate. There are several possible obstacles to implementing the FPRI. One significant obstacle would be opposition from medical professionals, some of whom might be worried about patient safety or