Mental Health DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document will be assessed for suitability for public release when final draft adopted. MONITORING AND REVIEW The Partnership Sergeant for Mental Health will be responsible for ensuring the implementation, ongoing effectiveness and for any review of this Policy. This policy will be will be reviewed every three years in the light of any national policy or procedural change or due to changes to law or Force strategy or at such other times as may become necessary. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of Improvement and Change and the Partnership Sergeant for Mental Health are responsible for this policy. All queries relating to this policy should, in the first instance be directed to the Partnership Sergeant for Mental Health or the Force Policy Officer. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership: Department Responsible: Improvement and Change Department Policy Owner/Author: Sonja LEITH / Michael HUGHES Technical Author: Andrew IRVING Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: Director of People and Change Revision History: Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 27.05.2020 1.0 Draft v0.3 published as substantive version 1.0. Approvals: This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 27.05.2020 0.3 Director of People and Change 25.05.2020 0.3 JNCC (Not required for all policies) N/A Distribution: This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Other: (state method here) Diversity Impact Assessment: Consultation: List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Implications of the Policy: Training Requirements No additional training requirements. IT Infrastructure No additional IT infrastructure required. Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY MISSING PERSONS Date of Publication: September 2022 Version: 4.0 Next Review Date: September 2024 POLICY STATEMENT As per the APP for Missing Persons, the definition of ÔmissingÕ is as follows: Anyone whose whereabouts cannot be established will be considered as missing until located, and their wellbeing or otherwise confirmed. Going missing should be treated as an indicator that the individual may be at risk of harm. The safeguarding of vulnerable people is paramount and a missing person report should be recognised as an opportunity to identify and address risks. The reasons for a person being missing may be complex. Three key factors should be considered in a missing person investigation: - Protecting those at risk of harm; - Minimising distress and ensuring high quality service to the families and carers of missing persons; - Prosecuting those who perpetrate harm or pose a risk of harm when this is appropriate and supported by evidence. The Risk Assessment Table should be used to guide the appropriate level of police response to a missing person report. The National Decision Model (NDM)