similar crimes or incidents. This information must be passed onto the attending officers so that they can properly assess the situation. 5.5 Staff attending the scene should seek to identify the victim and provide immediate reassurance by demonstrating how seriously Wiltshire Police take these incidents. Staff should obtain as much detail as possible about the incident and seek to ascertain if the incident or crime is part of a wider issue for that victim, their family or their community. It is important to note that Hate Crimes and Hate Incidents are based upon perception not evidence. If an individual believes that the incident is motivated by hate or prejudice, then it is. 5.6 Staff attending Hate Crimes and Hate Incidents must be aware of the risk of Secondary Victimisation. This occurs when victims of Hate Crime or Hate Incidents experience indifference or rejection from the police, as this effectively victimises them for the second time. 5.1 5.7 The welfare of the victim and witnesses is our paramount concern. Victims of Hate Crime are automatically identified and contacted by ÔHorizonÕ the Victim and Witness Care team. Victims will be allocated a Horizon Liaison Officer to act as their single point of contact who can refer to both a Police hate crime advisor and other support services where appropriate. The Victim Care Officer must be identified under the ÔCurrent officersÕ tab on the occurrence. Consideration should be made to signpost to the ÔGood Neighbour SchemeÕ for immediate local support. Verbal consent will be obtained from victims when considering sharing information and making referrals to partner agencies INVESTIGATION GUIDANCE 6.1 There may not always be a known offender in all cases, but where one is identified, staff should take full details including description. Where it is necessary to do so in order to prevent further harm or progress an investigation staff will take positive action against any identified offender. In the case of hate incidents, this should be documented on the Niche investigation log and an intelligence report submitted where appropriate. 6.2 Staff must assess the vulnerability of the victim, their immediate family and the impact on the community. Hate Incidents and Hate Crimes have the potential to escalate rapidly and cause widespread community tension that could lead to large scale disorders or more serious crimes being committed. The key is to identify where there is a risk and take steps to protect the victim, family and community and take preventative action to diffuse tensions. 6.3 Where staff identify a threat to community cohesion, they must at once inform a supervisor of at least the rank of Inspector who will ensure a Community Concern Assessment is completed. GOLDEN HOUR • If there is a crime scene, identify it and protect it. • Consider the forensic opportunities (including fingerprints, DNA, footprints and photography, body worn video) and if in doubt consult with a CSI. • Conduct house to house enquiries. • Ascertain the details of all witnesses. • Search the area for CCTV. •