2. About the person to be protected Mrs Miss Ms Other (please specify) Full name If you do not wish your address to be made known to the respondent leave this space blank and if you have not already done so, complete Confidential contact details Form C8. See notes on page 7. Address Date of birth (if known) Tick this box if you do not know the date of birth but you believe the person to be protected is under 18 years. 3. Your reasons for applying on behalf of the person to be protected If you are a Relevant Third Party complete this section State briefly your reasons including what you know of the circumstances of the person to be protected. 4. About the respondent(s) If there are more than two respondents please continue on a separate sheet. Respondent 1 Mr Mrs Miss Ms Other (please specify) Full name Address Date of birth (if known) Respondent 2 Mr Mrs Miss Ms Other (please specify) Full name Address Date of birth (if known) 5. The order(s) for which you are applying State what you want the order to say (see examples on page 7). Give full details in support of your application below (continue on a separate sheet if necessary) or in a separate statement. Include details of any encouragement or enticement that the respondent has used. Tick this box if you wish the court to hear your application without notice being given to the respondent. The reasons relied on for an application being heard without notice must be stated in the witness statement (verified by a statement of truth) in support. See notes for guidance on page 7. 6. At the court If you or the person to be protected requires an interpreter, you must tell the court now so that one can be arranged. Will you or the person to be protected need an interpreter at court? No Yes, please specify the language and dialect If you or the person to be protected has a disability for which you require special assistance or facilities, please state what is needed. The court staff will then get in touch with you if necessary. Please say whether the court needs to make any special arrangements for you or the person to be protected, to attend court (e.g. providing you with a separate waiting room from the respondent or other security provision). 7. Other information 8. Other proceedings and orders If you are aware of any family proceedings or orders in force involving you, the respondent(s) or the person to be protected, then where known, state the type of proceedings. 9. Statement of truth *[I believe] *[The applicant believes] that the facts stated in this application are true. *I am duly authorised by the applicant to sign this statement. Print full name Name of applicant solicitors firm Signed Dated (Applicant) (ApplicantÕs solicitor) Proceedings for contempt of court may be brought against a person who makes or causes to be made, a false