must be legal in basis and in application. 3. Interaction with the public during the encounter must be professional. 4. Police use of stop and search powers must be transparent and accountable. The suspicion should relate to the likelihood of the person being in possession of the item, not the likelihood that they are committing an offence. In such circumstances, finding the item and arresting the offender or, alternatively, eliminating the suspicion and avoiding an unnecessary arrest are both valid and successful outcomes. The grounds for the search should be fully explained to the person being stopped and searched, the officer must be able to give a specific explanation for suspecting the person of being in possession of the item: this should be based on specific information or intelligence, or some particular behaviour by the person. Personal factors can never support reasonable grounds for suspicion. Officers must consider alternatives to carrying out an actual search. This includes simply having a conversation with the person or asking the person to account for their whereabouts or actions, without going on to search. Officers should also give the person the opportunity to hand any item(s) over which may mean that a subsequent search is not necessary. Officers are not required to create a written record of dealings with a member of the public that merely amounts to a conversation or interaction such as asking someone what they are doing or where they are going. However, it is expected that Wiltshire Police officers will conduct themselves appropriately and treat people with courtesy and respect. 1 This is an objective test in that it expects that a reasonable person given the same information would also suspect that the individual is carrying the item. We must be proportionate and reasonable; the powers of a constable are significant and officers must be aware of the impact asking such questions may have on the individual. Officers are still expected to use their professional judgement when considering whether to record any interaction with the community in their pocket book where they consider appropriate. All stop and search encounters must be conducted with due regard to the sensitivities of the person being stopped and with regard to any local community issues regarding the use of such powers by police. Officers must fully record all Stop and Search encounters and be able to demonstrate grounds for the search within that record. All incidents of stop and searches will be recorded and maintained within existing Wiltshire Police systems in line with the requirements of Management of Police Information. All Stop and Searches must be overseen by a supervising officer. The supervisor will examine the validity of the grounds for the search, the power used in relation to the object of the search and the appropriate nature of the outcome and legitimacy of the search. The College of Policing has issued training guidance to help understanding and local training needs. Wiltshire Police has adopted and uses the College of Policing guidance as part