Business Link, The Federation of Small Businesses and Local Retail Initiatives. Voluntary organisations can be reached through local Voluntary Service Councils, Social Councils, Volunteer Bureaux and other local umbrella bodies. (See case studies 4, 5 and 6 in Box 8.3.) Added value 8.79. Local authorities may wish to focus on organisations that are well placed to give support to the programme by helping to raise awareness or by offering practical support (e.g. venues). Local authorities may also wish to target organisations that are able to provide help or resources to other organisations or Category 1 responders in the event of an emergency, or organisations whose activities are crucial to the effective functioning of the wider community (e.g. food suppliers). 8.1. Maintaining a BCM advice and assistance programme 8.80. In order to ensure that they continue to fulfil the requirements of the business continuity advice and assistance duty, local authorities will wish to undertake a continuous cycle of assessing the content and delivery of the promotion programme against the requirements of the legislation, assessments of risk, needs of the audience, and resources and support mechanisms available. This is likely to involve: o Developing objectives and message: • Clear objectives should be established in consultation with partners in the LRF, and the message and target audience should be defined with reference to the CRR. Are proposed approaches coherent and will they be effective? o Reviewing promotion materials: • There is a wide range of existing materials illustrating the importance of BCM and how to develop business continuity arrangements. Is there a need to develop further materials tailored to local circumstances? And what form might these take (e.g. printed, web-based, etc) o Reviewing the means of delivery: • Choose means of delivery in the light of available resources and support from partners. Publicise events and services offered, and publicise any charging policy. • o Delivery: • The case studies contained in this chapter will give authorities guidance on ways in which the duty is delivered in other areas. The details of those responsible can be found at the end of the individual case studies and should be contacted with any questions? o Evaluate and review programme: • Gathering feedback along the way is a useful way to judge if the programme met its stated objectives? Has feedback been positive? How could it be improved or extended? What lessons can be learned from experience elsewhere in the country? Box 8.3: Business continuity advice and assistance to business and the voluntary sector: Case studies Background In May 2008, a decision was taken by the Planning and Environment Committee to focus on business continuity; in particular, how small to medium size enterprises and charities could best cope with emergency situations both within their own company and on a wider scale. A business continuity sub-committee was formed involving representatives from Woking and Surrey Chambers of Commerce, local businesses, Woking Borough Council, and Surrey County Council. The sub-committee provided a steer on developing a strategy and this led