for a term of 12 months or a greater punishment.Ó (4) After subsection (7) of that section there is insertedÑ Ò(7A) References in this section to ÒconductÓ (except in the expression Òequivalent conductÓ) are to the conduct specified in the request for the person's extraditionÓ. 148 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 12 Ð Extradition CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) In section 138 of that Act (definition of Òextradition offenceÓ for the purposes of Part 2 of the Act: person sentenced for offence) for subsections (1) to (5) there is substitutedÑ Ò(1) This section sets out whether a person's conduct constitutes an Òextradition offenceÓ for the purposes of this Part in a case where the personÑ (a) has been convicted, in the category 2 territory to which extradition is requested, of an offence constituted by the conduct, and (b) has been sentenced for the offence. (2) The conduct constitutes an extradition offence in relation to the category 2 territory if the conditions in subsection (3), (4) or (5) are satisfied. (3) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs in the category 2 territory; (b) the conduct would constitute an offence under the law of the relevant part of the United Kingdom punishable with imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 12 months or a greater punishment if it occurred in that part of the United Kingdom; (c) a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 4 months or a greater punishment has been imposed in the category 2 territory in respect of the conduct. (4) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs outside the category 2 territory; (b) in corresponding circumstances equivalent conduct would constitute an extra-territorial offence under the relevant part of the United Kingdom punishable as mentioned in subsection (3)(b); (c) a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 4 months or a greater punishment has been imposed in the category 2 territory in respect of the conduct. (5) The conditions in this subsection are thatÑ (a) the conduct occurs outside the category 2 territory; (b) no part of the conduct occurs in the United Kingdom; (c) the conduct constitutes, or if committed in the United Kingdom would constitute, an offence mentioned in subsection (6); (d) a sentence of imprisonment or another form of detention for a term of 4 months or a greater punishment has been