given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication, and an individual should be able to withdraw consent at any time. Consent may not be the most appropriate lawful basis and consideration should be given to each situation; for example processing personal data to comply with a statutory obligation such as a court directive, in this case the lawful basis would be compliance with a legal obligation. If there is a genuine change in circumstances that requires the lawful basis to be amended, this should be documented and the individual informed; for example if consent was used as the original lawful basis, but an unanticipated risk to an individual has become apparent, then the lawful basis can justifiably be changed to vital interest. Further details on lawful basis is provided online by the Information Commissioner’s Office. Where necessary agencies should redact information or consider splitting meetings where it is thought that doing so could reduce the risk to the victims, including children. In relation to law enforcement processing by competent authorities under Part 3 of the 2018 Act, such as police forces, different rules under that Part of the 2018 Act will apply. Document these decisions to demonstrate data protection compliance. Record all relevant data, information sharing is only as good as the quality of the information being shared, and the level of detail can be crucial to accurate risk assessment. For example, simply recording “there is a history of domestic abuse” does not give other professionals the level of detail needed to be able to risk assess. When sharing personal data, consideration must be given to whether it is lawful, personal data can only be shared if there is a lawful basis for doing so. Valuing and employing staff with the right values The work performed by agencies is heavily reliant on the ability of staff to carry out the work, and agencies should ensure that staff are adequately supported. This can be done by: Demonstrating in both policy and practice that they take the duty of care to their staff seriously. This should involve a focus on reflective practice, joint training programmes which bring different organisations’ staff together, clinical supervision and employee assistance programmes; Demonstrating professional curiosity when engaging service users. Often, victims will make contact with a range of services before disclosing their abuse. These contacts represent opportunities for early intervention, so it is crucial that all staff are trained to recognise domestic abuse and ask the right questions; Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Creating opportunities for staff to have sight of any positive outcomes, such as case studies or local stories, and being able to link back to families that they had initial contact with, to understand the impact of their work; Recognising the specialised nature of the work, choosing staff who hold specialist qualifications, training, accreditation, or other recognised professional standard which gives parity of status with agency colleagues; and Having a domestic abuse policy in place, complementing the policies held by each individual agency, which addresses