Secretary of State under section 5 of the principal Act, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition on relevant premises for the purposes of the training or assessment. (2) In this section Òrelevant premisesÓ means premises used for any purpose of the Ministry of Defence Police.Ó (2) [F506After Article 12A of the Firearms (Northern Ireland) Order 1981 (S.I. 1981/155 (N.I. 2)) there is insertedÑ 12B Ò Possession of firearms on Ministry of Defence Police premises (1) A person who is being trained or assessed in the use of firearms under the supervision of a member of the Ministry of Defence Police may, without holding a firearm certificate or obtaining the authority of the Secretary of State under Article 6, have in his possession a firearm and ammunition on relevant premises for the purposes of the training or assessment. (1) 132 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 6 Ð Miscellaneous Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) In this Article Òrelevant premisesÓ means premises used for any purpose of the Ministry of Defence Police.Ó] PART 6 MISCELLANEOUS Appointment and attestation of police officers etc. 82 Nationality requirements applicable to police officers etc. (1) Irrespective of his place of birth, a person of any nationality may beÑ (a) a member of a police force maintained for any police area in England and Wales F507...; [F508(aa) a constable of the Police Service of Scotland;] (b) a member of the Police Service of Northern Ireland or of the Police Service of Northern Ireland Reserve; (c) F509. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (d) a member of the British Transport Police Force; [F510(e) a member of the Civil Nuclear Constabulary; [F511or]] (f) F512. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (g) a special constable; and, accordingly, irrespective of his place of birth such a person may be attested or appointed, and hold office, as a constable. (2) Subsection (1) is subject to any provision falling within subsection which relates to qualification for appointment as a constable or as a special constable or for membership of, or for particular ranks, offices or positions withÑ (a) any force or constabulary; F513... [F514(aa) the Police Service of Scotland; or] (b) the Police Service of Northern Ireland or the Police