January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes ÒdwellingÓ meansÑ (a) a building or structure which is used as a dwelling, or (b) a part of a building or structure, if the part is used as a dwelling, and includes any yard, garden, garage or outhouse belonging to and used with a dwelling. 65 Recovery order on conviction for certain offences involving dogs (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) a person is convicted of an offence within subsection (5) which was committed on or after the day on which this section comes into force, (b) a dog was used in or was present at the commission of the offence, and (c) the dog was lawfully seized and detained in connection with the offence. (2) The court may make an order (a Òrecovery orderÓ) requiring the offender to pay all the expenses incurred by reason of the dogÕs seizure and detention. (3) Any sum required to be paid under subsection (2) is to be treated for the purposes of enforcement as if it were a fine imposed on conviction. (4) Where a recovery order is available for an offence, the court may make such an order whether or not it deals with the offender in any other way for the offence. (5) The following offences are within this subsectionÑ (a) an offence under section 1 of the Night Poaching Act 1828 (taking or destroying game or rabbits by night or entering land for that purpose); (b) an offence under section 30 of the Game Act 1831 (trespass in daytime in search of game etc); (c) an offence under section 63 (trespass with intent to search for or to pursue hares with dogs etc); (d) an offence under section 64 (being equipped for searching for or pursuing hares with dogs etc). 66 Disqualification order on conviction for certain offences involving dogs (1) This section applies whereÑ (a) a person is convicted of an offence within subsection (9) which was committed on or after the day on which this section comes into force, and (b) a dog was used in or was present at the commission of the offence. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 71 PART 3A Ð Photographs CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) The court may make an order (a Òdisqualification orderÓ) disqualifying the offender, for such period