liquor)Ñ (a) to impose a requirement under subsection (1) [F1045or (1AA)] of that section; and (b) to dispose under subsection (2) of that section of anything surrendered to him; and that section shall have effect in relation to the exercise of those powers by that person as if the references to a constable in [F1046subsections (1), (1AA) and (4) (but not the reference in subsection (1AB) (removal))] were references to the accredited person. Confiscation of tobacco etc. 6 (1) An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, haveÑ (a) the power to seize anything that a constable in uniform has a duty to seize under subsection (3) of section 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (c. 12) (seizure of tobacco etc. from young persons); and (b) the power to dispose of anything that a constable may dispose of under that subsection; (a) 284 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Powers exercisable by accredited persons Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes and the power to dispose of anything shall be a power to dispose of it in such manner as the relevant employer of the accredited person may direct. (2) In this paragraph Òrelevant employerÓ, in relation to an accredited person, means the person with whom the chief officer of police for the relevant police area has entered into arrangements under section 40. Abandoned vehicles 7 An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall have all such powers in the relevant police area as are conferred on accredited persons by regulations under section 99 of the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984 (c. 27) (removal of abandoned vehicles). Power to stop vehicle for testing 8 A person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the power of a constable in uniform to stop a vehicle under subsection (3) of section 67 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (c. 52) for the purposes of a test under subsection (1) of that section. Power to stop cycles [F10478A(1) Subject to sub-paragraph (2), a person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, within the relevant police area, have the power of a constable in uniform under section 163(2) of the Road Traffic Act 1988 to stop a cycle. (2) The power mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) may only be exercised by that person in relation to a person who he has reason to believe has committed an offence under section 72 of the Highway