Appointed Person Where the local first aid risk assessment identifies that a formal first aider is not required an Appointed Person must be in place. An Appointed Person, someone who is not first aid trained, can be appointed to be responsible for first aid provision at locations where: • less than 25 employees are engaged in low hazard activities at their work location • less than 5 employees are engaged in higher hazard activities at their work location Their responsibilities are: • the care and replenishment of the first aid kits / equipment on site. • contacting the emergency services when required. • advising the Health and Safety Department when: o moving to another work location o changing role o changing/reducing hours worked o wish to vacate the role A police officer or PCSO must be appointed to undertake responsibility for the care and replenishment of first aid kits / equipment at stations which do not have office based police staff. Note: Appointed persons who are not first aid trained should not be confused with the appointed level of first aid training provided to police officers, special constables, pcsoÕs and specialist police staff. First Aid Provision Risk Assessment The health and safety department carry out an annual full first aid provision risk assessment for all Wiltshire Police workplaces. This is to ensure first aid provision in respect of numbers of first aiders, equipment and facilities is appropriate to the circumstances of each workplace and meets legal requirements. The majority of Wiltshire PoliceÕs first aid needs will be satisfied by the COP Module 2 First Aid Police Skills which is equivalent to the National EFAW Course. Module 2 is delivered to all police officers and identified police staff. However some buildings because of their higher occupancy levels will require additional staff to be trained to FAW (First Aid at Work) level at Appendix 1. Where the first aid risk assessment identifies a need, suitable numbers of first aiders will be provided to enable first aid to be administered without delay should the occasion arise. Increased provision may be required to cover annual leave, sickness, shifts etc. Where the assessment identifies that a first aider is not required, an appointed person will be nominated to take charge of the first aid arrangements including looking after the first aid container and facilities. Refer to Table 1 below for details of the Health and Safety Executive suggested numbers of first aid personnel required to be available at all times people are at work. This guidance will be followed when carrying out the annual first aid risk assessments. Table 1 - Health and Safety Executive suggested numbers of first aid personnel to be available at all times people are at work From your risk assessment what degree of Hazard is associated with your Work Activities? How many Employees do you have What First Aid Personnel do you Need? What Injuries and Illness have previously occurred in your Workplace? Have you taken account of the Factors