a drink spiked (6% of men and 11% of women). Most consumables can be spiked, including food and cigarettes, but it is drinks that are thought to be most often spiked and it is drink spiking that has received the most attention. This changed suddenly and unexpectedly in the UK in autumn 2021, when the news media began reporting on a seemingly new phenomenon of Ôneedle spikingÕ that was being talked about on social media. ÔNeedle spikingÕ or Ôinjection spikingÕ refers to the administering of drugs or poison without consent via a syringe directly into a personÕs body rather than by a drink or other consumable. Some of the earliest social media accounts were made by female students in Nottingham reporting they felt unwell for reasons they could not explain, su#ered memory loss and suspected they might have been spiked (BBC 2021a). Some of these reports referred to speci"c pain in a limb, a pinprick type mark on their skin and reports of feeling a scratch just before feeling unwell (Ng 2021, BBC 2021b). Around the same time, and in the weeks that followed, multiple reports were made from students at other universities across the UK including the Universities of Glasgow and Edinburgh. In response, students in Scotland set up ÔGirls Night In, EdinburghÕ which proposed a boycott of night time economy venues for one date in October to raise awareness of the problem, stating: The purpose of this boycott is to bring attention to the severity of the situation and to encourage you all to take this seriously and do everything within your power and means to prevent these heinous spiking incidents to the best of your ability. (Open letter from Girls Night In Ð Edinburgh and the community of Edinburgh, 20 October 2021 in Brown and Bryan 2021) As awareness spread, more accounts were shared, and it became clear that the problem was not con"ned to female students Ð with male students and members of the public starting to make similar reports. By 31 July 2022 there had been 2065 needle spiking incidents recorded by the police in England and Wales (comparable "gures not made available from Scotland or Northern Ireland), and a national police operation launched (Operation Lester), a Home A#airs Committee inquiry conducted, a Department for Education working group established, and guidance sent to all Vice Chancellors from Universities UK (Westmarland, 2022). The statement ÔMyth: Needle spiking isnÕt realÕ is now included on the Metropolitan Police Website (ÔSpiking MythsÕ, https://www.met.police.uk/advice/advice-and-information/spiking-advice/spiking/spiking- myths/#Needle) and the Government factsheet about spiking now includes Ôinjecting someone with prescription or illegal drugs without their knowledgeÕ. (https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/spiking-factsheet/spiking-factsheet). The Global Drugs Survey which asked about spiking in 22 countries found that nearly one in twenty (4.2%) of those who suspected they had been spiked said they thought this was using an injection (Davies et al. 2024). Three in ten (29.5%) people completing a survey of Berlin night time economy users reported having high or very high levels of fear that they would be spiked