be sought in such investigations. The next batch produced shall undergo a full re-test (certification). If the issue relates to any other armour batches, the manufacturer shall inform customers to whom the affected armour has been sold. If the cause of failure is determined, this may be 41 To be issued to test facilities in a separate file, as required. rectified before the batch undergoes a full re-test (certification). It is the manufacturerÕs responsibility to ensure that issues with any armour already distributed to their customers are rectified. Evidence of rectification shall be provided to CAST. If, however, the cause of failure cannot be determined or rectified, the affected batches shall either be upgraded with additional protective materials (and undergo a full re-test Ð certification) or withdrawn. In this case, the frequency of PQT shall be increased to once every year, until satisfactory results are achieved over a period of three years. 11. In-life monitoring ILM is a scheme designed to assess the continued performance of in-service armour throughout its product life expectancy. Certified body armour shall enter ILM if the manufacturer fails to provide satisfactory evidence, on submission of the technical file, of product performance for the duration of the product life expectancy (outlined in Section 3.6.1) or the manufacturer decides to opt in to the scheme. Any armour subject to ILM, from the date of certification, shall be periodically sampled every two years throughout the duration of the product life expectancy. The initial sampling period shall begin from the date of certification. The armour shall be sampled from operational officers and shall always be the oldest in-service armours available post certification (based on serial numbers). It is the manufacturersÕ responsibility to acquire and replace in-service armours required for ILM. The manufacturer shall independently arrange testing at a CAST accredited independent test facility. The selected test facility shall be responsible for conducting testing in accordance with methods outlined in this standard. After testing, test reports shall be sent to CAST for review. The submission requirements are detailed in Table 24. Unformed armour, submitted for ballistic ILM, shall be assessed in a CPA test. A minimum of three panels shall be used in such assessment with the results being assessed against the criteria outlined in Section 10.5.1. Formed armour shall be assessed using a single panel against the criteria outlined in Section 10.5.2. One plate (with associated soft armour backings) shall be submitted per ammunition type and assessed against Section 10.5.3. For unformed armour, these panels shall be the largest available that meet the sampling criteria. Formed armour and plates shall be submitted with consideration given to the sizes of the torso mannequins for formed armour and plates, respectively (Section 4.3.1). Table 24: Armour submission requirements for ballistic ILM Protection level Panel type Sizes CPA (minimum quantity Ð largest panels available) Small Medium Large F B F B F B HO1 or HO2 Unformed42 3 Formed 1 HO3 Plate43 2 HO4 Plate 3 SG1 Plate 1 F = front panel;