with the National Contact Management Strategy 2019, the National Call Handling Standards (NCHS) (ACPO 2012), the National Standard for Incident Recording (NSIR), National Crime Recording Standards (NCRS), HMICFRS PEEL assessments - characteristics of good, APP Risk principles and APP. Compliance with this procedure and any linked procedures is mandatory. General Principles Incident Control (IC) is responsible for providing the Command-and-Control function for Wiltshire Police (999). The Crime Recording & Incident Bureau (CRIB) is responsible for recording and quality assuring crimes and incidents that are reported to Wiltshire Police (101, Single Online Home(SOH) and 999 support). Wiltshire Police will use STORM as our Command-and-Control System to record incidents reported to us. If the matter is a non-urgent crime or incident and has been resolved within the CRIB, it will not feature on STORM and will be recorded directly onto Niche (crime recording system). All emergency calls received by Wiltshire Police will be answered by trained 999 call handlers operating within the CCC. If, following assessment of THR, a call is found to be more suitable for 101/CRIB the caller will be advised the call is not an emergency and that they are being transferred to CRIB for full details to be obtained. The call will be informed of the call wait time and opportunity to use Single online Home to report. At no point should the caller be advised to call back on 101. (Please see Appendix 6 for dealing with 999 calls where the emergency is happening elsewhere, but the person reporting is in Wiltshire). Non-emergency calls will be triaged by both the Interactive Voice Response (IVR) supported by Central Call Handling (CCH) and transferred predominately to the CRIB for details to be recorded or advice to be given. Where a call on 101 is received and the Central Call Handler identifies during an initial triage that there is a Threat, Harm, or a Risk to a person, the operator will obtain initial contact details and will transfer the call to 999 or the Priority line as appropriate. To reduce the risks associated with abandoned calls, the caller will not be returned to the queue in these situations. Incident Control staff will utilise appropriate technology and mapping to obtain real-time information on the availability of resources. This will enable the effective and efficient deployment of resources to incidents. It is essential that the police service deals with contact from the public effectively. The demand on control rooms is increasing and so needs careful management to make sure our service doesnÕt become overwhelmed. As such, Contact Management staff will be empowered to make ethical decisions around the Outcome of Crimes and Incidents reported into the control room, using their training, skills, experience and in compliance with the Victim Code of Practice. Role Purpose - Contact Handlers and Enquiry Office Staff To be the first point of contact for all types of contact from the public and other agencies including 999, 101, crime reports, intelligence and general enquiries including both telephone and