this paragraph applies to him has reason to believe that another person has committed a relevant offence in the relevant police area, he may require that other person to give him his name and address. (2) A person who fails to comply with a requirement under sub-paragraph (1) is guilty of an offence and shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale. (3) In this paragraph Òrelevant offenceÓ, in relation to any accredited person, means any offence which isÑ (a) a relevant fixed penalty offence for the purposes of any powers exercisable by the accredited person by virtue of paragraph 1; or [F1036(aa) an offence under section 3 or 4 of the Vagrancy Act 1824; or] [F1037(aza) an offence under a relevant byelaw within the meaning of paragraph 1A(4); or] (b) an offence the commission of which appears to the accredited person to have causedÑ (i) injury, alarm or distress to any other person; or (ii) the loss of, or any damage to, any other personÕs property; but the accreditation of an accredited person may provide that an offence is not to be treated as a relevant offence by virtue of paragraph (b) unless it satisfies such other conditions as may be specified in the accreditation. [F1038(4) In its application to an offence which is an offence by reference to which a notice may be given to a person in exercise of the power mentioned in paragraph 1(2)(ab) [F1039or (ac)], sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall have effect as if for the words Òhas committed a relevant offence in the relevant police areaÓ there were substituted Òin the relevant police area has committed a relevant offenceÓ.] 282 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Powers exercisable by accredited persons Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Power to require name and address of person [F1040engaging in anti-social behaviour] F1[0F4100341(1)] An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, in the relevant police area, have the powers of a constable in uniform under section 50 to require a person whom he has reason to believe [F1042to have been engaging, or to be engaging, in anti-social behaviour] to give his name and address. [F1043(2) In sub-paragraph (1), Òanti-social behaviourÓ has the meaning given by section 2 of the Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (ignoring subsection (2) of that section).] Power to require name and address: road traffic offences [F10443A(1) An accredited person whose accreditation specifies that this paragraph applies to him shall, in the relevant police area,