impact on such persons, and (c) the likely intensity of that impact on such persons.Ó (4) After subsection (11) insertÑ Ò(12) The Secretary of State may by regulations amend any of subsections (2A) to (2C) for the purposes of making provision about the meaning for the purposes of this section ofÑ (a) serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of a public procession, or (b) serious disruption to the life of the community. (13) Regulations under subsection (12) may, in particular, amend any of those subsections for the purposes ofÑ (a) defining any aspect of an expression mentioned in subsection (12)(a) or (b) for the purposes of this section; (a) 78 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) giving examples of cases in which a public procession is or is not to be treated as resulting inÑ (i) serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the procession, or (ii) serious disruption to the life of the community. (14) Regulations under subsection (12)Ñ (a) are to be made by statutory instrument; (b) may apply only in relation to public processions in England and Wales; (c) may make incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision, including provision which makes consequential amendments to this Part. (15) A statutory instrument containing regulations under subsection (12) may not be made unless a draft of the instrument has been laid before and approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.Ó (5) The Secretary of State must, before the end of the period of 2 years beginning with the day on which this section comes into forceÑ (a) prepare and publish a report on the operation of the amendments to section 12 of the Public Order Act 1986 made by this section, and (b) lay the report before Parliament. 74 Imposing conditions on public assemblies (1) Section 14 of the Public Order Act 1986 (imposing conditions on public assemblies) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for ÒIfÓ substitute ÒSubsection (1A) applies ifÓ, (b) for the ÒorÓ at the end of paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(aa) in the case of an assembly in England and Wales, the noise generated by persons taking part in the assembly may result in serious disruption to the activities of an organisation which are carried on in the vicinity of the assembly, (ab) in the case of an assembly in England