officerÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a local authority in England, the authority's head of paid service designated under section 4 of the Local Government and Housing Act 1989; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 55 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) in relation to a local authority in Wales, the authority's chief executive appointed under section 54 of the Local Government and Elections (Wales) Act 2021.] 78 Cancellation or variation of closure notices (1) This section applies where a closure notice is in force and the relevant officer or authority is no longer satisfied as mentioned in section 76(1), eitherÑ (a) as regards the premises as a whole, or (b) as regards a particular part of the premises. (2) In a case within subsection (1)(a) the relevant officer or authority must issue a cancellation notice. A cancellation notice is a notice cancelling the closure notice. (3) In a case within subsection (1)(b) the relevant officer or authority must issue a variation notice. A variation notice is a notice varying the closure notice so that it does not apply to the part of the premises referred to in subsection (1)(b). (4) A cancellation notice or a variation notice that relates to a closure notice which wasÑ (a) issued by a local authority, and (b) signed as mentioned in section 77(2)(b), must be signed by the person who signed the closure notice (or, if that person is not available, by another person who could have signed as mentioned in section 77(2)(b)). (5) A cancellation notice or a variation notice that relates to a closure notice which wasÑ (a) issued by a local authority, and (b) extended under section 77(4)(b), must be signed by the person who signed the extension notice (or, if that person is not available, by another person who could have signed the extension notice). (6) In this section Òthe relevant officer or authorityÓ meansÑ (a) in the case of a closure notice issued by a police officer and not extended under section 77(4)(a), that officer (or, if that officer is not available, another officer of the same or higher rank); (b) in the case of a closure notice issued by a police officer and extended under section 77(4)(a), the officer who issued the extension notice (or, if that officer is not available, another officer of the same or higher rank); (c) in the case of a closure notice issued by a local authority, that