residents have the experience we expect for them. This White Paper sets out how we will achieve this, through our new Charter for social housing residents. Building on the commitments we have already made on building safety, to the highest single funding commitment to affordable housing in a decade, and to establishing more routes for tenants to own their own home, this White Paper will deliver transformational change for social housing residents. 2 https://www.housing.org.uk/our-work/together-with-tenants/ 3 ItÕs Not Okay: a guide to tackling stigma in social housing https://www.cih.org/publications/its-not-okay-a-guide-to-tackling-stigma-in-social-housing The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 9 ÒA home should provide safety, security and dignity. An opportunity to put down roots and contribute to our community so we can enjoy social and civic lives. Regardless of who you rent from, your landlord should treat you fairly and with respect. And if things go wrong there should be a swift and effective means of redress.Ó 10 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper A new Charter for social housing residents Our new Charter sets out what every social housing resident should be able to expect: How we will ensure this Charter is met This White Paper sets out what we will do to ensure landlords live up to this new Charter. Our package of measures is summarised below. The most important step we will take is to work with the Regulator of Social Housing (Òthe regulatorÓ) to create a strong, proactive consumer regulatory regime, strengthening the formal standards against which landlords are regulated and requiring them to: • be transparent about their performance and decision-making Ð so that tenants and the regulator can hold them to account; • put things right when they go wrong; and • listen to tenants through effective engagement. Summary of the policy measures in this White Paper To be safe in your home Building and fire safety is a paramount concern for residents. We are committed to ensuring that all homes are safe to live in, and have identified ways both to raise safety standards and to help residents feel safer in their homes. Chapter 1 sets out that we will: • Legislate to strengthen the Regulator of Social HousingÕs consumer regulation objectives to explicitly include safety. • Legislate to require social landlords to identify a nominated person responsible for complying with their health and safety requirements. • Expect the Regulator of Social Housing to prepare a Memorandum of Understanding with the Health and Safety Executive to ensure effective sharing of information with the Building Safety Regulator. • Launch a consultation on requiring smoke alarms in social housing and introducing new expectations for carbon monoxide alarms. • Consult on measures to ensure that social housing residents are protected from harm caused by poor electrical safety. • Continue to work with the Social Sector (Building Safety) Engagement Best Practice Group and the Building Safety Regulator to ensure resident voices are heard. To know how your landlord is performing If tenants are