is made within (or at any time after) the period of 4 weeks mentioned in it. [F16(4A) Where— the respondent is under the age of 18 on the injunction date, and any prohibition or requirement in the injunction is to have effect after the respondent reaches that age and for at least the period of four weeks beginning with the respondent's 18th birthday, the court must order the applicant and the respondent to attend a review hearing on a specified date within that period.] Before applying for the variation or discharge of an injunction, a person mentioned in subsection (2)(a) must notify the persons consulted under section 38(1) or 39(5). [F17(6) If an application to vary or discharge an injunction under this Part is dismissed, no further application to vary or discharge it may be made by any person without the consent of the court.] Arrest and remand Arrest without warrant This section applies if a power of arrest is attached to a provision of an injunction under this Part. A constable may arrest without warrant a person whom the constable has reasonable cause to suspect to be in breach of the provision. 36 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes If a constable arrests a person under subsection (2), the constable must inform the person who applied for the injunction. A person arrested under subsection (2) must be brought before a relevant judge within the period of 24 hours beginning with the time of the arrest. If the matter is not disposed of when the person is brought before the judge, the judge may remand the person. In calculating when the period of 24 hours mentioned in subsection (4) ends, Christmas Day, Good Friday and any Sunday are to be disregarded. In this Part “relevant judge”, in relation to an injunction, [F18means a judge of the court that granted the injunction, except that where— the respondent is aged 18 or over, but the injunction was granted by a youth court, it means a judge of the county court. ] Issue of warrant of arrest This section applies in relation to an injunction under this Part. If the person who applied for the injunction considers that the respondent is in breach of any of its provisions, the person may apply to a relevant judge for the issue of a warrant for the arrest of the respondent. A relevant judge may not issue a warrant on an application under subsection (2) unless the judge has reasonable