officer by whom diversionary and community cautions may be given; (e) the persons whom a prosecution authority may authorise as authorised persons for the purposes of this Part; (f) the form which diversionary and community cautions are to take and the manner in which they are to be given and recorded; (g) the places where diversionary and community cautions may be given; (h) the provision which may be made in a condition under section 102(2)(b) or 111(2)(b); (i) the monitoring of compliance with conditions attached to diversionary and community cautions; (j) the exercise of the power of arrest conferred by section 106(1); (k) who is to decide how a person should be dealt with under section 106(2) and (3). (3) After preparing a draft of the code the Secretary of StateÑ (a) must publish the draft, (b) must consider any representations made to the Secretary of State about the draft, and (c) may amend the draft accordingly, (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 127 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes but may not publish or amend the draft without the consent of the Attorney General. (4) After complying with subsection (3) the Secretary of State must lay the code before each House of Parliament. (5) After complying with subsection (4) the Secretary of State may bring the code into force by regulations. (6) The Secretary of State may from time to time revise a code of practice brought into force under this section. (7) Subsections (3) to (6) apply (with appropriate modifications) to a revised code as they apply to the original code. 128 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes PROSPECTIVE Supplementary 119 Consequential amendments relating to Part 6 Schedule 11 contains consequential amendments. 120 Regulations under Part 6 (1) Regulations under this Part are to be made by the Secretary of State by statutory instrument. (2) Regulations under this Part may makeÑ (a) different provision for different purposes; (b) consequential, supplementary, incidental, transitional and