to the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. (7) In this paragraph Òcurrent term of officeÓ, in relation to the appointment of a member of staff by the occupant of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, means the occupant's term of office which is running at the time the appointment is made. (8) For the purposes of this paragraph, a person is subject to a relevant disqualification if the person is disqualified from being elected as, or being, a police and crime commissioner underÑ (a) section 65(1) (police officers, police-related employment etc), other than paragraph (e)(ii); or (b) section 66(1), (3)(a)(iii) or (iv), (3)(c) or (3)(d) (citizenship, bankruptcy, criminal convictions & corrupt or illegal election practices). Notification of appointments 5 (1) This paragraph applies to every appointment of a member of staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must notify the London Assembly ofÑ (a) the name of the person appointed; (b) the post to which the person has been appointed; and (c) the terms and conditions on which the person has been appointed. (3) In this paragraph, a reference to appointment of a person as a member of staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime includes a reference to a person who is already a member of staff of the Office being appointed to a different post within the staff of the Office. Remuneration etc of staff 6 (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may pay remuneration, allowances and gratuities to the members of the staff of the Office. (2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may payÑ (2) 166 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (a) pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the staff of the Office, and (b) amounts for or towards provision of pensions to, or in respect of, persons who have been members of the staff of the Office. (3) In this paragraph ÒallowancesÓ, in relation to a member of the staff of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime, means allowances in respect of expenses incurred by the member of staff in the course of employment as such a member of staff. Incidental powers 7 (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may do anything which is calculated to facilitate, or is conducive or incidental to, the exercise of the functions of the Office. (2) That includesÑ (a) entering into contracts and other agreements (whether legally binding or not); (b) acquiring and disposing of property (including land); (c) borrowing money. (3) This paragraph is subject to the other provisions of this Act and to any other enactment about the powers