trainings (see Engel et al. 2019). Coupled with strong research designs (e.g., randomized controlled trials) for training delivery, this evidence base will quickly grow, and soon critical information regarding the impact of de-escalation training on officer use of force will be available. Implicit bias training Racial and ethnic disparities in policing practices—including vehicle and pedestrian stops, citations, searches, arrests, and use of force—have been noted for decades. The reasons for these disparities, however, are multifaceted, and researchers have traditionally struggled to disentangle critical factors to deter- mine if disparities are the result of discrimination (Engel and Swartz 2014). Nevertheless, based on the supposition that differences in policing outcomes are the result of individual police bias or discrimination, the operational response to reduce racial disparities has consistently involved the provision of additional training for officers. For example, racial sensitivity training was adopted in the 1980s and 1990s, followed by antiracial profiling training in the 2000s, and bias- free policing in the early 2010s. The most recent training proposed to address the 156 THE ANNALS OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMy problems associated with racial/ethnic disparities in policing—including dispari- ties in use of force—is implicit bias training (Fridell 2017; Nix et al. 2017). Implicit bias refers to an unconscious prejudice that people may develop due to differential life experiences (Devine 1989). In contrast to explicit bias, which is akin to traditional “racism,” all humans are subject to some form of unconscious bias that may impact perceptions and behaviors, resulting in discriminatory decision- making (Dovidio, Kawakami, and gaertner 2002). Due to the high rates of minor- ity citizen contact with police, the impact of implicit bias in policing could be especially profound. Indeed, the existence of implicit bias has been demonstrated in research using police as subjects (Payne 2001). The President’s Task Force (2015) specifically acknowledged implicit bias and its role in producing disparities in outcomes, calling for police training to reduce the impact of such biases. Based upon a large body of psychological research demonstrating that biases can be managed (see Monteith, Arthur, and Flynn 2010; Pettigrew and Tropp 2005), interventions typically begin by educating indi- viduals regarding the existence of implicit bias and, subsequently, teaching vari- ous skills to reduce and manage these biases (Fridell 2017). A meta-analysis of nearly five hundred studies identified that implicit bias is malleable (albeit with relatively weak effects). However, changes in implicit bias measures may not necessarily translate into changes to explicit bias or in behavior (Forscher et al. 2018; also see Atewologun, Cornish, and Tresh 2018). Specifically, Forscher and colleagues (2018) conclude that although interventions to change implicit bias may not consistently change behavior, some procedures for change are more effective than others. Others conclude that an important key is to not only raise awareness of implicit biases but to complement trainings with strategies to reduce and manage biases (Atewologun, Cornish, and Tresh 2018). Of concern, some research has suggested that there may be unintended con- sequences of implicit bias training, including increases in the expression