to establish the knowledge and skills that child and family social workers need. Amongst other social work workforce reforms set out in our Putting Children First paper3, we are establishing through provisions in the Children and Social Work Act 2017, a new specialist regulator for social workers in England. Over time, the regulator, Social Work England, will drive up standards in social work education, training and practice and operate a quality assurance system for continuous professional development ensuring all social workers remain fit to practice. We will also consider how statutory guidance supporting the new multi-agency safeguarding arrangements could support the provision of effective multi-agency safeguarding training within local areas. Separately, we are also committed to improving training for the police and health service providers in the context of tackling child sexual abuse. The Home Office has made £1.9m available to the College of Policing to deliver a package of specialist training for vulnerability, essentially introducing a Ôlicence to practiseÕ regime. 41. Increasing accountability in the child protection system. We have put in place a new system of joint targeted area inspections by Ofsted, the Care Quality Commission, HMI Constabulary and HMI Probation, as part of strengthening local authority childrenÕs services inspections more widely. 3 https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/putting-children-first-our-vision-for-childrens-social-care 9 42. Introducing a new Child Safeguarding Practice Review Panel. Implementing the changes in the Children and Social Work Act 2017, a new system of national and local reviews will create a national framework for considering the lessons of the tragic events where a child is seriously harmed or dies. Despite changes to improve serious case reviews over a number of years, a systemic suspicion persists that their main purpose is to apportion blame. The new system of child safeguarding practice reviews will be supported by tighter regulation and guidance. This will lead to a national learning framework predicated on high quality, published, local and national learning inquiries, with the clear purpose of identifying improvements both locally and nationally. 43. Building our knowledge of best practice in child protection. We have a comprehensive programme of work which by 2020 will create a new national learning system for childrenÕs social care. This will see the strengthening of the evidence base via the ChildrenÕ Social Care Innovation Programme and Partners in Practice, along with practice improvements identified through a new Child Safeguarding Practice Review Panel and a What Works Centre for ChildrenÕs Social Care. We also need to do more to properly understand the nature of child sexual abuse and how best to address it. To this end, we launched a new Centre of Expertise on Child Sexual Abuse with £7.5m of long term funding, which aims to identify, generate and share high quality evidence of what works to prevent and tackle child sexual abuse and exploitation to inform policy and practice. 44. Delivering a focused programme of reforms to tackle child sexual abuse. In February 2017, the Government published its Tackling Child Sexual Exploitation: Progress Report and announced a £40m package of measures to protect