the time of sentencing. Victims or the family of a deceased victim may submit a Victim Personal Statement to the High Court. 1 Right 8: To be given information about the trial, trial process and your role as a witness 8.1 If the case goes to court, you have the Right to be told by the Witness Care Unit within 5 working days (1 working day under Enhanced Rights Ð see page 10 of this Code) of them receiving the information from the court, which will be within 5 working days of the outcome of the relevant hearing: ? the time, date and location of any hearing (within 1 working day for all victims); ? the outcome of any bail hearing (and relevant bail conditions, any relevant changes to these bail conditions and the reasons for those changes); ? if an arrest warrant has been issued for the suspect and the outcome of a hearing if the suspect is re-arrested; and ? the outcome of any hearing if the suspect has been re-arrested. 8.2 If the suspect pleads not guilty and you are required to attend court, you have the Right to: ? be told by the Witness Care Unit if you are required to give evidence within 1 working day (for all victims) of them receiving the information from the Crown Prosecution Service; ? have your needs assessed and be offered a referral to a witness support service who can arrange a visit to the court before the trial date to familiarise yourself with the building, or another support service (see Right 4); and ? be told of the outcome of any special measures application (see Right 4). 8.3 If you are required to give evidence, you will be able to refresh your memory by reading (or watching where it has been recorded) your witness statement. Where possible, if the court allows, the prosecutor will meet you before you go into court to explain what will happen and answer any questions you may have. 8.4 If you are a bereaved close relative, you have the Right to request, from your Family Liaison Officer or Witness Care Unit, a visit to the court before the trial date to familiarise yourself with the building, regardless of whether you are required to give evidence. You also have the Right to be offered a meeting with the Crown Prosecution Service prosecutor or advocate who will be presenting the case in court. This meeting will usually take place shortly before the trial and is an opportunity for you to be introduced and to ask any questions that you may have. 8.5 When attending court, and where possible, you will be able to enter through a different entrance to the defendant and wait in a separate waiting area before and after your case has been heard. Some court buildings do not currently have separate entrances for victims, however, where informed, Her MajestyÕs Courts and Tribunals Service staff will make arrangements to ensure that you do