other sources of income.7 Section 1042 allows ESOPs to play a significant role in motivating corporations to invest in the betterment of their employees while retaining more of their earnings overall. Policy Idea The United States Congress should expand Section 1042 of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) by allowing private equity firms and venture capital funds, which are generally limited liability companies (LLC) or limited partnerships (LP), to defer capital gains taxes when they sell a controlling interest in a company to an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). If a PE or VC fund sells 30% or more of its stock to an ESOP that complies with the Employment Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), the firm can defer capital gains taxes. The proceeds from these transactions must then be reinvested in qualified replacement properties (QRPs), specifically targeting small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) related initiatives. Firms can defer the tax as long as they hold the QRP, with taxes only being implemented after the selling of those proceeds, continuing a capital allocation method that maximizes the firmÕs profits while ensuring the empowerment of other workers. Policy Analysis There are three key objectives that this policy attempts to achieve. First, this policy aims to align PEÕs best interests with employees. Job satisfaction grew as the attitudes of workers towards their managers and company performance, specifically in terms of sales growth, increased by 5.4% more than comparison companies with the establishment of ESOP plans. This makes them more likely to be efficient in the long-term.8 The second objective of the policy is to ensure the long-term success of PE-backed companies. ESOPs are connected to undeniable success. 73% of the ESOP companies have significantly improved their performance after setting up their plans.8 But in the PE industry, creating the ESOP plans in the first place is rare.9 Through this policy, PE-backed corporations will have an opportunity to improve performance and production output immensely, incentivizing PE firms to implement ESOP plans that produce the benefit in the first place. The last objective of the policy is wealth building and promotion of concrete ESG initiatives. Although 87% of firms consider ESG factors only to decrease investment risk and potential litigation on a reputational basis, this policy creates two concrete contribution methods to a PE firmÕs ESG efforts.10 First, ESOPs themselves are found to have a significantly positive relationship with greater environmental protection, quality of environmental impact information disclosed, and ESG ratings.11 Second, the proceeds are required to be reinvested in SMEs with ESG initiatives which are known to create jobs at a higher rate than non- PE-backed firms and to adopt sustainable business practices.12 Both methods will ensure the PE industry maximizes shareholder value while simultaneously contributing to social welfare. Highlight: • This policy proposes that through an expansion of Section 1042 of the IRC, private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) firms can defer capital gains taxes by selling a controlling stake in a company to Employee Stock