(2)(a) to (j). (2B) But the chief inspector of constabulary must obtain the approval of the Secretary of State to the inspection programme or framework in question before acting under sub-paragraph (2A).Ó. (5) In sub-paragraph (3)Ñ (a) before Òto sendÓ insert Ò under sub-paragraph (2A)(c) Ó, and (b) for Òthat sub-paragraphÓ substitute Ò sub-paragraph (2) Ó. (6) Omit sub-paragraph (4). (7) Before sub-paragraph (5) insertÑ Ò(4A) The Secretary of State may by order specify matters to which the chief inspector of constabulary must have regard in preparing an inspection programme or an inspection framework. (4B) Those matters may (in particular) include the need to secure, so far as possible, the following objectivesÑ (a) that any requirements placed on police forces as a result of inspections carried out under section 54 are not unduly burdensome; and (b) that inspections under that section can be carried out promptly in response to matters that raise issues of national importance in relation to the police. (4C) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (4B)(b), the Secretary of State may issue guidance as to the matters that raise issues of national importance in relation to the police; and the chief inspector of constabulary must have regard to any such guidance in preparing an inspection programme or an inspection framework.Ó. F7286 Powers in connection with HMIC inspections . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87 HMIC and freedom of information In Part 6 of Schedule 1 to the Freedom of Information Act 2000 (other public bodies and offices: general), at the appropriate place insertÑÒThe chief inspector of constabulary appointed under section 54(1) of the Police Act 1996.Ó. 82 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Community safety partnerships 88 Crime and disorder strategies Schedule 11 (which contains amendments to sections 5 to 7 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 in relation to the formulation and implementation of crime and disorder strategies) has effect. Policing in England and Wales 89 Collaboration agreements (1) The Police Act 1996 is amended in accordance with subsections (2) and (3). (2) After section 22 insertÑ Ò22A Collaboration agreements (1) A collaboration agreement may be made byÑ (a) two or more policing bodies; or (b) the chief officers of police of one or more police forces and two or more policing bodies. (2) A collaboration agreement is an agreement containing one or more of the followingÑ (a) provision about the discharge of functions of members of a police force (Òforce collaboration provisionÓ); (b) provision about support by a policing body