Social landlords should welcome scrutiny of whether they are using resources in the most efficient and effective way, including in their approach to executive remuneration and employment costs. 24. We will work with the Regulator of Social Housing to ensure all social landlords provide a clear breakdown of how their income is being spent. This needs to be in an accessible format so tenants can see how funds are being spent and can challenge whether money is being spent on the things that matter to them. We will work with the sector to explore best practice on the use of apps to make this information more accessible to tenants. 24 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Clear leadership in landlords to deliver a quality service 25. We want it to be clear to tenants who, in the leadership of their landlord, is responsible for ensuring good quality customer service. We therefore expect the Regulator of Social Housing to require that all landlords identify a Ôresponsible personÕ who will ensure that the organisation is complying with consumer standards (see paragraph 65). This person will be key to ensuring landlords deliver good quality customer service and drive culture change where it is needed. The regulator will introduce this measure as part of a broader requirement for landlords to provide greater clarity on the roles and responsibilities of senior level staff. We will expect the regulator to implement these requirements through changes to its consumer standards. 26. There should be such a Ôresponsible personÕ identified in every landlord, regardless of size or type. Given the diverse nature of the sector, it should be for landlords to decide who is best placed to fulfil this function. What is essential is that responsibility must rest with an individual person at a suitably senior level within the landlordÕs organisation to drive change and unite the organisation behind delivering good customer service; and that this person must be clearly identified to tenants, the regulator and the Housing Ombudsman. For example, this might be a senior executive within a local authority or large housing association, or the Chief Executive of a small housing association. The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 25 Chapter 3: To have your complaints dealt with promptly and fairly Since it was created in 1996, the Housing Ombudsman has been delivering a vital service to ensure disputes are resolved and residents receive redress where appropriate. We are clear that residents should be able to raise concerns without fear and get swift and effective resolution when they do. We heard from some residents that making a complaint can be difficult and take too long Ð and that it can sometimes take months for the complaint to be resolved, or for the resident to be able to access the Housing Ombudsman. This chapter sets out how we will fix that. We have already: • Set out in the Building Safety Bill how we will speed up access