or any statement of conditions Ó, (f) in subsection (5), after Òproduce the temporary event noticeÓ insert Ò or statement of conditions Ó, (g) in subsection (6), after Òproduce the temporary event noticeÓ insert Ò or statement of conditions Ó, and (h) in subsection (8), after ÒnoticeÓ insert Ò or statement of conditions Ó. (5) In section 110 (theft, loss, etc. of temporary event notice)Ñ (a) in the title, after ÒnoticeÓ insert Ò or statement of conditions Ó, (b) after subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) Where a statement of conditions that is given under section 106A(3) is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed, the premises user may apply to the licensing authority which gave the statement for a copy of the statement.Ó, (c) in subsection (4), after Òcopy of the noticeÓ insert Ò or statement Ó, (d) in subsection (4)(a), after ÒnoticeÓ insert Ò or statement Ó, (e) in subsection (5), after ÒnoticeÓ insert Ò or statement Ó, and (f) in subsection (6), after ÒnoticeÓ insert Ò or statement Ó. (6) The amendments made by this section apply in relation to temporary event notices that are given on or after the commencement of this section. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 105 114 Temporary event notices: late notices (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (12). (2) In section 98(2) (meaning of Òpermitted temporary activityÓ), for Òsections 102 (acknowledgement of notice) and 104(1) (notification of police)Ó substitute Ò section 102 (acknowledgement of notice) Ó. (3) In section 100 (temporary event notice)Ñ (a) in subsection (7), for paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(a) must be given in accordance with section 100A, andÓ, andÓ (b) in subsection (7)(b), after ÒfeeÓ insert Ò when it is given by the premises user to the relevant licensing authority. Ó. (4) After section 100 insertÑ Ò100A Standard and late temporary event notices (1) For the purposes of section 100(7)(a), a temporary event notice must be given in accordance withÑ (a) subsection (2), in which case the notice is a Òstandard temporary event noticeÓ, or (b) subsection (3), in which case the notice is a Òlate temporary event noticeÓ. (2) A temporary event notice is given in accordance with this subsection if, no later than ten working days before the day on which the event period begins,Ñ (a) it is given to the relevant licensing authority by means of a relevant electronic facility, or (b) it is given to the relevant licensing authority (otherwise than by means of a relevant electronic facility) and to each relevant person. (3) A temporary event notice is given in accordance with this subsection ifÑ (a) it is given to the relevant licensing authority