life. A person sentenced to a term of imprisonment for 3 months or more but less than 3 years cannot possess firearms, shotguns, antique firearms, or ammunition until 5 years after the date of their release. A person with a suspended sentence of 3 months or more must not possess firearms, shotguns, antique firearms, or ammunition for a period of 5 years from the second day after the date on which sentence has been passed. (A suspended sentence is served in the community instead of in prison provided the o?ender does not commit any further o?ences and complies with any conditions imposed by the courts). 3.2 Firearm certificates Firearm certificates are issued for weapons covered by section 1 of the 1968 Act, which include: rifles muzzle-loading pistols firearms used for the humane killing of animals, flare pistols and vintage pistols held as war trophies or collectorsÕ items section 1 shotguns section 1 air rifles, which are air rifles with a muzzle energy greater than 12 foot- pounds For information on the prohibition of weapons and special exemptions, see the Firearms ( Amendment) Act 1997. 3.3 Shotgun certificates Shotgun certificates, covered by section 2 of the 1968 Act, allow the holder to own any number of shotguns. These can include pump-action and self-loading weapons with a magazine (cartridge holder) incapable of holding more than 2 cartridges, but excludes large magazine smooth-bore guns. 3.4 Age of a firearm and or shotgun certificate holder The 1968 Act places restrictions on the purchase, acquisition, possession and use of firearms by, and the transfer to, young people. The subject of minimum age to possess a firearm or shotgun is complicated. This is explained further in Appendix 4 of the Home O?ce g uide on firearms licensing law, including exemptions. The table in appendix 4 is a legal summary on the type of firearms or shotguns that may be held by those aged 17 and under. 4. Quality and methodology Data in the firearm and shotgun certificates in Eng land and Wales statistical release is collected as part of the statutory Annual Data Requirement (ADR) between the Home O?ce and police forces. The ADR is a list of all mandatory data requests made to police forces in England and Wales under the Home SecretaryÕs statutory powers. 4.1 Data coverage The main statistics on firearm and shotgun certificates include: certificates on issue - collected once in 1971 and in every year since 1983 new and renewal applications - collected every year since 1983 new and renewal coterminous applications - collected every year since the year ending March 2018 the number of firearms and shotguns covered by certificates on issue - collected every year since 1995 firearm and shotgun certificate revocations - collected every year since 1992 firearm dealers - collected every year since 1995 visitorsÕ firearm and shotgun permits - collected every year since the year ending March 1995 the number of people who hold a firearm and or a shotgun by age and gender - collected