known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (iii) shall be entitled to use reasonable force to keep that person in his charge [F1003and under his control] . [F1004(d) a person who has taken another person to a police station in exercise of the power conferred by virtue of paragraph (a)Ñ (i) shall be under a duty to remain at the police station until he has transferred control of the other person to the custody officer at the police station; (ii) until he has so transferred control of the other person, shall be treated for all purposes as having that person in his lawful custody; (iii) for so long as he is at the police station or in its immediate vicinity in compliance with, or having complied with, his duty under sub- paragraph (i), shall be under a duty to prevent the escape of the other person and to assist in keeping him under control; and (iv) shall be entitled to use reasonable force for the purpose of complying with his duty under sub-paragraph (iii).] (2) Without prejudice to any [F1005application of] paragraph 26, where a person has another in his lawful custody by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraphÑ (a) he shall have the same powers under subsections (6A) and (6B) of section 54 of the 1984 Act (non-intimate searches) as a constable has in the case of a person in police detentionÑ (i) to carry out a search of the other person; and (ii) to seize or retain, or cause to be seized or retained, anything found on such a search; (b) subsections (6C) and (9) of that section (restrictions on power to seize personal effects and searches to be carried out by a member of the same sex) shall apply to the exercise by a person to whom this paragraph is applied of any power exercisable by virtue of this sub-paragraph as they apply to the exercise of the power in question by a constable. Escort of persons in police detention 35 (1) Where a designation applies this paragraph to any person, that person may be authorised by the custody officer for any designated police station in the relevant police area to escort a person in police detentionÑ (a) from that police station to another police station in that or any other police area; or (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Powers exercisable by contracted-out staff Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made