arrest.36 Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to 17 year olds In the County or High Court, the applicant should complete a N244 form and pay the appropriate fee. Applicants should also file an affidavit explaining why a warrant of arrest is necessary and/or give oral evidence in support of the application at the hearing.37 Where oral evidence is given, the applicant must provide a written record of this evidence to the respondent upon their arrest. An application for a warrant of arrest may be made to court without notice by providing a complaint in writing under oath. 35 Section 43(7) of the 2009 Act defines Òrelevant judgeÓ as a High Court where the injunction was granted by the High Court and a judge or district judge of the county court where the injunction was granted by the county court. 36 Section 44 of the 2009 Act. 37 CPR Rule 65.46(2). 43 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing 12.6. Breach proceedings, forms and fees Proceedings relating to an adult Proceedings relating to 14 to 17 year olds Breach of an injunction is contempt of court which requires committal proceedings in respect of adults. It does not constitute a Ôcriminal offenceÕ. Application notice N244 must be filed to apply for an order of committal for breach of an injunction. Please refer to the current Order for the fee payable.38 The requirements relating to personal service of the court order alleged to be breached are in CPR 81 and the accompanying Practice Direction as are details of the rules applying to applications for committal in county court proceedings.39 An application for committal in the High Court or County Court must be made in accordance with CPR Part 81 and the accompanying Practice Direction40 This involves making an application for permission to make an application for an order of committal (when the application is made to a Divisional Court only); filing an affidavit alongside the application notice, setting out the name and description of the applicant; the name, description and address of the respondent; and the grounds on which the application for committal is sought. Evidence of breach should be disclosed in full to the respondent and their representative as soon as possible before the hearing, and there must be at least 14 clear days between the service of committal papers and the hearing. Where an under 18 is alleged to have breached any provision of an injunction, the applicant can decide whether to make an application for a supervision order or detention order in accordance Schedule 5A of the Policing and Crime Act 2009 (as amended).41 Before making an application in writing to the Youth Court in accordance with Rule 10 of The MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang- related Violence) Rules 2015,42 the applicant is required to consult with the Youth Offending Team and any other partners involved previously consulted when taking out the injunction. Please see latest order for fees payable.43 The application should