the purpose of allowing the claim to be investigated, but must not adjourn for more than 28 days in total. (3) The court must accept a claim under subsection (1)(a) or (b) unless it is shown, on the balance of probabilities, that the claim is unfounded. (4) Where a court accepts a claim under subsection (1)(b), the condition of the caution by virtue of which the amount is required to be paid ceases to have effect. (5) In the case of a claim under subsection (1)(c), the court must accept the claim so far as relating to the facts claimed (leaving aside any question as to the reasonableness of the excuse), unless it is shown, on the balance of probabilities, that the claim so far as relating to those facts is unfounded. (6) Where a court accepts a claim under subsection (1)(c), the court may order that the condition of the caution by virtue of which the amount is required to be paidÑ (a) ceases to have effect, or (b) is varied so as to reduce the amount payable or to extend the time for payment (or both). Commencement Information I191 S. 113 not in force at Royal Assent, see s. 208(1) 114 Variation of conditions (1) An authorised person or prosecution authority may, with the consent of the offender, vary the conditions attached to a community caution byÑ (a) varying or omitting any of the conditions; (b) adding a condition. (2) See also section 115(2) (addition of financial penalty). Commencement Information I192 S. 114 not in force at Royal Assent, see s. 208(1) 126 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 6 Ð Cautions CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes General 116 Code of practice (1) The Secretary of State must prepare a code of practice in relation to diversionary and community cautions. (2) The code may, in particular, include provision as toÑ (a) the circumstances in which diversionary and community cautions may be given; (b) the procedure to be followed in connection with the giving of diversionary and community cautions; (c) the conditions which may be attached to diversionary and community cautions and the time for which they may have effect; (d) the category of constable or investigating officer by whom diversionary and community cautions may be given; (e) the persons whom a prosecution authority may authorise as authorised persons for the purposes of this Part; (f) the form which diversionary and community cautions are to take and the manner in which they are to be given and