should be understood, however, that these distances are flexible and may be increased or decreased depending upon the level of risk after you have put in place the appropriate fire-prevention measures (Part 1, Step 3.3). In new buildings which have been designed and constructed in accordance with modern building standards the travel distances will already have been calculated. Once you have completed your fire risk assessment you need to confirm that those distances are still relevant. When assessing travel distances you need to consider the distance to be travelled by people when escaping, allowing for walking around furniture or display material etc. (see Figure 24). The distance should be measured from all parts of the premises (e.g. from the most remote part of an office or shop on any floor) to the nearest place of reasonable safety which is: • a protected stairway enclosure (a storey exit); • a separate fire compartment from which there is a final exit to a place of total safety; or • the nearest available final exit. • Table 2: Suggested travel distances Escape routes Suggested range of travel distance Where more than one escape route is provided 25m in higher fire-risk area1 45m in normal fire-risk area 60m in lower fire-risk area2 Where only a single escape route is provided 12m in higher fire-risk area1 18m in normal fire-risk area 25m in lower fire-risk area2 Note 1: Where there are small high-risk areas this travel distance should apply. Where the risk assessment indicates that the whole building is high- risk, ask advice from a competent person. Note 2: The travel distance for lower risk premises should only be applied in exceptional cases in the very lowest risk premises where densities are low, occupants are familiar with the premises, excellent visual awareness, and very limited combustibles. 68 The travel distances given in Table 2 are based on those recommended in Approved Document B of the Building Regulations24 and are intended to complement the other fire safety recommendations in Approved Document B. Your current escape route travel distances may be different from these since they may be based on recommendations made in alternative guidance. Where your route leads to more than one final exit, but only allows initial travel in a single direction (e.g. from a room or dead end, see Figures 28 and 29), then this initial travel distance should be limited to that for a Ôsingle escape routeÕ in Table 2. However, your total travel distance should not exceed that for Ômore than one escape routeÕ. Measuring travel distance The figures that follow are schematic and are intended to represent part of a larger building. The route taken through a room or space will be determinted by the layout of the contents e.g. work stations, aisle layout (Figure 24). It is good practice to ensure routes to the exits are kept as direct and short as possible. In a small room there may be only one exit but in a larger room or area