people (aged 18 to 34), with one in seven young women, and one in nine young men experiencing such threats. ‘Revenge porn’ and forms of abuse carried out online can have a significant and long-term impact on a victim. This includes re- traumatisation and is in part due to long-lasting privacy violations. Victims may need to be supported in taking action to report and remove material published online. Whilst technology can be used as a means of perpetuating abuse, it can also be used by victims when reporting it. There are several live chat functions run by service providers to facilitate reporting and discrete online tools and live sessions for victims to receive advice anonymously, should they choose to. The Government is taking steps to further protect victims of abuse facilitated by technology through the Online Safety Bill.40 This legislation will put in place strengthened measures for technology firms to safeguard online service users. Refuge provide guidance on technology facilitated abuse and technology safety resources to support victims of abuse and professionals working with victims. Abuse relating to faith Whilst an individual’s faith can be a source of support and comfort to victims, domestic abuse can occur in relation to it, and through using, manipulating, or exploiting it. This abuse can have a deeply damaging impact on victims, and might include, but is not limited to, the following examples: Manipulation and exploitation through the influence of religion; Requirements for secrecy and silence; Marital rape and the use of religious scripture to justify that; Coercion to conform or control through the use of sacred or religious texts/teaching e.g. theological justifications for sexual coercion or abuse; Causing harm, isolation and/or neglect to get rid of an ‘evil force’ or ‘spirit’ that is believed to have possessed the victim; and Requirement of obedience to the perpetrator of domestic abuse, owing to religion or faith, or their ‘divine’ position. 39 Refuge. The Naked Threat: It’s time to change the law to protect survivors from image-based abuse: 2020. 40 See Online Safety Bill: factsheet - GOV.UK (www.gov.uk). Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic abuse can also involve preventing a victim from practising their faith or religious obligations. This may include the perpetrator: Forcing the victim to act or behave in ways which contradict religious beliefs and or spiritual rituals and practice (e.g. forcing the victim to transgress religious dietary observations); Preventing the victim from performing acts of worship, prayers and/or attending communal worship; Forcing sexual acts which contradict religious observance and or religious law (e.g. during and after menstruation or pre-marital sex); and Forcing or limiting access to abortion, birth control or sterilisation when this will contravene religious observance. Religious marriage and divorce Religious-only marriages, being unregistered marriages that are conducted in accordance with the rites of a particular religion but without legal status, can be used by perpetrators to: Actively discourage or prevent the marriage being registered in English and Welsh law ensuring that victims are denied their legal rights and protection in