and other persons Ó, and (i) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 97 Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (ii) in paragraph (c), for Òinterested partyÓ substitute Ò other person Ó. (3) In section 52(8) (determination of application for review of premises licence)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a)(i), for Òan interested partyÓ substitute Ò any other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (4) In section 53A(3) (summary reviews on application of senior police officer)Ñ (a) in paragraph (c), for Òinterested partiesÓ substitute Ò other persons Ó, and (b) in paragraph (e), for Òinterested partyÓ substitute Ò other person Ó. (5) In section 53C(8) (review of premises licence following summary review notice)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òan interested partyÓ substitute Ò any other person Ó, and (b) in paragraph (c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó. (6) In section 167 (review of premises licence following closure order)Ñ (a) in subsection (4)(b), for Òinterested partiesÓ substitute Ò other persons Ó, (b) in subsection (4)(c), for Òinterested partyÓ substitute Ò other person Ó, (c) in subsection (10)(a), for Òan interested partyÓ substitute Ò any other person Ó, (d) in subsection (10)(c), for Òan interested party (who is not also a responsible authority)Ó substitute Ò a person who is not a responsible authority Ó, and (e) in subsection (14), for Ò Òinterested partyÓ and Òresponsible authorityÓ haveÓ substitute Ò Òresponsible authorityÓ hasÓ. (7) The amendments made by this section apply in relation to applications for review that are made on or after the commencement of this section. 107 Club premises certificates: who may make relevant representations (1) The Licensing Act 2003 is amended as set out in subsections (2) to (7). (2) In section 69 (authorised persons, interested parties and responsible authorities)Ñ (a) in the title, omit Ò, interested partiesÓ, (b) in subsection (1), omit Ò Òinterested partyÓ,Ó, and (c) omit subsection (3). (3) In section 71(6) (application for club premises certificate)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a)(ii), for Òinterested partiesÓ substitute Ò persons who live, or are involved in a business, in the relevant licensing authority's area and who are Ó, (b) after paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(aa) require the relevant licensing authority to advertise the application within the prescribed periodÑ 98 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 2 Ð Licensing CHAPTER 1 Ð Amendments of the Licensing Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects