provide the Secretary of State with information on such matters as may be specified in the requirement, being matters connected withÑ (a) the policing of the police area for which that police force is maintained, or (b) the discharge of the national or international functions of that police force. (2) A requirement under subsection (1) may, in particular, specify information in the form of statistical data, being data connected withÑ (a) the policing of that police area, or (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 87 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 7 Ð Other provisions relating to policing and crime and disorder Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) the discharge of the national or international functions of the police force for that area. (3) A requirement under subsection (1) may specify the form in which information is to be provided. (4) The Secretary of State may require a chief officer to publish, in such manner as appears to the Secretary of State to be appropriate, information provided in accordance with a requirement under subsection (1). (5) The Secretary of State may cause a consolidated and classified abstract of any information in the form of statistical data that is provided in accordance with subsection (1) to be prepared and laid before Parliament.Ó. 93 Regulations about provision of equipment (1) Section 53 of the Police Act 1996 (regulations as to standard of equipment) is amended as follows. (2) In the title, after ÒstandardÓ insert Ò and provision Ó. (3) After subsection (1A) insertÑ Ò(1AA) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, make provision about the arrangements which must be, may be, or must not be, used for the provision of equipment for use for police purposes. (1AB) The regulations may, in particularÑ (a) make provision about the nature or terms of such arrangements, or (b) prescribe arrangements which may be, or must be, used.Ó (4) In subsection (1B), after Òsubsection (1A)Ó insert Ò or (1AA) Ó. (5) In subsection (2), for paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(a) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (aa) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (ab) the Common Council;Ó. 94 National and international functions (1) Section 96A of the Police Act 1996 (national and international functions of the metropolitan police) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (6). (2) In the title, after ÒpoliceÓ insert Ò force and other police forces Ó. (1) 88 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 8 Ð Miscellaneous provisions Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See