six times more likely to have contact with police than their white counterparts.11 When the Des Moines school board redirected funds from policing to restorative practices, student arrests decreased, and the sense of safety among students increased.12 These initiatives have yielded promising results, including reduced court referrals, reduced suspensions, and an increase in staff appropriately responding to behavioral crises.13 These results highlight that this policy is both effective and equitable. This policy is also cost-effective. The financial burden of employing police in schools diverts funds from other necessities that would address school safety without perpetuating inequities. In 2018, 26 states invested over $960 million in enhancing SRO presence and school security, while 60% of public schools did not offer mental health services, and 18% had no paid school nurses.14 In schools where Black students were the majority, 20.7% had more security staff than mental health professionals, compared to just 2.5% in majority White schools.15 If police were removed, schools would be able to afford mental health staff. Funding for restorative justice programs would be cheaper,16 as training existing educators and staff would not require paying additional full time salaries. Furthermore, redirecting funds into rehabilitative training and mental health resources will have a positive effect, rather than continuing to spend millions of dollars on a system that fails to keep students safe. Restorative policies have been proven to improve the average GPA and reduce student gang membership, depression, and substance abuse.17 Highlights While the federal government has invested over $1 billion to increase police presence in schools over the past 25 years, these institutions still lack adequate mental health resources and school nurses. Increasing school policing exacerbates inequity through disproportionate punishments with disabled, Black, LatinX, Indigenous, and LGBTQ+ students. To address the inequities of school policing, New York City should eliminate police presence in public schools and resort to alternative safety measures that focus on mental health and dialogue between students and staff, ultimately leading to an environment where students aren’t punished through suspensions and expulsions, but reintegrated into the classroom. Restorative justice programs around the country have been successful in over 40 school districts that have already transitioned from school policing to alternative and restorative methods. Implementation To successfully implement this policy, New York City should begin with a phase-out approach. The NYC Department of Education should start decreasing police presence in selected school buildings so schools can eventually transition away from NYPD presence. Fewer police officers will allow educators more opportunities to manage student behaviors. Cutting down on police presence will allow funds to be reallocated to extracurriculars, teaching and learning improvements, mental health resources, and counseling. Simultaneously, restorative school programs will be implemented at these schools. In addition, increasing funding for restorative school programs should be a city priority. To successfully transition from school policing to rehabilitative and restorative approaches, New York City needs to significantly reallocate funds for restorative justice. In 2024, 6.5 million dollars was budgeted for restorative justice programs in comparison to over $300 million