responses: 653 100% 77. While 35% of respondents agreed that mandatory reporting would directly improve outcomes for children, there was a larger proportion (45%) who disagreed. Respondents were then invited to outline any other benefits, risks or issues in relation to mandatory reporting which had not been identified in the consultation paper. 17 Question 7: Please outline any risks or benefits regarding the introduction of a mandatory reporting duty that havenÕt been articulated in the consultation. Key word Number of responses Percentage Risks Over reporting 175 41% Resource pressures 123 29% Detract from taking action 75 17% Staff Morale 55 13% Reduced disclosure from victims and abusers 53 12% Increased training burden 29 7% Would require culture change 29 7% Deter offenders from seeking help 17 4% Benefits Increased reporting 34 8% Increased confidence 15 3% Better training 11 3% Better protection for professionals 9 2% Increase resources 7 2% Other 62 14% Not Relevant 15 3% Thresholds would need to be clear 10 2% Better information sharing needed 5 1% Single reporting system needed 3 1% Table note. Responses to this open question have been coded using content analysis and grouped into broad themes. There were 429 respondents to this question. Percentages are calculated by dividing the response count for each code by the number of respondents (429) and will not add up to 100%. 78. The main benefit of mandatory reporting identified by respondents to this question was an increased level of reporting (8%). 79. Respondents identified over-reporting as the main risk (41%), suggesting that mandatory reporting could overwhelm the child protection system. Connected to this, respondents were also concerned about the increased pressure on resources (29%). Another main risk identified was that a focus on reporting would replace the need for professionals to take effective action (17%). 80. The views expressed in written submissions followed a similar pattern: increased reporting was seen as the biggest benefit, while the main risks were over-reporting, increased pressure on resources and concerns that a focus on reporting would detract from taking effective action. 81. A number of written responses also suggested particular specific forms of mandatory reporting (in Ôclosed institutionsÕ or Ôregulated activitiesÕ), as noted in the summary of responses and main findings section. Some respondents to the consultation proposed an alternative definition of Ôregulated activitiesÕ to the one outlined in the consultation materials, with an expanded and more detailed list of activities within scope. 18 Duty to act 82. The consultation sought views on the possible introduction of a statutory duty to act. The introduction of a duty to act would impose a legal requirement on specified groups, professionals or organisations to take appropriate action where they knew or suspected that a child was suffering, or was at risk of suffering, abuse or neglect. This option was developed following consideration of an extension of the existing wilful neglect offences, which currently apply in relation to healthcare and adult social care, to child abuse and neglect. 83. Respondents were asked for