for the drug being present. 1.3 For example, the presence of morphine in a urine specimen may indicate that the donor is a heroin user (heroin is converted to morphine in the human body) but equally it may indicate only that the donor had legitimately taken an anti-diarrhoea preparation that contained morphine as its active ingredient. 1.4 Drug testing involves three integrated stages; collection, analysis and medical review. 1.5 All final drug positive test results should arise from analysis conducted in an accredited laboratory. On-site screening tests may be used to screen out negative results, but a positive indication at the screening stage must go forward to full laboratory analysis and medical review. 1.6 The first stage of the drug testing procedure is the collection of the specimen. The collection of a specimen from a donor is straightforward, but it must be conducted in such a way as to maintain the Chain-of-Custody of the specimen, with full documentation at all stages. The collector must be properly trained, with the standards applying being those that would apply to any other procedure in which it is important to maintain the integrity of an exhibit. 1.7 Analysis is the process of seeking to detect drugs in the collected specimen. If no drugs are found in the specimen, the drug testing procedure is complete at that stage, and the Force will be advised of the "negativeÓ outcome. The results of any test will be provided to the officer at the first available opportunity. Laboratory analysis provides results usually within 48 hours and either the officer supervising the test(s) or a line manager of the officer will inform the officer of the test result. 1.8 If the analysis identifies one or more drugs in the specimen, further work is required. The positive analytical results need to be interpreted in the light of any factors that may provide a legitimate explanation for the presence of the drugs (e.g. medications taken by the specimen donor in the days before the test). This process is referred to as ÒMedical ReviewÓ and is conducted by a medical practitioner (the ÒMedical Review OfficerÓ); in case there is a need for a medical discussion with the donor. The medical practitioner reviews the evidence and arrives at an opinion as to the origins of the drugs identified. If their presence can be explained by the use of prescribed or proprietary medication the Force will be advised of a "negativeÓ outcome. The Head of Professional Standards and/or D/Insp CCU will be informed of this outcome. 1.9 If the presence of drugs in the specimen cannot be accounted for in this way, the force will be advised of a "positiveÓ outcome. The ÒpositiveÓ outcome reported will include the details of the drug(s) identified. In any case where there is any doubt, the overriding principle of the medical review process is to give the benefit of that doubt to the specimen donor. Again the Head of Professional Standards and/or D/Isnp CCU will be informed of