under arrangements agreed by HM coroner or procurator fiscal the SIO and the SIM. Transportation is subject to local arrangements and may be undertaken by: police funeral directors private ambulances Mortuaries usually have a designated reception area to which all arriving deceased people and human remains are taken. On arrival, police personnel should check that the correct documentation has accompanied the deceased or human remains. They should also check that the audit trail is intact and should record the details. The deceased or human remains are then accepted into the mortuary and conveyed to the relevant storage area. The personnel working in the reception area should be briefed on the nature of the scene. Appropriate personal protective equipment should be provided to enable them to undertake their work safely. Documentation in the mortuary All mortuary procedures including documentation will be in line with nationally agreed standards. . The recovery of the deceased and human remains should have been documented on the INTERPOL disaster victim recovery booklet as previously outlined. The pink post-mortem forms should be used throughout the post- mortem procedures in conjunction with the forms below: mortuary process register early information forms mortuary movement logs exhibit books Internationally agreed methods of identification evidence Forensic odontology Odontology is a branch of forensic medicine involved with dentistry. The teeth are the hardest tissue in the human body and are the most resistant to trauma, decomposition, water immersion and fire. Odontology may be the primary method of identification in cases where there are more extreme levels of damage or decomposition of a deceased body. When loose or individual teeth are found at the scene of a major disaster, they should never be destroyed, as they are likely to still hold DNA and offer valuable clues to identity later on. If dental items such as false teeth, crowns, bridges, dentures and fillings are found, they should also be retrieved and documented, as they may be unique to the owner and may lead to identification of that individual. Ridgeology Friction ridge skin from the hands and feet can be used for identification purposes. Prints are taken from deceased persons or human remains. They can be compared with those that have either been taken at an earlier time or have been gathered as part of antemortem procedures. An individualÕs fingerprints may have been taken previously and added to IDENT1, or the United Kingdom Border Force databases. A team of fingerprint specialists and crime scene investigators should physically take the prints. A recognised fingerprint expert should quality assure the recovery process. Prints may be used in the reconciliation process as part of identification. DNA DNA profiling may be used as a primary tool to reunify remains and identify victims of mass fatality incidents. DNA profiling techniques may be particularly useful if the victimsÕ bodies are disrupted or decomposing. DNA may still be successfully obtained from teeth or bone samples in those cases. DNA profiling is a comparative technique. In order for the identification commission to make