tool by which the entire organisation could do its business more effectively, it is seen as an additional method and an imposition. During the time when the NIM was first introduced, reassurance policing had begun and it appears as though these methods initially were seen to conflict. As discussed above, however, reassurance policing’s heir, neighbourhood policing, should be based on intelligence gathered from the community. It can also provide intelligence to be fed into the NIM, so the two methods are not intended at all to be competitive (Maguire and John 2006). As discussed earlier, a second development in policing in the early 1990s was the move towards New Public Management, directed by performance indicators and focused on volume crimes (low-level crimes usually, such as burglary). There is an important difference in philosophy between this and intelligence-led policing. Volume crime encourages the police to work on crimes that are likely to produce a good ‘result’ and clear up as many cases as possible with as few resources as possible. Thus prolific offenders who are more difficult to catch would not be pursued, as they might be in intelligence-led policing. This suggests that volume crime is more concerned with quantity (and meeting performance targets) than quality in intelligence terms. It also brings a return to reactive policing methods, where (volume) crimes are investigated independently of each other. Efforts are being made, however, to link volume crime approaches to the NIM. For example, by using intelligence to identify ‘crime series’, offenders can be charged with as many crimes as possible, as can their co-conspirators. However, nationally set performance indicators do still hold a strong influence over senior police officers and research suggests these may at times influence how the TCG sets its priorities. Some actions taken under the NIM would not show up on performance indictors and there is thus a risk that politics rather than intelligence could dictate policing at times (Maguire and John 2006). Other problems have been identified with intelligence-led policing, besides (perceived) conflicts with community and volume crime methods and performance indicators. Generating intelligence itself can be problematic, in addition to keeping that flow of information coming. Police officers are still involved in reactive policing, as they must respond to crimes as they are reported. This does not always leave a lot of time for ‘proactive’ work. In addition, some of the roles and activities that stem from intelligence-led work may be less attractive than other, more reactive, ones. It is still to early to know if the NIM has been successful, but it does have a number of inherent barriers to overcome. (Tilley 2003). However, Tilley argues that intelligence-led policing may come to sit better with the more traditionally-minded police officers than initiatives like neighbourhood policing. In its most narrow interpretation, intelligence-led policing is primarily concerned with enforcement, arrest and incarceration of offenders. More fuzzy concepts such as economic deprivation or low social capital do not come into play, and the offender is cited as the main