the chief officer of police; and (j) Owing to the differences in the firearms licensing database used in Scotland, the firearm certificate issued there is slightly different to those issued in England and Wales. The content of the certificate in both jurisdictions, however, is identical. This difference is allowed for under rule 2(f) of the Firearms Rules 1998. 10.21 The certificate does not require the identification numbers of those firearms authorised to be purchased or acquired to be entered, (see paragraph 10.4). 10.22 If there are a number of people with good reason to share property and a gun cabinet, permission can be provided to all parties to acquire. In these circumstances, the buyer/ recipient should have the seller/donor complete Table I of his/her certificate. It is the buyerÕs responsibility to endorse the certificates of all those who have shared access/joint ownership. All individuals with shared access/joint ownership will need to arrange for their certificates to be amended accordingly. Notification is still required on every written transfer. 10.23 The certificate requires the following entry as to ammunition: - the maximum amount authorised to be possessed at any one time. Renewals 10.24 According to section 27(3) of the 1968 Act, the test for renewal of a firearm certificate is the same as the test for the grant, i.e. the test in section 27(1). Section 28A(1) of the same Act states that the certificate shall continue in force for 5 years from the date when it was granted or last renewed. Thus, the wording of section 28A(1) means that the 5 years start to run from the date when the certificate was granted or renewed, not from the date when the previous certificate elapsed. 80 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Limited extension of certificates 10.25 Where an application is made to the police for the renewal of a certificate at least 8 weeks before the certificate is due to expire, but the police are unable to decide the application before the certificate expires, section 28B of the 1968 Act automatically extends the validity of the certificate for a period of 8 weeks or until the police decide the application, whichever occurs first. The certificateÕs terms and conditions will continue to apply during this period. Changes have been made to police IT systems to support the administration of this provision and to facilitate police forces generating a confirmatory letter to applicants who benefit from an extension under section 28B. 10.26 In the event that the application for renewal is subsequently granted, any period for which the certificate continued in force under section 28B will be treated for the purposes of section 28A(1) as part of the period for which the renewed certificate is in force, meaning that the total renewal period of a renewed certificate would be 5 years. 10.27 In the event that the application for renewal cannot be determined before the extended certificate expires, police forces may continue to issue a temporary permit to the applicant under section 7 of the