If this is not possible, consider taking them to another place of safety, e.g. the home of a relative or a refuge. • Consider the needs of victims who may be particularly vulnerable to harassment e.g. geographically isolated, mental ill health or physical disability, member of a minority community or at risk of honour based abuse (HBA). Any concerns must be raised with a supervisor or specialist department. • Update relevant intelligence systems • Seek support from the relevant Public Protection Department for all cases. • The attending officer in all cases should add an MG11 to the casefile detailing the victimÕs demeanour and behaviour at the scene following an incident. Such statements are vital when demonstrating the impact of the stalking or harassment to a court. • If children involved a PPN should be submitted on NICHE. • Consider whether BWC footage will assist in the investigation (See Body Worn Video Procedure). • 5.5 Investigating Officer Stalking requires a comprehensive and effective investigation to be conducted and as such the lines of available evidence should be considered at an early stage to ensure that this evidence is secured and preserved. This is particularly important when dealing with time critical issues for example CCTV enquiries, evidence contained on digital devices such as mobile phones and forensic evidence, or evidence that can be readily destroyed by a perpetrator. Where necessary the advice and support of the CID should be sought to set this initial investigative direction and to ensure no opportunities are missed. The following are suggested courses of action: • Engage in the post-arrest management of suspects and ensure the risk assessment is available to the Custody Sergeant in order to identify whether bail is appropriate in relation to risk to the victim, children or other vulnerable person. • Go through the sections listed above and ensure all necessary actions have been carried out. Complete any outstanding actions. • Reassure the victim that as an organisation we recognise how serious stalking and harassment is and what a detrimental impact it has on its victims. They will be believed and we will protect them. • Take all incidents seriously, regardless of how small or insignificant they may seem. Look at the case as a whole and establish as much information as possible rather than treat it as an isolated incident. Use your skills as an experienced member of PPD and dealing with high risk victims to try and gain as much background information as you can. • A full statement should be taken from the victim where they are prepared to support a prosecution. In cases of a vulnerable or intimidated witness this should be done via a visually recorded statement. • Ensure that the release of the suspect and/or any bail conditions are discussed with the victim prior to being made, in order to ascertain their views and any further information which may impact on the decision e.g. details of any existing court orders. • Consider applying for a Restraining