Formal witness protection scheme, application for special measures in court Ð for example, screens and live television link. National witness mobility scheme, application for special measures in court. 3a. Low level intimidation Witness security and support, application for special measures in court. or harassment 3b. Fear of low level intimidation 3c. Fear of the court system or procedure Witness security and support, consider application for special measures in court. Explanation of court system/procedure (possibility of applying for special measures in court in some instances Ð for example, elderly and frail witnesses. Whatever action is taken, officers should be careful to avoid any suggestion that inducements have been offered in return for the witnessÕs testimony. Witness protection Where there are fears that a witness may be intimidated, investigators, working in conjunction with the CPS, can develop a witness care strategy designed to protect the witness from intimidation or harassment. This can include protecting the identity of the witness during the investigation, the early stages of the prosecution process and, in certain exceptional circumstances, through the trial itself. Local measures There are a number of local measures which investigators can employ to improve security and provide protection. These include: providing a ÔHomelinkÕ alarm system upgrading security at the home address temporary relocation entries on briefing and intelligence systems Investigators can obtain assistance with these interim measures from local crime reduction advisers and neighbourhood policing teams. Some local authorities also provide access to resources to deal with witness protection issues. Reluctant witnesses These are people who are believed to have witnessed an offence, part of an offence or events closely connected with it, but are reluctant to become involved in the investigative process. Initial actions should try to establish the reasons for the witnessÕs reluctance so that attempts to address the issue can be made. Reasons for reluctance: adverse perceptions of the police or criminal justice process fear of an alleged perpetrator concern about the response from the community where they live worries about their identity being released uncertainty about the process Reluctant witnesses should be given an outline of the offence(s) being investigated. The specific details of the allegation, or particulars about what the witness may have seen, should not be discussed. In addition, no pressure should be applied to encourage the witness to talk to the police or to give evidence. The function of the investigator in these circumstances is simply to provide enough information to allow the potential witness to decide whether to assist or not. Records should be kept of any contact and anything said. The investigator should liaise with the CPS once they are aware that the witness is reluctant to attend court to give evidence, as the prosecutor may be able to apply for a witness summons to secure their attendance. Hostile witnesses These are people believed to have witnessed an offence, part of an offence or events closely connected with it, but who are opposed to the investigative process and/or biased against the examining party. The