flexible working arrangements which can be helpful to victims in certain situations, for example, managing appointments related to domestic abuse or finding safe accommodation. Employers should consult with staff, trade unions, employee representatives or domestic abuse charities to develop, implement and maintain a domestic abuse policy taking into account the law, guidance and identified good practice. In 2020, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy undertook a review to examine how victims of domestic abuse can be supported in the workplace and how to give employers the confidence and knowledge to support victims better. The report sets out the need to tackle domestic abuse as a workplace issue and the positive role that employers can play in supporting victims. The report on workplace support for victims of domestic abuse includes best practice case studies and prompts to help those experiencing domestic abuse. There is a range of up-to-date practical guidance which employers can access. Employers should note the Employers’ Initiative for Domestic Abuse (EIDA), a business network which empowers employers to take action against domestic abuse, for their staff, and their sectors. The EIDA bring together the experience, expertise and best practice of their members and partners to tackle abuse and raise awareness. Membership is free to any employer wanting to act. The network provides practical guidance, up to date tools and materials, as well as signposting to support services. For example, their handbook is a single reference guide, with a raft of practical steps for employers to take to establish and maintain a domestic abuse policy and support employees who make a disclosure. The guidance has been assembled with the help of EIDA’s partners, founders, and Beacon members and is available to download for members of the network. They also have a free to download employer toolkit which has been updated to reflect post-Covid-19 pandemic working. Employers should also note the Employers Domestic Abuse Covenant (EDAC), a commitment by businesses to support those affected by abuse to enter or re-enter the workplace. Employers are invited to sign the Covenant and identify workplace skills and opportunities for victims seeking sustainable employment opportunities. The initiative aims to harness real and meaningful social change, create inclusive and positive opportunities, develop long term, sustainable solutions for victims of abuse to build their confidence, resilience, skills, and access to the workplace. The EDAC has been rolled out across England from June 2021 and is a collaboration between the Sharan Project and the Department for Work and Pensions, with support from the Home Office and the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy. Employers should also refer to the PHE BITC Domestic Abuse Employer Toolkit. This toolkit helps employers of all sizes and sectors make a commitment to respond to the risk of domestic abuse and build an approach that ensures all employees feel supported and empowered by their workplace to deal with domestic abuse. The Equality and Human Rights Commission and the Chartered Institute for Personnel Development have also published a guide for