Never create a record using information you know to be inaccurate or incomplete beyond what is outlined in the Standards. Inaccurate or partial information should be added to the body of the report or as an OEL entry instead of creating a record of no use and no valid policing purpose. Remarks as to why a record has not been created should be added so the information is still recorded somewhere. 1.1.1 Entity - Person All newly created person records must have the below: • Surname • Forename (full name no abbreviations or nicknames) • Date of Birth (dd/mm/yyyy) • Gender/Self defined/Verified • Linked contact information such as home address (preferred), telephone or email address o Please refer to the relevant standards for each standards type (P.O.L.E) * Person / Object / Location / Entity Police officers and staff Police person records are to be linked when an officer or staff are involved in an incident whilst on duty (found via collar number). These records must only ever contain work related information. Never link personal information to an officer or staff record. Table of Contents If a member of Wiltshire police is involved in an incident outside of their working hours then a separate person record must be created and linked accordingly. This record should follow the standards above for ÔPersonÕ. Additional information may also be required depending on the classification of the person See Annex B for the detailed Data Quality Standards - 2.1.1 Person Records and 2.1.2 Person - Other also see Annex C - 3.1.4 Gender / Gender Title, 3.1.7 Linking/updating existing person records and 3.1.8 Updating personal information. 1.1.2 Entity - Object Telephone Ð Local All telephone numbers should have a minimum of ten numeric digits including a dialling code (most local numbers will have 11 digits) • Use the remarks box of the record link to provide any information regarding extension numbers or access codes as appropriate. Telephone Ð International Add the last 11 digits to the phone number field and add the full number (including the country name and international dialling code) to the remarks box of the record. • Use the remarks box of the record link to provide any information regarding extension numbers or access codes as appropriate. • Make sure the correct record type is selected from the ÔTypeÕ drop down menu Email addresses • All email addresses must contain an Ò@Ó symbol • Make sure the correct record type is selected from the ÔTypeÕ drop down menu Web Addresses • All web addresses much begin and end with the correct domain format (www. / .co.uk / .com / .org or other as appropriate) • Make sure the correct record type is selected from the ÔTypeÕ drop down menu Unique Reference • Passport number • Driving Licence number • CRO ID • PNC ID • National Insurance Number See Annex B for the detailed Data Quality Standards - 2.1.3 Telephone/Email Records also see Annex C - 3.1.9 Telephone Records Vehicle All