C. and Cooper, H. (2002) ÔEffectiveness of Mentoring Programs for Youth: a meta-analytical reviewÕ, American Journal of Community Psychology, vol. 30 (2), pp 157Ð197; Jekielek, S. M., Moore, K. A., Hair, E. C. and Scarupa, H. J. (2002) Mentoring: A promising strategy for youth development. Washington DC: Child Trends. 10 The Olweus Bullying Prevention Programme was developed in Norway and involves activities at the school, classroom and individual levels. These activities include assessment of the nature and prevalence of bullying in a school, defining school rules against bullying and interventions with students with a history of bullying and/or victimisation. KiVa is a bullying prevention programme developed in Finland. KiVa involves a universal, school-wide component that aims to 1 change norms about the acceptability of bullying amongst pupils and to support students and intervene when bullying occurs. KiVa also involves a targeted component where dedicated KiVa teams work with identified bullies, see, for example, Salmivalli, C., KŠrnŠ, A. and Poskiparta, E. (2009) ÔDevelopment, evaluation, and diffusion of a national anti- bullying program (KiVa)Õ. In Handbook of youth prevention science, Doll, B. Pfohl, W. and Yoon, J. (eds). New York: Routledge. 11 Farrington, D. P. and Ttofi, M. M. (2009) ÔSchool-based programs to reduce bullying and victimizationÕ, Campbell Systematic Reviews; Ttofi, M. M., Farrington, D. P. and Baldry, A. C. (2008) Effectiveness of Programmes to Reduce School Bullying: A Systematic Review. Stockholm: Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention. Ttofi et al. identified the most effective elements of anti-bullying programmes as parent training, improved playground supervision, disciplinary methods, school conferences, information for parents, classroom rules, classroom management, and videos; Thompson, F. and Smith, P. K. (2011) The Use and Effectiveness of Anti-Bullying Strategies in Schools, DfE Research Brief DFE-RB098. London: Department for Education. Available at: https://www.education.gov.uk/ publications/eOrderingDownload/DFE-RB098.pdf Ð a survey of schools and local authorities in England. Practitioners rated proactive peer support and reactive anti-bullying school- based strategies as moderately effective. 12 World Health Organization (2010). World report on violence and health. WHO. 13 See, for example, www.promoteprevent.org/publications/ ebi-factsheets/promoting-alternative-thinking-strategies- paths 1 14 See, for example, www.promoteprevent.org/publications/ ebi-factsheets/second-step-violence-prevention-curriculum 15 Beelmann, A. and Lšsel, F. (2006) ÔThe effectiveness of programmes for the prevention of aggression, violence, delinquency and crime in childhood and adolescence: A critical overviewÕ, Zeitschrift fŸr Politische Psychologie, vol. 14, pp 313Ð330. Cited in World Health Organization (2009) Violence prevention: the evidence, WHO. Note that social skills training may be considered a type of cognitive behavioural therapy. 16 A classroom-based management strategy used by teachers to socialise young school-age children and reduce aggressive and disruptive behaviours. This has been extensively studied (for example, Barrish, H. H., Saunders, M. and Wolf, M. M. (1969) ÔGood behaviour game: effects of individual contingencies for group consequences on disruptive behaviour in a classroomÕ, Journal of Applied Behavioural Analysis, vol. 2 (2), pp 119Ð24. 17 This draws on the life story of Anne Frank and her diary to: challenge prejudice; reduce racial and ethnic hatred; encourage individuals to embrace democracy, positive attitudes and citizenship; and encourage respect for