cycle: all events and processes that relate to an AI systemÕs lifespan, from inception to decommissioning, including its design, research, training, development, deployment, integration, operation, maintenance, sale, use and governance. AI risks: The potential negative or harmful outcomes arising from the development or deployment of AI systems. Application Programming Interface (API): A set of rules and protocols that enables integration and communication between AI systems and other software applications. Capabilities: The range of tasks or functions that an AI system can perform and the proficiency with which it can perform them. Evaluations: systematic assessments of an AI systemÕs performance, capabilities, or safety features. These could include benchmarking. Foundation model: a type of AI model that is trained on a vast quantity of data and is adaptable for use on a wide range of tasks. Foundation models can be used as a base for building more specific AI models. Frontier AI: For the AI Safety Summit, we defined frontier AI as models that can perform a wide variety of tasks and match or exceed the capabilities present in todayÕs most advanced models. Input [to an AI system]: The data or prompt fed into an AI system, often some text or an image, which the AI system processes before producing an output. Large Language Models (LLMs): Machine learning models trained on large datasets that can recognise, understand, and generate text and other content. Prompt: an input to an AI system, often a text-based question or query, that the system processes before it produces a response. Segregated environments: Segregation is a process that separates critical environments and other less sensitive environments. Weights: parameters in a model are akin to adjustable dials in the algorithm, tweaked during training to help the model make accurate predictions or decisions based on input data, ensuring it learns from patterns and information it has seen before. Annex D: Call for views survey questionnaire Demographics Q1. Are you responding as an individual or on behalf of an organisation? Individual Organisation Q2. [if individual] Which of the following statements best describes you? Cyber security/IT professional Developer of AI components Software engineer Data scientist Data engineer Senior leader in a company Consumer expert Academic Interested member of the public Government official (including regulator) Other (please specify) Q3. [if organisation/business] Which of the following statements describes your organisation? Select all that apply. Organisation/Business that develops AI for internal use only Organisation/Business that develops AI for consumer and/or enterprise use Organisation/Business that does not develop AI, but has adopted AI Organisation/Business that plans to adopt AI in the future Organisation/Business that has no plans to adopt AI A cyber security provider An educational institution A consumer organisation A charity Government Other (please specify) Q4. [if organisation], What is the size of your organisation? Micro (fewer than 10 employees) Small (10-49 employees) Medium (50-499 employees) Large (500+ employees) Q5. [if individual], Where are you based? England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Europe (excluding England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland) North America South America Africa Asia