activity requirement; • curfew requirement. Before the court may make a supervision order, it must consider a report made by the YOT for this purpose and obtain and consider information about the respondentÕs family circumstances and the likely effect of such an order on those circumstances. Where a court imposes two or more requirements as part of a supervision order, it will be required to ensure that they are compatible. In any case, the court must consider whether any of the requirements interfere with the respondentÕs religious beliefs, normal hours of work or education. A supervision requirement will require the defaulter to attend appointments with a responsible officer of the YOT at a particular time and place, as specified. 46 Section 14(4A) of the Contempt of Court Act 1981 (as amended by the County Courts (Penalties for Contempt) Act 1983). 47 Or County Court where the original injunction was granted in the Youth Court and the respondent has since turned 18. 46 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing An activity requirement may be made requiring the defaulter to participate in a particular activity or residential activity for a specified number of days within the period of up to six months for which the order is made. The total number of days on which an activity requirement is ordered must not be fewer than 12 or more than 24. A residential activity requirement may last for a period of not more than seven days.48 The court will need to be satisfied that facilities for the activity are present in the relevant YOTÕs local area. A curfew requirement places an obligation on the defaulter to remain in a particular place for particular specified periods. Any curfew requirement must be for a daily period of not less than two hours and not more than eight hours on any given day. However, the order may specify different requirements of time or place for different days. Before specifying the place in which the curfew must be observed, the court must obtain and consider a report on the place proposed to be specified including information on the view of those persons likely to be affected by the enforced presence of the respondent. A supervision order which contains a curfew requirement may also contain an electronic monitoring requirement to enforce compliance with the terms of the curfew. Where such a requirement is included, the court will specify who is responsible for the monitoring the requirement. Where a supervision order contains only a curfew requirement with an electronic monitoring requirement, this will be the company which operates the electronic monitoring regime.49 Where a supervision order contains a curfew requirement in combination with any other requirement, this will be the responsible officer of the relevant YOT. In any case, the responsible officer must notify the terms of the curfew requirement to the respondent, the person responsible for the monitoring (if this is not himself) and any other person without whose co-operation it would not