of the Mental Health Act 1983; • otherwise have a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning; or • have a physical disability or are suffering from a physical disorder. You are also eligible for Enhanced Rights under this Code as an intimidated victim if the service provider considers that the quality of your evidence will be affected because of your fear of distress about testifying in court.18 When assessing whether a victim is intimidated, the service provider must consider: ? the behaviour towards the victim on the part of the suspect, members of their family or associates, or any other person who is likely to be a suspect or witness in the case; ? the victimÕs age; ? if relevant, the victimÕs social and cultural background, religious beliefs or political opinions, ethnic origin, domestic and employment circumstances; ? the nature and alleged circumstance of the offence to which the case relates (victims of a sexual offence or human trafficking will be considered to be intimidated); and ? any views expressed by the victim. 16 This is based on the criteria in section 16 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 for the court to determine eligibility for special measures. 17 For general Enhanced Rights under this Code. However, in order to be eligible for special measures under section 16 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999, you must be under 18 at the time of the hearing. 18 This is based on the eligibility criteria for special measures in section 17 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999. 1 Victims of the most serious crime You are eligible for Enhanced Rights under this Code as a victim of the most serious crime, if you are a close relative bereaved by a criminal offence, a victim of domestic abuse, hate crime, terrorism, sexual offences, human trafficking, modern slavery, attempted murder, kidnap, false imprisonment, arson with intent to endanger life and wounding or causing grievous bodily harm with intent. Additional Enhanced Rights that are available for bereaved close relatives are highlighted separately within each individual Right of this Code. Persistently targeted victims You are eligible for Enhanced Rights under this Code as a persistently targeted victim if you have been targeted repeatedly as a direct victim of crime over a period of time, particularly if you have been deliberately targeted or if you are a victim of a campaign of harassment or stalking. Right 1: To be able to understand and to be understood 1.1 You have the Right to be helped to understand what is happening and to be understood. In considering appropriate measures, service providers must consider any relevant personal characteristics which may affect your ability to understand and to be understood. All service providers must communicate in simple and accessible language and all translation or interpretation services must be offered free of charge to the victim. 1.2 If, due to the impact of the crime, you need assistance to understand or to