the best into the profession and giving them the right knowledge and skills for the challenging but hugely rewarding work ahead, and developing leaders equipped to nurture practice excellence; • practice and systems Ð creating the right environment for excellent practice and innovation to flourish, learning from the very best practice, and learning from when things go wrong; and • governance and accountability Ð making sure that what we are doing is working, and developing innovative new organisational models with the potential to radically improve services. 28. We are already taking steps to deliver improvements in safeguarding and child protection which we expect will bring real benefits to children. We also recognise that there are more steps we can take to enhance the likelihood of abuse and neglect being recognised and reported at an earlier point so that the appropriate action can be taken. 29. We will address directly the issues raised by the consultation through a combination of these ongoing reforms and the following programme of action. To ensure there is strong awareness of the risks and need to report abuse, we are: 30. Launching a further phase of our communications campaign, Together, we can tackle child abuse. The third phase of the campaign continues to raise awareness, improve understanding and normalise reporting behaviour in communities so that more children can be kept safe from harm. The campaign builds public understanding of how to interpret and act on concerns, educating individuals about the signs of abuse and neglect, and encouraging reporting. Through the campaign we will also engage with local authorities and practitioners in areas such as police, health and education, to reinforce existing professional duties to take action if they have concerns about a childÕs welfare, where reporting a concern is more important than protecting the reputation of an individual or organisation. 31. Making Relationships Education and Relationships and Sex Education (RSE) mandatory in all schools. Given the increasing concerns around child sexual abuse and exploitation and the growing risks associated with growing up in a digital world, there is a particularly compelling case to act so that children are better equipped to protect themselves. That is why we are legislating to make the subjects of Relationships Education mandatory in all primary schools and RSE mandatory in all secondary schools. Whilst we are clear that the most pressing safeguarding concerns relate to Relationships Education and RSE, it is evident 7 that wider concerns about child safety and wellbeing relate to the core knowledge these subjects can teach, such as understanding of the risks of drugs and alcohol, and safeguarding physical and mental health. We therefore think it is important that we have the ability to make Personal, Social, Health and Economic Education (PSHE) mandatory as well, subject to the outcome of thorough consideration of the subject. The Department for Education has conducted a thorough engagement process on the scope and content of Relationships Education and RSE, including further consideration of PSHE. This process involved engagement with stakeholders and