stage. This should include encouraging digital research, development and innovation infrastructure, software and tools to be open and standardised; providing access to large-scale compute and data resources tuned to AI applications; and supporting the development and deployment of Trusted Research Environments, which enables collaboration and data access across several organisations. While previous work around best practices in data management and use has been helpful in setting the direction of travel, there remains a gap between the aspirations set out in these principles and their implementation, creating an additional barrier to the development of effective data access frameworks. Further work is needed to build a common language amongst data practitioners, building understanding of the nature of the datasets being used and how best to manage them. In many cases, data can outlive the systems that collected it, and conscious investment in trustworthy systems that can outlive the lifecycle of 21 Guidance on AI and Data Protection, ICO (2020) 22 Privacy Enhancing Technologies, The Royal Society (March 2019) 17 22 AI ROADMAP our standard modes of data management will reap many benefits. The emergence of a small number of big players in several digital markets has sparked a timely debate on the proper role of government and regulators in preserving and enhancing competition across the digital economy. The role of data as a driver of concentration and potential barrier to entry for smaller firms has been a central theme of recent reviews.23 The government has also recognised the growing importance of data access and openness to promoting competition and innovation, having established a dedicated Digital Markets Unit to advise on the functions, processes and powers which may be needed to address the challenges posed by fast-moving digital markets.24 Whatever the governmentÕs final decision, clear and flexible regulation will be critical to supporting good data practices, and can help to level the playing field for new entrants into digital and data-driven markets. There remains much to be done in interpreting existing data rules to support research, development and innovation and well-resourced, independent regulators can assist in providing guidance. In addition to these systemic changes, the government might consider enhancing the nationsÕ approach to data governance: making sure data is collected, used and shared in responsible and trustworthy ways. Not appropriately addressing data governance frameworks would maintain a fundamental barrier to the adoption and diffusion of AI technologies and inhibit the quality of wider sources of data. We recommend a coalition of institutions and experts work together to develop standard data sharing agreements compliant with data protection and intellectual property law but providing practical exemplars, especially for business-to-business data sharing that could be adapted and adopted across the economy. Without a strong system of data governance, existing tenuous public trust in data use and sharing will persist, impairing the UKÕs long-term leadership ambitions. Public trust and good governance Threaded throughout discussions about AI is the need for adaptive and informed regulation and standards as part of an enabling environment of good governance, which includes