on the ILR Student Government Association. Henry is also the Director of Publications for the Scheinman Conflict Resolution Club. Rachel Baron Ô27, Associate Editor Rachel is a junior studying Government, with a minor in International Relations. She has been with CPGÕs Domestic Center since Fall 2023, and now serves as Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Domestic Policy. SheÕs interested in a wide range of policy topics, all centered around how domestic policy can affect human rights on a global scale. Beyond CPG, Rachel is an undergraduate scholar for the Institute of Policy and Global Affairs, an editor for the Cornell International Affairs Review, a brother of Phi Alpha Delta, and a sister in Delta Delta Delta. Austin Grattan Ô26, Associate Editor Austin is a junior studying Health Care Policy with a minor in LGBT Studies. He joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst in the Healthcare Center and now serves as Associate Editor in Chief. AustinÕs policy interests include health insurance access, medical education, social determinants of health, and LGBTQ+ health disparities. Outside of CPG, Austin is a member of Alpha Iota Gamma and is a TA for PUBPOL 1111. After graduation, Austin plans to pursue a PhD and eventually be a fellow at a think tank, work in the government, or enter academia. Isabela Wilson Ô26, Associate Editor Isabela is a junior pursuing a Bachelor of Arts in Government with minors in International Relations, Law & Society, and East Asian Studies with a focus on the Korean peninsula. She joined Cornell Policy Group in Fall 2023 as a Foreign Policy Analyst and currently serves as an Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Foreign Policy. Her policy interests include South Korean policy with focuses on immigration, education, and the Korean diaspora. Outside CPG, she is also involved in The Cornell International Affairs Review and Pi Lambda Sigma (POLIS). FALL 2024 CENTER DIRECTORS Elliot Serna Ô27, Center Director for Domestic Policy Elliott is a student at Cornell UniversityÕs Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy studying Public Policy with a minor in Urban and Regional Studies. Elliott serves as Center Director of CPGÕs Domestic Policy Center, supporting the CenterÕs work at the fore of all topics touching US domestic policy. Outside of CPG, Elliott is a student researcher working on housing policy research with the Brooks SchoolÕs Senior Associate Dean of Public Engagement, Dr. Jamila Michener, and economics replication work with CornellÕs Labor Dynamics Institute, with a particular research interest in community development and administrative reform. Rachel Baron Õ27, Assistant Center Director for Domestic Policy Rachel is a junior studying Government, with a minor in International Relations. She has been with CPGÕs Domestic Center since Fall 2023, and now serves as Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Domestic Policy. SheÕs interested in a wide range of policy topics, all centered around how domestic policy can affect human rights on a global scale. Beyond CPG, Rachel is an undergraduate scholar for the Institute of Policy and Global