as the chief officer thinks fit, a document containing the name and address of each police station in that area at which a person may give a notification under section 83(1), 84(1) or 85(1). (2B) A chief officer of police must keep under review a document published by the chief officer under this section and may from time to time publish a revised version of the document in such manner as the chief officer thinks fit.Ó 169 Offences outside the United Kingdom: notification requirements (1) The Sexual Offences Act 2003 is amended as follows. (2) After section 96 insertÑ ÒOffences outside the United Kingdom: notification requirements 96ZA Offences outside the United Kingdom: notification requirements (1) Where this section applies to a person (ÒPÓ), P is subject to the notification requirements of this Part for the notification period set out in section 82. This is subject to sections 96ZB (young offenders: parental notices) and 96ZC (modifications of notification requirements). (2) This section applies to P if P has been given a notice under subsection (3) and that notice has not been cancelled. (3) A constable may give a notice to P ifÑ (a) the conditions in subsections (6), (7) and (8) are met in respect of P, and (b) an officer of at least the rank of inspector has authorised the giving of the notice to P. (4) A notice given to P under subsection (3) must be given to P in person and must contain details ofÑ (a) the notifications that P is required to give under this Part, (b) when those notifications must be given, and (c) where those notifications may be given. (a) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 193 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) A notice given under subsection (3) may be cancelled by a constable giving notice in writing to P in person but such a cancellation must be authorised by an officer of at least the rank of inspector. (6) The first condition is that under the law in force in a country outside the United KingdomÑ (a) P has been convicted of a relevant offence (whether or not P has been punished for it), (b) a court exercising jurisdiction under that law has made in respect of a relevant offence a finding equivalent to a finding that P is not guilty by reason of insanity, (c) such a court has made in respect of a relevant offence a finding equivalent to a finding that