(2) In subsection (1)(a), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. (3) In subsection (3), for paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(a) such persons as appear to the Commission to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (aa) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (ab) the Common Council;Ó. 288 In section 23 (regulations), in subsection (2)(n), for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. 316 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 289 In section 24 (consultation on regulations), for paragraph (b) substituteÑ Ò(b) such persons as appear to the Secretary of State to represent the views of police and crime commissioners; (ba) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (bb) the Common Council;Ó. 290 (1) Section 26 (forces maintained otherwise than by police authorities) is amended in accordance with this paragraph. (2) In the title, for Òpolice authoritiesÓ substitute Ò local policing bodies Ó. (3) In subsections (1)(b) and (2), for Òpolice authorityÓ substitute Ò local policing body Ó. 291 In section 29 (interpretation of Part 2), in subsection (1)Ñ (a) in the definition of Òappropriate authorityÓÑ (i) in paragraph (a)(i), for Òa senior officer, the police authorityÓ substitute Ò the chief officer or an acting chief officer, the local policing body Ó; (ii) in paragraph (a)(ii), for Òa senior officerÓ substitute Ò the chief officer or an acting chief officer Ó; (iii) in paragraph (b)(i), for Òa senior officer, the police authorityÓ substitute Ò the chief officer or an acting chief officer, the local policing body Ó; (iv) in paragraph (b)(ii), for Òa senior officerÓ substitute Ò the chief officer or an acting chief officer Ó; (v) after paragraph (b)(ii) insertÑ Ò and, for the purposes of this definition, Òacting chief officerÓ means a person exercising or performing functions of a chief constable in accordance with section 41 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011; a person exercising powers or duties of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis in accordance with section 44 or 45(4) of that Act; or a person exercising duties of the Commissioner of Police for the City of London in accordance with section 25 of the City of London Police Act 1839; Ó; (b) in the definition of Òrelevant forceÓ, for paragraph (a) substituteÑ Ò(a) if that authority is a local policing body, the police force which the body is responsible for maintaining; andÓ; (c) omit the definition of Òsenior officerÓ. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 16 Ð Police reform: minor and consequential amendments Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform