An air rifle with a muzzle energy in excess of 12 foot-pounds must be held on a firearm certificate. Any short air weapons (which either have a barrel less than 30cm in length or are less than 60cm in length overall), with a muzzle energy in excess of 6 foot-pounds are prohibited firearms. 2.51 If there is doubt about a particular air weapon, police forces should seek advice from forensic science service providers. It should be noted that the firing capabilities have been found to differ between particular weapons of the same model. It should not be automatically assumed that all specimens of a particular model of air gun produce exactly the same muzzle energy, particularly if its published power level approaches the 6 foot-pounds or 12 foot-pounds levels, as appropriate to its type. Testing of air weapons for the purposes of determining their status under the current legislation should only be carried out under strictly controlled circumstances. Forensic science service providers can offer help and advice. 2.52 By virtue of section 48 of the 1997 Act, firearms using compressed carbon dioxide as the power source are treated as air weapons and, if not regarded as Ôspecially dangerousÕ (over 6 foot-pounds in the case of a pistol or 12 foot-pounds in the case of other air guns and air rifles) are thus exempt from the firearm certificate procedure. Firearms using other gases are not so exempt. 2.53 It should be noted that the majority but by no means all guns powered by carbon dioxide which discharge paint pellets and which are used in adventure games are unlikely to cause serious injury, nor were they designed as ÔweaponsÕ. As such, they should not be considered to be firearms. 2.54 Ammunition for air weapons and other weapons using compressed gas is exempt from the certification procedure. 2.55 The 1969 Rules do not apply to an air weapon designed for use only when submerged in water, such as harpoon guns. Air weapons in Scotland 2.56 Section B4 of Part 2 of Schedule 5 to the Scotland Act 1998 reserves the subject matter of the Firearms Acts 1968 to 1997. Section 10 of the Scotland Act 2012 amends section B4 to create an exception to that reservation. The amendment gives legislative competence to the Scottish Parliament in relation to the regulation of air weapons within the meaning of section 1(3)(b) of the Firearms Act 1968 (air 16 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law weapons not declared specially dangerous by rules made by the Secretary of State under section 53 of the 1968 Act). Section 2 of the Air Weapons and Licensing (Scotland) Act 2015 makes it an offence for a person to use, possess, purchase or acquire an air weapon in Scotland without holding an air weapon certificate issued by Police Scotland. For more detailed information about air weapons laws in Scotland please refer to the guidance issued by the Scottish Government: Air weapon licensing in Scotland: guide. Shot gun cartridges 2.57 A shot gun