best to communicate about risks to the public without causing disproportionate concern, and Category 1 responders should be familiar with this. Public warning / alerting at the time of an emergency or when one is likely to occur 7.42. An alert or warning needs to reach as many people as possible and as quickly as possible. Key communications objectives in an emergency response are to deliver accurate, clear and timely information and advice to the public so they feel confident, safe and well informed. Arrangements should be sufficiently flexible and extendable to address any escalation of events. Responders should alert the members of a community whose immediate safety is at risk by all appropriate means, and be mindful of using a variety of available channels and existing community resilience networks to reach community groups and vulnerable people. 7.1. Recent examples of research that considered risk perception include: o Plymouth University Òfactors influencing risk perception, information spread and reliabilityÓ. The research sought to improve understanding of the psychological and behavioural reactions that the UK public might display following a CBRN related incident. It considered the need to design clear, comprehensible messages that meet the publicÕs information needs and whether these messages altered behavioural intentions. There was a need to use emergency communications to correct erroneous beliefs. The research developed evidence based guidelines for design of emergency communication based on literature review and research. o KingsÕ College London noted that the management of incidents involving CBRN risk is often complicated when members of the public adopt unexpected behaviours or display levels of fear that seem disproportionate to the level of threat that is involved. One of the key messages from this research was that the drive to maintain family contact is strong. Therefore emergency planners need to facilitate communication following an incident Ð prioritise information / advice about schools and reassure parents that schools have emergency plans. Preparation goes up at times of threat so remind the public of what preparations would be most effective. Speed 7.43. Responders should issue an early warning or alert of an incident as quickly as possible to help to save and/or protect lives. The initial alert may be hampered by the possible lack of information; therefore the warning/alert will be restricted to a very basic message or sound such as a siren or evacuation notification. As the incident unfolds, more detail can be given in warning messages. 7.1. Figure 7.2 Amount of information Number of people to reach Informing and advising 7.44. Responders need to provide relevant and timely information about the nature of the unfolding event and this should continue throughout the event. The demand for more and more information will increase, and the advice given will become more specific. Information should include an explanation of the immediate actions being taken by responders to minimise the risk to human or animal health and welfare, the environment or property; actions being taken by responders to assist the recovery phase, as well as the actions the public