previous Harassment Information Notices (HINÕs), civil and restraining orders and conditions, child protection issues etc. • Inform the Duty Inspector and Public Protection Department (PPD) as soon as possible if the risk to a victim is high. In the event that the incident is a threat to the organisation (e.g. stranger abuse of someone in the public eye) the duty Superintendent should be alerted immediately. • Where a suspect is known, make sure all relevant checks are carried out. • All storm logs related to stalking and harassment must be closed for RMS. 5.3 Public Enquiry Counter Staff You should: • Offer the complainant the opportunity to speak in private. • Comply with Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure, where it is a domestic related incident. • • Consider whether others are at risk, e.g. children or other vulnerable people. • Inform the Control Room so an incident log can be created and allocated accordingly. • Make an accurate record of the information or incident reported. 5.4 Attending Officer You must carry out the actions listed below: • Assess the safety of the victim and others, including the officer(s). • Reassure the victim that as an organisation we recognise how serious stalking and harassment is and what a detrimental impact it has on its victims. They have the fundamental right to be believed and we will protect them. • If it is a domestic abuse related incident, follow the guidelines within the Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure. • Identify the suspect and, if appropriate, circulate a description of them and any vehicle. • Establish who was and is at the scene including any children and potential witnesses and perpetrators. • Conduct enquires with neighbours and potential witnesses, especially where a victim has been subject to periods of observation by the suspect outside their workplace or other place. • Make accurate records of anything said by the suspect, victim, and any witnesses, including children. • Record the demeanour of all persons present, including children. • Obtain statements where required from witnesses. • Request relevant checks on the address, suspect etc. • Consider medical consent where there has been physical abuse, psychiatric harm etc. • Consider taking photos to record evidence. • Request crime scene examination where appropriate, manage the scene and preserve any evidence including any communication received from the suspect e.g. letters, electronic communication. • Carry out a thorough risk assessment process with victims (PPNs or Form 270). • Manage the risk to the victim by considering available options, e.g. home security and referring to appropriate organisations. Safeguarding must be completed with all victims before you leave the scene. • Secure the safety of victims and children within their own home. If this is not possible, consider taking them to another place of safety, e.g. the home of a relative or a refuge. • Consider the needs of victims who may be particularly vulnerable to harassment e.g. geographically isolated, mental ill health or physical disability, member of a minority community or