flagged in accordance with force procedures; • create a crime report/non-crime related occurrence to record the report/referral; • inform their supervisor, who must be at least the rank of inspector (notify a superintendent if further strategic support is required and in accordance with local Force instructions); • all officers and staff must consider whether this could be a critical incident and deal with the matter accordingly; • consider ÔGolden HourÕ principles in relation to evidence gathering; and • consider risk to other children and women in the family. Next steps when a girl may be at risk of FGM Depending on the circumstances of the case, FGM-related referrals may lead to a strategy meeting with the police, local authority childrenÕs social care, health professionals (school nurse, health visitor, or community/hospital paediatrician as appropriate) and the referrer (e.g. school). Such a meeting should take place as soon as practicable (and in any case within two working days). Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 57 Police: Additional Considerations Officers should consider the use of police protection powers under section 46 of the Children Act 1989 and remove the girl to a place of safety (see Section E.1). In addition, police and local authority childrenÕs social care should consider the use of an FGM Protection Order (see Chapter 3.3), and/or other protective order as appropriate. The welfare of other children within the family, in particular (but not exclusively) female siblings, should be reviewed. The investigation should be the subject of regular ongoing multi-agency reviews to discuss the outcome and any further protective steps that need to be taken with regard to that girl and any other siblings. Officers must not let fears of being branded ÔracistÕ or insensitive to cultural traditions weaken their investigative strategy or decision(s) to arrest suspects. Investigation must be robust and follow national and local guidance for safeguarding and child abuse investigations. In addition officers should be culturally aware and have an understanding of the people they are dealing with as part of any investigation. Initial steps when a girl is thought/known to have had FGM If any police officer or police staff is made aware that a girl has already undergone FGM, the duty inspector must be made aware and an immediate referral should be made to their local child abuse special team. If this is outside their core hours, the duty inspector (or on-call senior investigating officer) must manage the initial phase of the investigation and ensure that effective protection measures are put in place. The specialist team will in turn make an immediate referral to the relevant local authorityÕs childrenÕs social care team. Officers should carry out the following actions: • complete appropriate checks, e.g. PND, PNC, ChildrenÕs Social Care; • submit an appropriate intelligence log; • complete relevant risk assessment and management plans (as per Force Policy); • refer to local authority childrenÕs social care (unless they were the referrer). • complete a crime report, ensuring that the incident is flagged in accordance