(1). An application under this section must not be entertained unless it is made before the end of the period of three months beginning with the day the closure order ceases to have effect. An application under this section must be served on— the police authority for the area in which the premises are situated, if the application is made by the local authority, the local authority, if the application is made by a police authority, and the owner of the premises. In the application of this section to Northern Ireland references to the police authority are to be read as references to the Northern Ireland Policing Board. Exemption from liability for certain damages 136N(1) A constable is not liable for relevant damages in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by the constable in the performance or purported performance of the constable's functions under this Part. A chief officer of police who has direction or control of a constable is not liable for relevant damages in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by the constable in the performance or purported performance of the constable's functions under this Part. An authorised person is not liable for relevant damages in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by the authorised person in the performance or purported performance of the authorised person's functions under this Part. No person is vicariously liable for anything done or omitted to be done by an authorised person as mentioned in subsection (3). Subsections (1) to (4) do not apply— if the act or omission is shown to have been in bad faith; so as to prevent an award of damages made in respect of an act or omission on the ground that the act or omission was unlawful by virtue of section 6(1) of the Human Rights Act 1998. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 2 – Closure orders Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 159 This section does not affect any other exemption from liability for damages (whether at common law or otherwise). In this section— “authorised person” has the same meaning as in section 136F; “relevant damages” means damages in proceedings for judicial review or for the tort of negligence or misfeasance in public office. In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, the reference in subsection (2) to the chief officer of police is to be read as a reference to the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland. Compensation 136O(1) A person who claims to have incurred financial loss in