Strategy 2018 - 2021 Crimes or ASB against Vulnerable Adults Procedure Grading and Deployment Policy and Procedure Stalking and Harassment Policy and Procedure Vulnerability Strategy National Policing Hate Crime Strategy (see APP Hate Crime) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Major Investigation and Public Protection > Hate Crime [under development] Critical Incident Management > Introduction and types of critical incidents > Phase 2 - managing critical incidents Public order > Core principles and legislation Investigation > Working with victims and witnesses DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy and procedure will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has been assessed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW An Equality Impact Assessment has been completed and the policy will be continually monitored for adverse impact upon any group. The outcome of this monitoring will inform review of the policy which will take place bi-annually. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of Crime Standards & Justice and the Equality Diversity and Inclusion Lead are responsible for this policy and procedure. All queries relating to this policy and procedure should be directed to them. PROCEDURE INTRODUCTION This document provides guidance on the procedures that Wiltshire Police will adopt when a Hate Crime or a Hate Incident is reported to or identified by staff. It should be read in conjunction with the policy section. It is important to note that the information contained below is not exhaustive and differing situations may dictate different or more unusual lines of enquiry. This policy is about protecting our staff and also the public, and as such will inform our internal and external processes. Those incidents that occur within the organisation must be treated as seriously as those in the public. DEFINITIONS Hate Incidents and crimes are defined in the College of Policing Authorised Professional Practice Guidance on Hate Crime as: Hate Incident Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personﾃ不 race or perceived race, or Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personﾃ不 religion or perceived religion or Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personﾃ不 sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation or Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice based on a personﾃ不 disability or perceived disability or Any non-crime incident which is perceived, by the victim or any other person, to be motivated by a hostility or prejudice against a person who is transgender or perceived to be transgender. Hate Crime A hate crime is any criminal