culture of meaningful partnership through the creation of operating manuals, joint protocols, agreed assessment procedures, joint induction and training programmes and common monitoring and evaluation processes. All multi-agency partners are clear about the role, responsibility, authority, and accountability of the multi-agency Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance safeguarding team coordinator/manager; there is a clear, multi-agency safeguarding escalation process for any concerns. Share information in a way that is timely, proportionate, legal, and safe. A protocol will be in place between agencies to govern this information sharing process and be the subject of annual review. All IT and use of that IT will be compliant with data protection legislation. The multi-agency safeguarding team will have developed and published a data protection impact assessment (DPIA). A DPIA must be in place where a proposed data share is high risk or concerns sensitive data. Further Guidance can be found here; ICO Data protection impact assessments. Provide accurate data including designing out duplication of cases where feasible and understanding the service pathway being undertaken by victims of domestic abuse. Participation as active and joined-up partners In addition to having a common strategic focus, multi-agency partnerships should also ensure the right people and organisations are at meetings and that a whole family approach is taken to ensure meaningful work is achieved. Agencies should: Engage the core agencies whose collaborative working will be needed to improve outcomes for victims, including children. This is likely to include the police, probation, children’s services, health (physical and mental), housing, specialist domestic abuse services, education, adult safeguarding services, drugs, and alcohol support and Cafcass (Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service). This could also involve undergoing training in other safeguarding procedures to maintain a full understanding of how different harms and vulnerabilities intersect with one another. Seek to undergo training in other safeguarding procedures to maintain a full understanding of how different harms and vulnerabilities intersect with one another. Good practice might consist of teams undertaking training in one another’s safeguarding procedures, to improve the response and support given to victims. Demonstrate both in policy and practice that agencies consider the safeguarding need of all family members, i.e. that those agencies primarily charged with child safeguarding are considering the safety and wellbeing of the non-abusive parent and other family members, and the agencies primarily charged with safeguarding adults will also consider the support needs of the child(ren). Specialist skills Invite a specialist domestic abuse service to be embedded within the team. The specialist should have skills and experience in identifying the individual Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance circumstances of risk and need someone might be facing. This should include professional expertise on supporting children experiencing or perpetrating domestic abuse, including in a family setting or in their own intimate relationships. Professionals from that service should be treated as having parity of status with statutory bodies in the multi-agency safeguarding team (they should, for example, be included in all relevant meetings, be part of information sharing agreements, have good