repeatedly inputting incorrect or inaccurate data into Niche RMS and are, therefore, not compliant with the set of data quality standards detailed later in this document. If an officer/staff member begins to lapse in improvement after being removed from the below 6 month process, they will retrigger Step 1. Step 1 - Once a significant* amount of errors have been created within a single month, the Data Quality team will email the officer/staff and include their first line Supervisor with advice, guidance and the offer of one to one training relating to that specific type of error. It is the personal responsibility of the officer/staff member to ensure that any advice, guidance or training offered is undertaken. *Significant errors include 10 or more ÔOtherÕ errors, 5 or more duplicate records of any type or 1 ÔHigh ImpactÕ error. ÔHigh ImpactÕ errors will be reported to the individual as soon as they are found at any stage of this process so that they can be accurately corrected as a matter of priority. The review period for Step 1 will last for three months during which time officer/staff can engage with the Data Quality team who will provide guidance as appropriate. At the end of each review month error rates will be reported to Departmental SPOCÕs and officer/staff should approach their supervisor to request sight of this information. If required the Data Quality team can provide more detailed information. Table of Contents After the review period has been completed the Data Quality team will analyse the officer/staff members errors over the previous three months. This will take into account any and all error types, the number of errors created and also previous sanction history to identify whether enough improvement has been made for them to be removed from the sanctions process. If no significant improvement has been made and/or officer/staff failed to engage with the team during this time, they will progress to Step 2. Step 2 Ð If a second trigger* point is hit during the 1st review period, the Data Quality team will email the officer/staff member and include their first line Supervisor, specifiying the errors and offering further advice, guidance and one to one training. It will be the responsibility of the first line Supervisor and officer/staff member to ensure that any advice, guidance or training offered is undertaken. *The 2nd trigger point will be a continuation of the same errors initially made and/or the reporting of more serious errors based on the previous month/s. The review period for Step 2 will last for two months during which time officer/staff can engage with the Data Quality team who will provide guidance as appropriate. At the end of each review month error rates are reported to Departmental SPOCÕs and officer/staff should approach their supervisor to request sight of this information. If required the Data Quality team can provide more detailed information. After the review period has been completed the Data Quality team will analyse the officer/staff members errors over the