to the public: o a descriptive account of the business continuity plans they have in place for the purposes of reassuring the public; 24 s.2(1)(f) o information about the implications of emergencies for the continuity of a Category 1 responderÕs ordinary operations Ð e.g. possibility of service suspensions or adjustments. Proactively publishing this sort of information in advance of an emergency allows the public to think about their preparations. For example, parents might find it useful to know under which circumstances schools might be closed in the event of severe weather; o sources of information and advice about service continuity issues that the public could consult in the event of an emergency. 6.106. This communication can take place through a variety of means, including websites and other publications. This could also be achieved by integrating business continuity issues within mission statements, statements of service and other public information brochures, relating either to the organisation as a whole or to individual services. 6.107. Responders can get further guidance and support from the following website http:// shop.bsigroup.com/. In particular, the British Standard on business continuity, BS25999 parts 1 and 2, will be useful along with PB25666: Guidance on exercising and testing for continuity and contingency programmes. 6.108. The International Standards Organisation (ISO) are in the process of producing a requirements and guidance document on business continuity; ISO22301 and ISO22313. Publication of these two documents has not been agreed. Early indication is however that if published, there will be nothing substantially different to the British Standard BS 25999, parts 1 and 2. Therefore, alignment with the British Standard will not only provide a good basis for BCM but at this stage would also appear to align with the forthcoming international standards. 6.1. Annex 7 A: Communicating with the public: News Co-ordination Centre Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 7A.1. 7A.2. 7A.3. The scale and nature of any emergency will dictate the level of national involvement in the handling of it, particularly on the communications side. If ministerial involvement becomes necessary, then the News Co-ordination Centre (NCC) will be set up in Whitehall by information staff within Cabinet Office. The NCC will function alongside the government department leading the response1 and liaise closely with staff from the Central Office of Information News and Public Relations 2 at the scene of the emergency, if outside London. The NCC will help to co-ordinate the information activities of the various government departments and agencies involved, by pulling together briefing from the different expert bodies for ministers and ensuring that interview bids for ministers are handled appropriately. They will work closely with the national and international media and monitor the output of major broadcasters, in order to correct inaccuracies and spot subject areas where additional material would provide better balance in coverage. It can be up and running within 90 minutes and can operate 24 hours a day as required. The NCC will have responsibility both for meeting the needs of the news