risk order; (b) against the making of an interim sexual risk order; or (c) against the making of an order under section 122D, or the refusal to make such an order. (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Amendments of Parts 2 and 3 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 203 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) On any such appeal, the Crown Court may make such orders as may be necessary to give effect to its determination of the appeal, and may also make such incidental or consequential orders as appear to it to be just. (3) Any order made by the Crown Court on an appeal under subsection (1) (a) or (b) (other than an order directing that an application be re-heard by a magistrates' court) is for the purposes of section 122D(7) or 122E(5) (respectively) to be treated as if it were an order of the court from which the appeal was brought (and not an order of the Crown Court). Offence: breach of sexual risk order or interim sexual risk order etc 122H(1) A person who, without reasonable excuse, does anything that the person is prohibited from doing byÑ (a) a sexual risk order, (b) an interim sexual risk order, (c) a risk of sexual harm order, (d) an interim risk of sexual harm order, (e) an order under section 2 of the Protection of Children and Prevention of Sexual Offences (Scotland) Act 2005 (risk of sexual harm orders in Scotland), or (f) an order under section 5 of that Act (interim risk of sexual harm orders in Scotland), commits an offence. (2) A person commits an offence if, without reasonable excuse, the person fails to comply with a requirement imposed under section 122C(4). (3) A person guilty of an offence under this section is liableÑ (a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or a fine or both; (b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years. (4) Where a person is convicted of an offence under this section, it is not open to the court by or before which the person is convicted to make, in respect of the offence, an order for conditional discharge. Effect of conviction etc of an offence under section 122H etc 122(I1) This section applies to a person (Òthe defendantÓ) whoÑ (a) is convicted of an offence mentioned in subsection (2); (b) is found not guilty of such an offence by reason of insanity; (c) is found to be under