or revised, the group must give a copy of it to the manager of the aerodrome. The manager of the aerodrome must then give a copy of the report to each member of the security executive group for the aerodrome. If the Secretary of State at any time requests a copy of the risk report for an aerodrome, the manager of the aerodrome must give the Secretary of State a copy of the report (or, in the case of a report which has been revised, the report as so revised). In subsection (1), “the day by which the group is required to be established” means the day which is the relevant day in relation to the aerodrome for the purposes of section 24AL. 110 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 24AD Discharge of functions by risk advisory groups In exercising its functions, the risk advisory group for an aerodrome must have regard to— any directions given under section 12, 13, 13A or 14, any national threat assessment, and any guidance given by the Secretary of State which is relevant to the group's functions. A member of the risk advisory group may not disclose any information received by the member in the exercise of the member's functions under this Part except— for the purpose of any of those functions, or for any other purpose connected with the making of aerodrome security plans or their implementation. In this section, “national threat assessment” means any assessment issued by the Secretary of State of a threat to the aviation industry. Aerodrome security planning 24AE Aerodrome security plans There must be an aerodrome security plan in force in relation to an aerodrome at all times after the period of 9 months beginning with the day by which the security executive group for the aerodrome is required to be established. An aerodrome security plan is a plan which specifies— the security measures, if any, that each relevant person is to take in relation to the aerodrome during the period for which the plan is in force, and the arrangements for monitoring the implementation of those measures (“monitoring arrangements”). An aerodrome security plan may specify steps to be taken by a relevant person for the purposes of the monitoring arrangements (“monitoring steps”). The relevant persons are— the manager of the aerodrome, the chief officer of police for the relevant police area, any operator of an aircraft that takes off from, or lands at, the aerodrome, any person who is permitted to have access