and standards as part of an enabling environment of good governance, which includes public engagement, transparency measures and responsible research and innovation on the part of businesses through the lifecycle of AI operations. Achieving such a robust system of good governance is crucial to building the public trust and confidence in AI that will be essential to its uptake and long-term public acceptability. Recent events have demonstrated that public and private sector AI and algorithmic applications continue to be plagued by public scepticism and lack widespread legitimacy. Developing and deploying trustworthy AI will be dependent on the UK strengthening its governing environment in a manner that both provides guidance and confidence to businesses to innovate and adopt AI, and reassures the public that the use of AI is safe, secure, fair, ethical and duly overseen by independent entities. This is beginning to be addressed in the National Data Strategy,25 but further exploration and scrutiny of appropriate governance mechanisms, particularly concerning public sector adoption of AI, is overdue. We highlight one example in this section - a public interest data bill - that may serve as a method of increasing accountability through public engagement. It is clear that there remains a fundamental mismatch between the logic of the market and the logic of the law. Technology markets extract value from collective data while laws respond to individual opportunities and threats. This has a critical impact on the public acceptability of data as infrastructure - data supported by people, processes and technology - and will only worsen if it is not sufficiently addressed. One method that could begin to combine new forms of innovation and accountability is to involve the public in considering new ways to complement individual rights-based approaches such as consent. These would include new ways of ensuring public scrutiny of automated decision-making and the types of transparency that lead to accountability: revealing the purposes and training data behind algorithms, as well as looking at their impacts. They would include public engagement, including in algorithmic impact assessments. And they would look to ensure that existing regulations and regulatory bodies had not only the capacity, but also the capability to fully consider the implications of AI in areas such as labour, environmental, and criminal law. These three tenets: (1) clear transparency about automated decision making, (2) the right to give meaningful public input and (3) the ability to enforce sanctions could be encapsulated in a Public Interest Data Bill.26 Fundamental to the development of AI systems is access to data. The UKÕs response to the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted gaps in the UKÕs capabilities in this space, in particular around the governance of ÔhappenstanceÕ data, generated by individuals in the course of their daily activities.27 Trustworthy access to such data can help generate insights for public policy and research, enabling the government to better understand the impact of its policy interventions in rapidly-evolving circumstances. Their expertise in the collection and management of data means the Office for National Statistics is well-placed