44(1) and (4) of the Care Act 2014). (2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about the duty in section 24(1) not applying in the case of a death which may or must be investigated under arrangements made by NHS bodies with respect to deaths caused by persons who are receiving or have received any health services relating to mental health. (3) The duty in section 24(1) does not apply in relation to a death if regulations under section 135(4)(a) of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 (anaw 4) require a Safeguarding Board to undertake a review of the death. (4) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about the duty in section 24(1) not applying in the case of a death, caused by a person who is receiving or has received any health services relating to mental health, where there may be a review of, or investigation into, the provision of that health care under section 70 of the Health and Social Care (Community Health and Standards) Act 2003. 32 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 2 Ð Prevention, investigation and prosecution of crime CHAPTER 2 Ð Offensive weapons homicide reviews Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 27 Notification of Secretary of State (1) If a review partner becomes aware of qualifying circumstances in relation to a personÕs death, the review partner must notify the Secretary of State before the end of the notification period of one of the followingÑ (a) that the review partner is under a duty to arrange for there to be a review under section 24 of the personÕs death, (b) that the review partner is not under that duty in respect of the death, or (c) that the review partner has not been able to take a decision on the matter. (2) Subsection (1) does not apply if, when the review partner becomes aware of qualifying circumstances in relation to a personÕs death, the review partner is also aware that no duty in section 24(1) arises in respect of the death because of section 24(5) or 26. (3) If a review partner gives a notification under subsection (1)(c), the review partner must notify the Secretary of State of the review partnerÕs decision on the matter once it has been taken. (4) Where a review partnerÑ (a) notifies the Secretary of State that the review partner is under a duty to arrange a review under section 24 of a death, but (b) before the review starts to take place, decides that the