discipline. The specific vehicle for delivering moonshots is a ripe topic for discussion, but a forward-looking framework for research, development and innovation consisting of a series of labs, which conceive of and build fully engineered prototypes and platforms, could offer a flexible model of experimentation. These labs could generate vision-based sequences of projects around moonshot challenges and could serve those with an interest in working between industry, academia and the public sector. By providing significant signals about potential future developments, moonshots create space for informed public and business engagement with the emerging science and applications. Under these circumstances the science and technology is not simply communicated to; it is inspired by, and carried out with, individuals, communities and businesses. Such space enables all those involved to explore how AI interacts with people and what it means to create human-AI partnerships. In turn, the projects will help define responsible and ethical practices to meet societyÕs needs and aspirations for a technology that behaves as people and businesses hope and expect: safely, securely and reliably. 15 iHuman perspective: Neural interfaces, The Royal Society (September 2019) 16a The USÕ Advanced Research Project Agency (ARPA) is a model designed to concentrate funding around pivotal investments in breakthrough technologies, often for national security purposes. DARPA (for Defense) is the most well-known ARPA agency in the US and is credited with developing a number of disruptive technologies such as stealth technology, the foundations of the Internet, and miniature GPS receivers. 14 AI ROADMAP AI to transform research, development and innovation Capitalising on the promise of AI will continue to require investment in basic research into the fundamentals of AI itself. Researchers, increasingly working across disciplines, will need to address some of the fundamental challenges that remain, such as establishing a common language through which to develop data science projects or interoperability between datasets, which can drive smart collaboration. AI systems often rely on a narrow disciplinary base, and this needs to be broadened to cover an array of domains in an intelligent way. AI technologies need to get better at extending into areas where they do not have structured data, and to navigate effectively through that. At the same time AI is transforming the nature of research itself, with examples in particle physics and bioinformatics.16b For the UK to retain its status as a global leader in research, it needs to stay well abreast of the potentially disruptive effects of AI and other forms of data science which are beginning to be incorporated into all forms of knowledge creation, including the social sciences and the humanities. Given the availability of massive data sets and computer power, such disruptions could range from game-changing increases in efficiency in routine tasks such as searching texts or large observational data sets, to entirely new forms of enquiry brought about by AIÕs ability to spot new patterns and prompt new questions and insights, often across existing disciplinary boundaries. 16b AlphaFold: a solution to a 50-year-old grand challenge in biology, DeepMind (November