or weapon illegally is either 4 years in prison, an unlimited fine or both. YouÕll get a prison sentence if youÕre convicted of carrying a knife or weapon illegally more than once. Related content Police powers to stop and search: your rights Basic laws on knives and weapons ItÕs illegal to use any knife or weapon in a threatening way. There are di?erent rules for shotguns and firearms. ItÕs also illegal to: carry most knives or any weapons in public without a Ôgood reasonÕ sell most knives or any weapons to anyone under the age of 18 The exception to these 2 rules are folding pocketknives that: have a cutting edge no longer than 3 inches are not lock knives (they do not have a button, spring or catch that you have to use to fold the knife) In Scotland, youÕre allowed to sell 16 and 17 year olds cutlery and kitchen knives. Good reasons for carrying a knife or weapon in public If the knife or weapon is not banned, some examples of Ôgood reasonsÕ include using it: for your work for religious reasons, such as the kirpan some Sikhs carry as part of any national costume A court will decide if youÕve got a good reason to carry a knife or a weapon if youÕre charged with carrying it illegally. If you want advice on what counts as a Ôgood reasonÕ, contact your local police or g et legal advice. Banned knives and weapons If a knife or weapon is listed in the following table, itÕs illegal to: possess it bring it into the UK sell or hire it out lend or give it to someone There are some legal exemptions. For example, knives and weapons which are over 100 years old are exempt, except for flick knives. If you want advice on exemptions, contact y our local police or g et legal advice. Knife or weapon type Description Baton A straight, side-handled or friction-lock truncheon. Belt buckle knife A buckle which incorporates or conceals a knife. Blowpipe or blow gun Butterfly knife or ÔbalisongÕ Cyclone or spiral knife A hollow tube out of which hard pellets or darts are shot by the use of breath. A blade enclosed by its handle. Designed to split down the middle to reveal the blade without using a spring or other mechanical means. A blade with a handle, a sharp point at the end and one or more cutting edges that each form a helix. Disguised knife A blade or sharp point hidden inside something that looks like a commonly carried everyday object. For example, a comb, brush, pen, cigarette lighter, key, lipstick or phone. Flick knife, gravity knife, ÔswitchbladeÕ or Ôautomatic knifeÕ A knife where the blade opens automatically or is released from the handle, either by gravity or by pressing a button or something else on the knife. Footclaw A bar of metal or other hard material worn strapped to the foot, from which a number of sharp spikes