length/complexity of cases. • HM Prison Service, Probation service, National Offender Management Service (NOMS) - there will be an impact on prisons and subsequently on probation from the longer custodial sentences available. Monetised and non-monetised costs and benefits of each option Option 1: Do nothing Jhere are no additional costs or benefits if there is no policy change. Option 2: Legislate Monetised costs There are no expected costs to business from this option. Proportionality We have estimated the costs of the policy assuming that each conviction results in a life seotenc.e. As it is difficult to estimate the volumes overall for the new aggravated offence, it is even more difficult to estimate the volumes for the different sub-sections of the offence. In addition, as we expect relatively few ¥ prosecutions, it could become a bit spurious to try and split out already minimal numbers for the volumes. Given that the impacts of this policy over a 10 year period are a maximum of £1million, it would be disproportionate to go in to further detail calculating the impacts. Taking this approach means the figures provided are overestimates of the true cost Training costs All police will need to familiarise themselves with the new regulations. The College of Policing ensures that all new legislation is incorporated into the National Policing Curriculum as matter of course, and falls within existing budgets. The additional cost of training for this policy is therefore expected to be negligible. ¥ Estimated CJS costs per case (court process) Apart from the impact on those prosecuted for the new offence, the main impacts would be: • the custodial sentences on the prison system and probation; and • the trial process on the Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunals Service (HMCTS), the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and the Legal Aid Agency (LAA) Any offences that fall within the scope of the new aggravated offence could already be prosecuted as the existing "section 3" offence (as well as, in some cases and depending on the precise circumstances, another more serious offence). However, as the new aggravated offence is considerably more serious than the existing offence we estimate below the cost of the new offence with reference to other grave offences. The table below presents estimated costs for HMCTS, CPS and LAA. Costs estimates provided are calculated on the basis of assumptions, which have associated risks and limitations. See Annex A for a full outline of the assumptions and associated risks. Estimated Costs per case (000s) CPS (including advocacy costs for homicide and related grave offences) £17.5 HMCTS £2.5 Legal Aid £52.6 - ITotal £731 Estimated CJS costs (disposals): We assume an average annual cost of £28,000 per prison place2 and of £2,600 for probation (for supervision on licence following release from custody). We also assume that all offenders prosecuted for the new offence receive the maximum custodial sentence. Where that is life imprisonment, we assume a tariff of 12 years, followed by another 12 years on post-release licence. We expect offenders who