maximum for the equivalent criminal offence in the community. Changes to the law 7. Section 78 of the Act creates a new offence1 where a person is in possession of a knife, or bladed or pointed weapon or other offensive weapon2 in prison without authorisation. The offence carries a four year maximum sentence on conviction on indictment or a fine or both. Alternatively, on summary conviction it carries a maximum six month prison sentence or a fine or both, to mirror the penalties for such offences committed within the community. 8. There are circumstances where it is necessary for persons in prison (including prisoners) to have legitimate possession of bladed or sharply pointed articles, particularly knives and other tools which may constitute offensive weapons in another context. Provision is made in the Prison Act to enable authorisations to be provided in such circumstances. Intended effects of the new offence 9. The main aim of the new offence is to address the disparity in the criminal law and to secure the ability to pursue criminal prosecution in the most serious cases of possession of weapons in prison. This will allow longer sentences for more serious offences, a greater deterrence effect against prisoners possessing weapons, and stronger public confidence in the fairness of the justice system. 10. Criminalisation will also ensure that more serious weapon possession offences are punished through the Criminal Justice System (CJS) rather than the adjudication system, which is sometimes less appropriate for punishing such cases. Punishing more serious incidents of weapon possession through the CJS will also ensure that these incidents appear on the offendersÕ criminal records, allowing the police to more adequately assess the risk of these offenders should they go on to re-offend. This information can also be used in any future sentencing decisions, where relevant. 1 Contained in new section 40CA of the Prison Act 1952 2 The term Òoffence weaponÓ is defined in section 1(9) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 as any article made or adapted for causing injury to persons or intended by the person having it with him for such use by him or some other person. 11. The new offence should also improve the safety of prison staff and prisoners by providing a deterrent effect, decreasing the incidence of weapons possession, and helping to protect potential victims of knife and other weapon crime in custody. Ministry of Justice March 2015 Serious Crime Act 2015 Fact sheet: Offence of throwing articles into prisons New Offence 1. Section 79 of the Serious Crime Act makes it a criminal offence to throw, or otherwise project, any article or substance (not already specified in the Prison Act 1952 or Prison Rules 1999) into a prison without authorisation. The new offence will apply to prison establishments within England and Wales only. 2. The new legislation will serve to criminalise the throwing into prisons of new psychoactive substances (NPS), more commonly but misleadingly known as Òlegal highsÓ, which are a significant problem within prisons.