which is to be or is specified in the order, and Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 175 in a case where the requirement or requirement as varied would involve the co-operation of a person other than the defaulter and the responsible officer, that person consents to its inclusion or variation. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (9) “ guardian ” has the same meaning as in the Children and Young Persons Act 1933 (subject to sub-paragraph (14)). If a local authority has parental responsibility for a defaulter who is in its care or provided with accommodation by it in the exercise of any social services functions, the reference to “guardian” in sub-paragraph (9) is to be read as a reference to that authority. In sub-paragraph (14)— “ parental responsibility ” has the same meaning as it has in the Children Act 1989 by virtue of section 3 of that Act; [F77(b) “ social services functions ” means— in relation to a local authority in England, its social services functions within the meaning of the Local Authority Social Services Act 1970; and in relation to a local authority in Wales, its social services functions for the purposes of the Social Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014 (anaw 4).] Curfew requirements (1) In this Schedule, “ curfew requirement ”, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter remain, for periods specified in the order, at a place so specified. A supervision order imposing a curfew requirement may specify different places or different periods for different days. The periods specified under sub-paragraph (1)— must be within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5); may not amount to less than two or more than eight hours in any day. Before specifying a place under sub-paragraph (1) in a supervision order, the court making the order must obtain and consider information about the place proposed to be specified in the order (including information as to the attitude of persons likely to be affected by the enforced presence there of the defaulter). Where a supervision order contains a curfew requirement, [F78a youth] court may, on the application of the injunction applicant or the defaulter amend the order by— substituting new periods for the periods specified in the order under this paragraph (subject to sub-paragraph (3)); or 176 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of