he refused to take her or she was late and, coupled with the time off she had when she’d been physically assaulted, this caused problems with her employer. Eventually they said that she had to leave as she was too unreliable to be part of the team. “This was my life, what I’d always wanted to do. And a break from everything back home. I was completely floored when I lost it all. Plus, it meant we couldn’t pay for the house or anything. My ex completely lost it when he realised what this meant.” Following a further attack where Susan was stabbed with a kitchen knife and feared for her life, she called the police. She then moved to a refuge. The statutory guidance on controlling or coercive behaviour, once updated, will provide greater detail on recognising this form of abuse. Harassment or Stalking Where harassment or stalking occurs, and the perpetrator and victim are 16 or over and “personally connected”, this behaviour falls within the scope of the statutory definition of domestic abuse in the 2021 Act. For example, it may constitute physical Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance abuse, threatening behaviour, controlling or coercive behaviour, or emotional or psychological abuse. There is no statutory definition of harassment but it includes repeated attempts to impose unwanted communications and contact upon a victim, in a manner that could be expected to cause distress or fear. It is generally acknowledged that harassment involves behaviour that is intended to cause a person alarm or distress or to cause them to fear violence when the perpetrator knows or ought to know that their conduct amounts to harassment. Where there is evidence to show that such conduct has occurred on more than one occasion, the perpetrator could be prosecuted under the Protection from Harassment Act 1997 (‘the 1997 Act’). The perpetrator’s behaviour may follow a pattern, such as sending messages which the recipient finds alarming or distressing, or which causes them to fear violence. Alternatively, the perpetrator’s behaviour may differ on each occasion, for example they could use a variety of means to harass the victim such as sending threatening messages (for example via text or social media) or emails, making abusive phone calls, damaging property or falsely reporting a person to the police when they have done nothing wrong. Similarly, there is no statutory definition of stalking. Examples of the type of behaviour considered in particular circumstances to be acts, or omissions, associated with stalking are set out in section 2A of the 1997 Act. This list is not exhaustive, nor does the offence require a personal connection, which means it is wider than, and differs from, domestic abuse: Following a person; Contacting, or attempting to contact, a person by any means; Publishing any statement or other material — relating or purporting to relate to a person, or purporting to originate from a person; Monitoring the use by a person of the internet, email or any other form of electronic communication; Loitering