known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The definition of Òpotentially affected personsÓ in subsection (2) applies to this subsection as if the reference there to Òthe proposed orderÓ were to Òthe orderÓ.Ó (6) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(3B) Where a local authority proposes to make an expedited order restricting the public right of way over a highway that is also within the area of another local authority it must, if it thinks appropriate to do so, consult that other authority before, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, making the order.Ó (7) In subsections (4), (5), (6), (7) and (8), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor expedited orderÓ. 10 In section 65 (categories of highway over which public right of way may not be restricted), in subsection (1), in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. 11 (1) Section 66 (challenging validity of orders) is amended as follows. (2) In subsections (1) and (6), after Òpublic spaces protection orderÓ, in each place it occurs, insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. (3) In subsection (7), in the words before paragraph (a)Ñ (a) after ÒorderÓ, in the first place it occurs, insert Òor an expedited orderÓ; (b) for Òa public spaces protectionÓ, in the second place it occurs, substitute Òsuch anÓ. 12 (1) Section 67 (offence of failing to comply with order) is amended as follows. (2) In subsections (1) and (4), after ÒorderÓ, in each place it occurs, insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. (3) In subsection (3), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor expedited orderÓ. 300 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 7 Ð Expedited public spaces protection orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 13 (1) Section 68 (fixed penalty notices) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1), at the end insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. (3) In subsection (3), at the end insert Òor expedited orderÓ. 14 In section 70 (byelaws), after Òprotection orderÓ insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. 15 (1) Section 71 (bodies other than local authorities with statutory functions in relation to land) is amended as follows. (2) In subsections (3) to (5), after Òpublic spaces protection orderÓ, in each place it occurs, insert Òor an expedited orderÓ. (3) In subsection (6)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), after ÒorderÓ insert Òor expedited orderÓ; (b) in paragraph (b)(i), after ÒorderÓ insert