AI ROADMAP UK AI COUNCIL | AI ROADMAP Executive summary 2 16 recommendations to help the government develop a UK National AI Strategy 4 Introduction 6 1. Research, Development and Innovation 10 The Alan Turing Institute: local presences and global reach 11 Challenge-led innovation 12 AI to transform research, development and innovation 14 2. Skills and Diversity 16 What everyone needs to know 16 Further, Higher and Graduate Education 17 Supporting every teacher 18 Lifelong learning and an online academy for AI 18 3. Data, Infrastructure and Public Trust 20 Trustworthy and accessible data 20 Public trust and good governance 22 Digital Twins and Living Labs 24 A globally leading role 25 4. National, Cross-sector Adoption 28 Business as smart adopters 28 Supporting high growth AI startups 29 Enabling public sector adoption 30 Health and social care 31 Climate change 32 Defence and security 33 Acknowledgements 36 Version 1( JA-B_DE) 2 AI ROADMAP 3 The UK will only feel the full benefits of AI if all parts of society have full confidence in the science and the technologies, and in the governance and Executive summary regulation that enable them A National AI Strategy is needed to prioritise and set a time frame that will position the UK for success As Artificial Intelligence (AI) becomes embedded in peopleÕs lives, the UK finds itself at a pivotal moment. Estimates show that AI could deliver a 10% increase in UK GDP in 2030.1 If approached correctly, this would offer huge benefits to the economy, to recovery and resilience, the environment and for people from all walks of life across all parts of the UK. This summary report by the AI Council sets out long- term ambitions and suggests near-term directions for all government departments, with the aim of cementing the UK as one of the very best places in the world to live with, work with and develop AI. The UK starts from a place of strength in research, enterprise and regulation, and with its history of recent support for AI it stands among the best in the world. The UK governmentÕs ambition should push for scale and reliability in areas of unique advantage. To be influential in attracting talent, shaping global markets and global governance we call on the government to build a UK National AI strategy that scales up its investment for a decade and beyond. This report has two underlying messages. The first is that we need to Òdouble downÓ on recent investment the UK has made in AI. The second message is that we must look to the horizon and be adaptable to disruption. Support for AI needs to reflect the rapid pace and evolution of the science & technology and its applications. This means staying at the forefront of the development of AI and integrating approaches to ethics, security and social impacts and planning for the next 10-50 years. The UK will only feel the full benefits of AI if all parts of society have full confidence in