least 5 days in advance of the Performance Review Meeting in order that they can have a proper opportunity to consider their response. In this situation, the Apprenticeship Consultant should be informed. 8.7 The Inspector will review the evidence submitted by the Sergeant in respect of a recommendation to dispense with the services of a Student Officer. The Student Officer has the right to be accompanied by a Police Federation representative or Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if the officer wishes. 8.8 At the end of the Performance Review Meeting there are three possible outcomes: a. No Further Action b. Formal Support Plan(s) with Reg 13 notice giving clear guidance on areas for improvement and what will be put in place to support this. c. Recommend the Student OfficerÕs services be dispensed with under Regulation 13 (exceptional circumstances at this stage) 8.9 Where all necessary informal support has been put in place and the requirements of support plans and/or Regulation 13 notices have not resulted in the required progress (or if there has in fact been a deterioration of performance), the Sergeant may inform the SO that they will be recommending their services be dispensed with under Regulation 13 and 1.1 the required notice under regulations (Regulation 13 Police Regulations 2003) shall be signed by the Inspector and served on the Student Officer and the Apprenticeship Consultant should be informed. 8.10 If the Sergeant considers at any time during the probationary period that a Student Officer is not fit physically or mentally to perform the duties of the office, or they are not likely to become an efficient or well-conducted Constable, they may recommend that the Chief Constable dispense with their services. The Student Officer will be served with a notice informing them of that possibility and be afforded the support of a Police Federation representative or Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if requested. 8.11 The Sergeant is responsible for ensuring the SOÕs progress towards the agreed support plan is formally documented and regularly discussed with the SO. Daily events sheets should be used to record the progress as these will be reviewed to assist in determining whether the SO has achieved the required standards of performance. Up to 3 reviews can be set with time for the student to develop (12-15 weeks between reviews). 8.12 The Inspector will review the evidence submitted by the Sergeant in respect of a recommendation to dispense with the services of a Student Officer and shall require that officer attend a 2nd Formal Performance Review meeting with them. The Student Officer has the right to be accompanied by a Police Federation representative or Police Officer ÔfriendÕ if the officer wishes. At this point, the Apprenticeship Consultant and HEI should be informed. 8.13 On appearing before their Inspector, the Student Officer may make their representations, after which the Inspector may decide to: a. Recommend the Student OfficerÕs services be dispensed with under Regulation 13, or b. Instruct a further Formal Support Plan is put in place providing clear detail