some of the perils of island life and of coastal climates. The checklists use specific examples of local industries. For instance, the section covering asset protection cites creel boats and lobster pots as key assets to protect. And the islandÕs unique logistical challenges are also explored, addressing the potential absence of the ferry service in times of severe weather and rough seas. For Ingrid, this practical, local focus, and the ability for users to dip in and out at their own pace, is key to overcoming business apathy when faced with generic BC information, or one-off seminars, ÒThe website is very practical, easy to work through, and means people can have a full contingency plan of their own within a matter of hours. ItÕs short, sharp and, above all, specifically relates to the businesses and challenges we have here on the islands.Ó After the initial start-up costs, the website has proved to be a cost-effective way for the Council to meet it business continuity responsibilities Ð a statutory duty of all local authorities. ÒRunning seminars can be quite expensive, especially if you donÕt get many people attending,Ó explained Ingrid. ÒNow the websiteÕs active, it is pretty much self-sustaining and wonÕt need much updating. WeÕre going to further address business continuity at the Shetland Business Gateway for new businesses, and weÕre also linking it to the Shetland Emergency Planning Forum Ð so it all forms part of a rolling programme.Ó Feedback has so far been excellent for the www.shetlandcontinuity.co.uk website. Since its launch in November 2010, take-up has exceeded expectations and many users have contacted the council requesting experts to come and talk to them about other benefits of emergency planning. For further details contact: Ingrid Gall Emergency Planning & Resilience Officer Emergency Planning & Resilience Service Chapter 9 London Revision to Emergency Preparedness Civil Contingencies Act Enhancement Programme March 2012 Chapter 9 (London) of Emergency Preparedness, Revised Version WHAT THE ACT AND THE REGULATIONS REQUIRE 9.1. In most respects, the frameworks and duties set out under the Act and the Regulations will apply to London in the same way that they apply everywhere else. In terms of the respective functions, Category 1 and 2 responders in London are no different from those in other parts of the country. However, London has particular patterns of public service provision and government which mean that some aspects of civil protection have to be organised differently. As London is the capital city, the effects of any incident can be felt right across the UK and potentially internationally. Local Resilience Forum in London 9.2. London has the same need as elsewhere for multi-agency co-operation at the local level. To achieve multi-agency co-operation at this level, the Regulations establish one pan-London LRF covering all of London1 , incorporating the Metropolitan Police and City of London Police areas. 9.3. The LRF will operate in much the same way as LRFs elsewhere, working to the model set out in Chapter 2. Borough Resilience Forums (BRF) 9.4. As elsewhere,