data. They can be contacted through ICT via HALO. Role Based Access and Training. Authorised users will only be granted access to ANPR data to an extent that is necessary and proportionate to their role. The ANPR Specialist will ensure that authorised personnel have completed all required training and are fully aware of the provisions within NASPLE. Authorised users will have individual access accounts and permissions. 2. Data Management. Data provision by non-LEA. For Data captured or gathered using shared collection equipment owned and managed by a non-LEA entity but received by NAS via Wiltshire Police then the Data Controller for Wiltshire Police will manage and process (including the provision of access and sharing) this data without seeking authorisation or approval from the Data Controller of the non-LEA entity. Compliance. If Wiltshire Police receives data from a non-LEA organisation for submission onto NAS, a written Data Processing agreement detailing the appropriate arrangements made to ensure compliance with NASPLE must be in place with the owner of the camera and any other components of ANPR infrastructure. Data Extraction from NAS Where Wiltshire Police accesses data within the NAC, the Chief Constable becomes controller for any data extracted from the NAC as a result of that access: Management of all data that is extracted must be in accordance with the provisions within NASPLE All reports or other documents that include data from NAC must be marked in accordance with the requirements of the Government Security Classifications Personal data must only be processed in accordance with Data Protection and other applicable Legislation ANPR Account Management Authorised users with approved access to NAC (as both a user and for administrative purposes) will be allocated a separate account. Each account must be used for its intended purpose. Accounts will be reviewed, suspended or terminated in the following circumstances: An account will be suspended if it is not accessed for a period of 90 days. The need for access will be reviewed within the subsequent 7 days. The account may then be reactivated or deleted as appropriate Access permissions will be reviewed within 7 days of a person changing role An account will be terminated within a maximum of 48 hours of a person leaving Wiltshire police This will be overseen by the ANPR Specialist. Records of Authorised Staff Wiltshire Police will maintain a list of authorised users and ensure that authorisation is revised or cancelled as appropriate when they change role or leave the organisation. This list will be maintained by the ANPR Specialist. Record Retention and Deletion ANPR READ records will be deleted 12 months after their initial capture unless retained under provisions of CPIA or RIPA. Records may also be retained for longer than 12 months following a review that identifies a continuing policing purpose for those items of data under provisions of MoPI. These records will be retained and managed in accordance with those provisions. This will be managed by the ANPR Specialist or the Decision Makers of the Records Management Department,