for certification testing can be assessed to multiple protection levels within and between protection categories. For example, a single body armour could be tested for multiple ballistic protection levels as well as knife and spike protection. 3.2.2. Types of armour For the purposes of this standard, body armour has been classified into the following groups. Unformed armour: Flat protective panels, typically designed for male end-users. If these unformed panels are intended for female wearers, they shall be tested in accordance with formed armour test methods outlined in Sections 6.6 and Section 7.8. Formed armour: Protective panels which are not flat and shaped to conform to the wearer, of particular relevance in female armour. Formed armour submitted for testing must have equivalent unformed armour of the same construction, tested in accordance with the unformed ballistic (Section 6.5.) and stab methods (Section 7.7), as applicable. If there is no equivalent certified unformed armour, this can be achieved: • if the formed front panel is of exactly the same material lay-up and construction (excluding any methods used for shaping2) as the unformed armour model, it shall be associated with a rear panel of that model; • if the formed front panel is a soft armour and of a unique construction, unformed armour panels shall be purpose made and supplied to enable certification testing of the construction to be completed. Such panels shall be of equivalent sizing to the formed armour submitted for testing. The unformed panels assessed in this instance are referred to as ÔassociatedÕ panels. When certified, a formed front panel may be supplied with any rear panel from the same manufacturer that is of the same protection level(s). Plates: Hard armour designed to protect against specific test rounds, typically rifle and shotgun. Either considered standalone or in conjunction with a specified (formed or unformed) certified backing armour. Extended coverage panels: Additional panels designed to offer protection outside of the main torso region. For example, shoulder, groin or neck guards. Extended coverage panels shall either be of the same construction as certified unformed armour or the manufacturer shall supply associated unformed panels of the same construction for assessment in accordance with unformed ballistic (Section 6.5) and stab methods (Section 7.7), as applicable. If extended coverage panels do not meet minimum performance requirements, this does not affect the equivalent certified unformed armour. 2 No additional material shall be added. 3.2.3. Scalable solutions Scalable solutions refer to the combination of more than one protective panel to achieve an enhanced level of protection. This is permissible within the standard, provided that the scalable solution is: • assessed as individual panels prior to combining; • assessed together in all certification tests; • sold in the configuration tested with explicit guidance for the user on its composite construction and wear instructions; • re-submitted for certification when any modification is made to the certified scalable solution. 3.3. Sizing, coverage, covers and carriers 3.3.1. Sizing The armour shall be available in a range of sizes to ensure a close