officials accountable to human rights. Implementation Implementing reforms to the National Guard will require deputies from different parties not affiliated with Sigamos Haciendo Historia, such as V’ctor Manuel PŽrez D’az of the National Action Party and Laura Hern‡ndez Garc’a of the CitizensÕ Movement, to begin lobbying support in MexicoÕs lower house. During the September general Chamber of Deputies session that put the National Guard under military oversight, PŽrez D’az voiced his opinion against the reform, citing that when the military assumes civilian functions, they violate rights and increase repression.8 Much like PŽrez D’az, Hern‡ndez Garc’a stated that in regards to the National Guard, the Mexican government neither has the capacity nor will to create a civil authority with the ability to address MexicoÕs security problems Although the militarization reform did pass, PŽrez D’az and Hern‡ndez Garc’a can mobilize their respective parties to push for accountability reforms, such as those that IACHR has recommended, in a completely new multipartisan effort to increase the likelihood of building future support for reforms when SheinbaumÕs term is up in 2030. Having deputies from multiple parties lobbying for accountability reforms is the first step to making the National Guard accountable. Building on the Chamber of DeputiesÕ work, MexicoÕs senators also not aligned with Sigamos Haciendo Historia, such as Senator Cristina Ru’z Sandoval of MexicoÕs Institutional Revolutionary Party, should pressure Sheinbaum directly to implement accountability measures. Like her deputy counterparts, Sandoval opposed militarizing the National Guard, stating that Mexico will risk international sanctions by permanently militarizing its armed forces without adhering to the IACHR ruling that the use of armed forces in public security must be exceptional and temporary.9 Given that Sandoval is on the Senate Human Rights Commission, she is best suited to gather support from like-minded senators and lobby Sheinbaum to implement IACHR reforms. Gathering Senate support to convince the president to implement IACHR reforms remains key to improving accountability in the National Guard. Given MexicoÕs failure to fully enforce accountability within its National Guard, SheinbaumÕs unwavering support of militarization, and a unified government dominated by SheinbaumÕs party, MORENA, Mexican legislators should not lobby for accountability reforms in the National Guard during the next six years of SheinbaumÕs presidency. On November 11, 2024, MexicoÕs Senate approved SheinbaumÕs constitutional reform to empower MexicoÕs Secretariat of Security and Citizen Protection (SSPC).10 Approving this reform expands powers of criminal investigation oversight to the SSPC and National Guard.10 SheinbaumÕs reform likely allows the National Guard to continue denying human rights violations, obstructing the IACHRÕs call for independent accountability mechanisms in public security operations. Despite the need for reform to ensure the National Guard upholds human rights, the current governmentÕs support for militarization suggests that efforts to push for accountability reforms will likely yield minimal substantive progress. To increase the chance of success, legislators should wait until this sexenio (the six-year single term a Mexican president serves) expires and begin to lobby members today to hold the National Guard accountable. Works Cited [1] H.Escamilla-Hamm , Patricia. ÒThe Guardia Nacional