budgeting, credit scores, and savings. • Implementing this course would likely improve studentsÕ financial behaviors, leading to better debt management, higher credit scores, and enhanced overall life satisfaction, as demonstrated by successful programs in other states. Implementation In 2023, the NYS Senate introduced Bill S4860A to the State SenateÕs Education Committee.16 This bill requires a stand-alone financial literacy course as a graduation requirement, mirroring the policy proposed above. State Senator Leroy Comrie sponsored the bill alongside eleven cosponsors, including two Republicans, indicating some bipartisan support. Although this seems like promising news, a version of this bill has been introduced in every legislative cycle for the past fifteen years. The bill has never managed to make it to the floor for a vote, likely due to a lack of political priority and sufficient advocacy. Therefore, more must be done to grow appeal among lawmakers and the public. Financial education experts should back the proposal to help it gain support and reach the floor for a vote. Experts should work with school administrators, lawmakers, and other key stakeholders to form a comprehensive curriculum that covers crucial topics including budgeting, investing, saving, and credit. These experts could be compensated for their work designing the bill by nonprofit organizations focused on financial literacy, corporate sponsors with a vested interest in the billÕs passing, or it could be conducted as pro bono work. A key stakeholder that is often overlooked are students, who can help the effort by demonstrating their interest for financial literacy in their schooling.17 State Senator Leroy Comrie should incorporate students into a social media campaign advocating for the bill, growing public attention while connecting with a large younger audience. Testimonials from students who would welcome financial literacy education could be used to raise awareness and motivate the public. After the New York State legislature passes the bill, it is important that it is implemented in a timely manner. Teachers should be required to attend professional development meetings with financial education experts who are well-versed in the curriculum to ensure the class is taught effectively. Once the policy is implemented, schools should monitor and evaluate the policyÕs success. Student and teacher concerns should be addressed on a school-by-school basis through administrative avenues. Researchers will assess the policyÕs efficacy by studying whether young New Yorkers are making better financial decisions after 10 years, measuring metrics including higher credit scores and lower loan delinquency rates. Despite the potential for strong support, several obstacles must be addressed. Budget constraints may raise concerns about the costs associated with curriculum development and teacher training. To address this, NYS should partner with local financial institutions that are interested in helping the community. These institutions have incentive to aid financial literacy among students, and could help mitigate costs with funding and curriculum planning support.17 However, even without these measures, no changes to the education budget would be necessary due to the policyÕs low price, as there are minimal costs associated with curriculum design and a short training session.18 Additionally,