of that matter; it appears to that constable that that person is or may be incapable (whether or not he has purported to do so) of giving a valid consent to the taking of a specimen of blood; and it appears to that constable that that person’s incapacity is attributable to medical reasons. A request under this section— shall not be made to a medical practitioner who for the time being has any responsibility (apart from the request) for the clinical care of the person concerned; and shall not be made to a medical practitioner other than a police medical practitioner unless— it is not reasonably practicable for the request to made to a police medical practitioner; or it is not reasonably practicable for such a medical practitioner (assuming him to be willing to do so) to take the specimen. It shall be lawful for a medical practitioner to whom a request is made under this section, if he thinks fit— to take a specimen of blood from the person concerned irrespective of whether that person consents; and to provide the sample to a constable. If a specimen is taken in pursuance of a request under this section, the specimen shall not be subjected to a laboratory test unless the person from whom it was taken— has been informed that it was taken; and has been required by a constable to give his permission for a laboratory test of the specimen; and has given his permission. A constable must, on requiring a person to give his permission for the purposes of this section for a laboratory test of a specimen, warn that person that a failure to give the permission may render him liable to prosecution. A person who, without reasonable excuse, fails to give his permission for a laboratory test of a specimen of blood taken from him under this section is guilty of an offence. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 2 – Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 115 In this section “police medical practitioner” means a medical practitioner who is engaged under any agreement to provide medical services for purposes connected with the activities of a police force.” In section 9 of that Act (protection of hospital patients), for subsection (2) there shall be substituted— “(1A) While a person is at a hospital as a patient, no specimen of blood shall be taken from him under section 7A of this Act and he shall not be required to give his permission for a laboratory