dispute about the implementation of an aerodrome security plan, any member of the security executive group for the aerodrome may refer the dispute to the Secretary of State. 24AO Powers of Secretary of State in relation to disputes This section applies where— a dispute about security planning for an aerodrome is referred to the Secretary of State under section 24AN, or although no such reference is made, the Secretary of State thinks that there is a dispute about security planning for the aerodrome. The Secretary of State may require— any member of the security executive group for the aerodrome, or any relevant person in relation to the aerodrome, to take such steps as the Secretary of State thinks may assist to resolve the dispute. The Secretary of State may require any relevant person in relation to the aerodrome to make payments in respect of any costs incurred by another person (whether or not a relevant person) in connection with the taking of the steps mentioned in subsection (2). The payments that may be required under subsection (3) include payments in respect of any costs incurred by the Secretary of State (including any costs attributable to the work of officials of the Secretary of State). If the Secretary of State decides not to exercise the power in subsection (2), or if the Secretary of State exercises that power but the dispute is not resolved, the Secretary of State may determine the dispute. 24AP Dispute resolution: procedure This section applies where the Secretary of State is determining a dispute about security planning for an aerodrome. The Secretary of State must give— each relevant person who appears to the Secretary of State to have an interest in the matter in dispute, and each member of the security executive group, an opportunity to make representations about the matter in dispute. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 2A – Security planning for aerodromes Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 117 In the case of a dispute about the contents of an aerodrome security plan, the Secretary of State must have regard to the matters specified in section 24AJ(1) (so far as relevant to the matter in dispute). Subject to subsections (2) and (3), the Secretary of State may decide the procedure for determining the dispute. In particular, the Secretary of State may require a person mentioned in subsection (2)(a) or (b) to provide the Secretary of State or another person mentioned in that subsection with such information as the Secretary of State may specify. Subsection (7) applies if, in determining a dispute about