of suitable arrangements with respect to the matters mentioned in section 10(2) and with the operation of the arrangements that are in fact maintained with respect to those matters. The Office may do anything which appears to it to be calculated to facilitate, or is incidental or conducive to, the carrying out of its functions. 10B Efficiency etc in exercise of functions The Director General and the Office must carry out their functions efficiently and effectively. 10C Strategy for exercise of functions The Director General and the Office must jointly— prepare a strategy for the carrying out of their functions, and review the strategy (and revise it as appropriate) at least once every 12 months. The strategy must set out how the Director General and the Office propose to carry out their functions in the relevant period. The strategy must also include a plan for the use during the relevant period of resources for the carrying out of functions of the Director General and the Office. 18 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The Director General and the Office must each give effect to the strategy in carrying out their functions. The Director General and the Office must jointly publish a strategy (or revised strategy) prepared under this section (stating the time from which it takes effect). In this section “relevant period”, in relation to a strategy, means the period of time that is covered by the strategy. 10D Code of practice The Director General and the Office must jointly prepare a code of practice dealing with the relationship between the Director General and the Office. In doing so, they must (in particular) seek to reflect the principle that the Director General is to act independently when making decisions in connection with the carrying out of the Director General's functions. The code must include provision as to the following— how the strategy required by section 10C is to be prepared, reviewed and revised; the matters to be covered by the strategy and the periods to be covered by it from time to time; how the carrying out of functions by the Director General is to be monitored and reviewed by other members of the Office; the giving of advice to the Director General by other members of the Office in connection with the carrying out of functions by the Director General; the keeping of written records of instances where the Director General has not followed advice given by other members of the Office and the reasons for not doing