and cheaper to extend a lease or buy a freehold and reinvigorating commonhold and Right to Manage. Our White Paper reforms will also benefit leaseholders with social landlords, for example by increasing transparency on overall spend and performance by landlords, a stronger focus on managing neighbourhoods and communal spaces, and better engagement so that the concerns of leaseholders can be heard. Many leaseholders have told us that service charges can often be unclear, and it is hard to tell whether costs are reasonable. We are clear that service charges should be transparent and communicated effectively, and that there should be a route to challenge or redress if things go wrong. An independent working group, chaired by Lord Best, examined how to raise standards across the housing sector, which considered how fees such as service charges should be presented to consumers. The group also considered issues such as the consultation process for major works, how to mitigate the risk of large and unexpected bills, as well as the reasonableness of other fees and charges faced by leaseholders. The working group has published its final report to Government; we are considering the reportÕs recommendations and will announce next steps through our leasehold reform programme. 46 Public attitudes to house building, October 2019 https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/ file/841815/BSA_House_building_report.pdf 47 English Housing Survey, Headline Report 2018- 19 https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/english-housing-survey-2018-to-2019-headline-report 48 Live tables on Social Housing Sales Ð table 678 https://www.gov.uk/government/statistical-data-sets/live-tables-on-social-housing-sales The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 71 Glossary Affordable housing: housing for sale or rent, including social housing, for those whose needs are not met by the market. Affordable Rent: social housing provided as part of an agreement with Homes England, the Greater London Authority or the Secretary of State where the rent is set up to 80% of market rent. Aluminium Composite Materials: Aluminium composite material (ACM) is a flat panel made from two thin aluminium sheets bonded to a non- aluminium core, between three and seven mm thick. ACM becomes Ôunsafe ACMÕ when it has a polyethylene (PE) filler, which is highly combustible. Anti-social behaviour: conduct that has caused, or is likely to cause, harassment, alarm or distress to a person, or conduct capable of causing housing-related nuisance or annoyance to any person. Arms Length Management Organisation: an organisation that provides and/or manages housing on behalf of a local authority on a not-for-profit basis. Borrowing Cap: the limit set by Government that local authorities can borrow up to. Decent Homes Standard: the GovernmentÕs definition of what is a decent home and is set out in the publication A Decent Home: Definition and Guidance for Implementation It sets out that a decent home meets four criteria (a) it meets the current statutory minimum standard for housing (b) it is in a reasonable state of repair (c) it has reasonably modern facilities and services and (d) it provides a reasonable degree of thermal comfort. English Housing Survey: a continuous national survey commissioned by the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government (MHCLG). It