commissioner may not arrange for a person to exercise a function ifÑ (a) the person is listed in subsection (6), or (b) the function is listed in subsection (7). (6) The persons referred to in subsections (3)(a) and (c) and (5) areÑ (a) a constable (whether or not in England and Wales); (b) a police and crime commissioner; (c) the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (d) the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime appointed by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime; (e) the Mayor of London; (f) the Common Council of the City of London; (g) any other person or body which maintains a police force; (h) a member of the staff of a person falling within any of paragraphs (a) to (g). (7) The functions referred to in subsection (3) areÑ (a) issuing a police and crime plan (see section 5); (b) determining police and crime objectives (see section 7); (c) attendance at a meeting of a police and crime panel in compliance with a requirement by the panel to do so (see section 29); (d) preparing an annual report to a policing and crime panel (see section 12); (e) appointing the chief constable, suspending the chief constable, or calling upon the chief constable to retire or resign (see section 38); (f) calculating a [F10council tax requirement or a] budget requirement (see section [F1142A or] 43 of the Local Government Finance Act 1992). [F12(g) appointing a local auditor under section 7 of the Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014; (h) deciding whether to enter into a liability limitation agreement under section 14 of that Act.] (8) If a function of a police and crime commissioner is exercisable by any other person in accordance with this section, any property or rights vested in the commissioner may be dealt with by the other person in exercising the function, as if vested in that person. (9) Subsection (2) applies whether or not there is a deputy police and crime commissioner. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 21 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (10) The deputy police and crime commissioner is a member of the police and crime commissioner's staff. (11) For further provision about the appointment of a deputy police and crime commissioner, see paragraphs 8 to 12 of Schedule 1. 19 Delegation of functions by Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime mayÑ (a) appoint a person as the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime, and (b) arrange for the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime to exercise any function of the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (2) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may arrange for