which is not a dwelling; Òthe offenderÓ, in relation to a serious violence reduction order, means the offender in respect of whom the order or the application for the order has been made.Ó (2) In section 80(3) of the Sentencing Code (list of circumstances where an order for conditional discharge is not available) after paragraph (d) insertÑ Ò(da) section 342G(4) (offences relating to a serious violence reduction order);Ó. (3) In section 3(2) of the Prosecution of Offences Act 1985 (functions of the Director of Public Prosecutions) after paragraph (fg) insertÑ Ò(fh) to have the conduct of applications for orders under section 342A of the Sentencing Code (serious violence reduction orders);Ó. 166 Serious violence reduction orders: piloting (1) The Secretary of State may exercise the power in section 208(1) so as to bring section 165 into forceÑ (a) for all purposes, and (b) in relation to the whole of England and Wales, only if the conditions in subsections (2) and (3) are met. (2) The condition in this subsection is that regulations under section 208(1) have brought section 165 into force onlyÑ (a) for one or more specified purposes, or (b) in relation to one or more specified areas. (3) The condition in this subsection is that the Secretary of State has laid before Parliament a report on the operation of Chapter 1A of Part 11 of the Sentencing Code (inserted by section 165)Ñ (a) for one or more of those purposes, or (b) in relation to one or more of those areas. (4) A report under subsection (3) must in particular includeÑ (a) information about the number of offenders in respect of whom serious violence reduction orders have been made; (b) information about the offences that were the basis for applications as a result of which serious violence reduction orders were made; (a) 190 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 2 Ð Knife crime prevention orders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) information about the exercise by constables of the powers in section 342E of the Sentencing Code (serious violence reduction orders: powers of constables); (d) an assessment of the impact of the operation of Chapter 1A of Part 11 of the Sentencing Code on people with protected characteristics (within the meaning of the Equality Act 2010); (e) an initial assessment of the impact of serious violence reduction orders on the reoffending rates of offenders in respect of whom such orders have been made; (f) an assessment of the impact on offenders of being subject to a