procedure as set out in paragraph 17.7. A fee is payable for the extension of an approval. Club renewals 17.45 Section 15(5) of the 1988 Act provides that an approval under that section shall, unless withdrawn, continue in force for six years from the date on which it was granted. The approval may be renewed for a further six years on application. Applications should be submitted on the online application system under the same procedure as set out in paragraph 17.7. A fee is payable for the renewal of an approval. 155 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Police records 17.46 Chief officers of police should maintain an index of all clubs situated in their police force area approved under section 15(1) of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988. Details of the clubÕs secretary and police liaison officer should be recorded and maintained. The index can be used as a reference point when dealing with applications for personal firearm certificates though this will not remove the need to contact the secretary or other officer in all such cases. Combined Cadet Force, Sea Cadet Corps, Army Cadet Force and Air Training Corps 17.47 Cadets are regarded as Crown Servants for the purposes of the Firearms Acts and are exempt from the requirement to possess a firearm certificate when shooting as a member of the corps. Furthermore, firearms may be acquired for the corps by a responsible officer duly authorised in writing by the unitÕs commanding officer without the need for a firearm certificate (section 54(2)(a) of the 1968 Act). Retention of club membersÕ records 17.48 Clubs should retain membersÕ details/records for six years following cancellation of membership. 156 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law Chapter 18: Security of Firearms and Ammunition 18.1 This chapter provides information about the secure keeping of firearms and ammunition, referring to other sources of more detailed information where appropriate. It sets out the security issues for chief officers of police to consider when dealing with certificate applications, renewals or variations. Information about the storage of explosives and black powder is the responsibility of the Health and Safety Executive and advice may be obtained from police explosives liaison officers. 18.2 The Firearms Rules 1998 prescribe safe keeping conditions on firearm and shot gun certificates. They create two levels of security: (a) Rule 3(4)(iv)(a) provides for the firearms and ammunition to which the certificate relates to be stored securely at all times except as provided in paragraph (b), so as to prevent, as far as is reasonably practicable, access by an unauthorised person; and (b) Paragraph (b) lists the circumstances in which the security requirements of paragraph (a) do not apply: i. when the firearms or ammunition are in use; ii. when certificate holders have the firearm with them for cleaning, repairing or testing it or in connection with its use, transfer or sale; or iii. for some other purpose connected with its use, transfer or sale; or iv. the firearm or ammunition is in transit in connection with any of