be used by a person who holds a firearm for sporting purposes or for the shooting of problem wildlife It is important that there should be standardisation of practice amongst forces and for this purpose it is recommended that new certificate holders should be limited to land considered suitable by the chief officer. When a chief officer is satisfied that a certificate holder has gained sufficient competence with a particular calibre or class of firearm the less restrictive condition may be considered appropriate (see Appendix 3). In all circumstances the Òany lawful quarry conditionÓ should be applied (see Appendix 3). Land Inspection 10.17 This is covered in detail in Chapter 12. Zeroing 10.18 Zeroing is the process of adjusting the sights of a rifle so that the aim corresponds to the mean point of impact at the chosen distance. When the sights are harmonised, the bullet impacts where the shooter is aiming. Any small change either to the rifle or to the ammunition used will change the impact point of the bullet and necessitate re-zeroing. Those managing wildlife must be allowed to zero their equipment. The relevant parts of the appropriate condition in Appendix 3 should be added to a certificate of somebody who is permitted to possess a firearm for these purposes. (Section 1) Smooth-bore guns 10.19 In the case of an application in respect of a smooth-bore gun to which section 1 of the 1968 Act applies, it will not be necessary for specific areas of land over which the applicant has permission to shoot to be examined where section 2 shot gun cartridges are used. See Appendix 3 for relevant conditions for shooting of vermin, practical target shooting disciplines or other forms of target shooting. Completion of Certificates 10.20 Firearm certificates must be to the like effect of Form 202. The following parts of the certificate are to be completed by the police before it is sent to the applicant: 79 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law (a) the number of the certificate; (b) the commencement and expiry dates of the period of validity. A firearm certificate is valid for a period of five years; (c) the name and address of the holder; (d) the date of birth of the holder; (e) the details (including the description or identification number where known) of each of the firearms in the applicantÕs possession; (f) the details of each of the firearms the applicant is authorised to acquire; (g) the amount of ammunition the applicant is authorised to possess; (h) any such conditions which pertain to the firearms or ammunition to which the certificate relates; (i) the official crest of the police force issuing the certificate together with the signature of the chief officer of police; and (j) Owing to the differences in the firearms licensing database used in Scotland, the firearm certificate issued there is slightly different to those issued in England and Wales. The content of the certificate in both jurisdictions, however, is identical. This difference is allowed for