to the Divisional Radio Custodian. • Annual audits will be conducted on all personally issued radios and when requested to do so, holders must confirm they are still in possession of the asset. Failure to do so may result in the radio being disabled on the network as a security precaution. 22.4.2 Supervisory Responsibilities Supervisors and managers have a responsibility for ensuring all authorised users of Airwave Services comply with Infosec and other complementary policies and procedures. A proactive approach should be taken to ensure compliance with SyOPs including reporting actual or suspected instances of non-compliance or other breaches of security. Supervisors are responsible for the security and oversight of the Temporary Pool booking out process. The key to the Temporary Pool radio cabinet must be kept secure at all times and only accessible to authorised personnel. 23. ACCESS CONTROL LEVEL (ACL) OF NICHE AND OTHER RECORDS Restricting access to Police databases may cause potential risk to individuals and the organisation as previous history and intelligence may not be visible to parts of the workforce. The request to restrict records will therefore need to be justified with a documented rationale balanced against the requirement to protect the integrity of an investigation. For guidance on the application/review/removal of ACL please refer to the Procedural Guide to the Application / Review / Removal of Access Control List (ACL) in NICHE RMS. 23.1 Authorisation to Apply ACL Authorisation to ACL a Niche record or entry on another type of database is to be authorised by the Senior Investigating Officer (Inspector / Police Staff equivalent or above). Such authorisation will only be given when certain circumstances apply. These will be as follows: • A record relating to a matter which is currently subject of a covert policing operation; • A record relating to a criminal offence where a member of a UK police force, (officer or staff) are implicated as a suspect and are currently subject of a criminal investigation; • Exceptional circumstances Ð What constitutes an exceptional circumstance will be judged on a case by case basis by the SIO considering authorisation of ACL, but would need to be more serious and sensitive than the above. • 23.2 ACL Reviews It is the responsibility of the supervisor responsible for an investigation to review the decision and rationale for the ACL in line with the Hierarchical Crime Review Procedure. If the ACL is still required the rationale for continuing the ACL must be recorded on the Occurrence Enquiry Log (investigation log). If the ACL is no longer required the supervisor must notify CCU who will inform the Data Quality Team (DQT) accordingly. On closing an occurrence the supervisor must ensure that the ACL is removed by notifying CCU who will inform DQT accordingly (See Access Control Lists (ACL) in Niche RMS Procedural Guide). 23.3 ACL For Intelligence For information on authorizing the use of intelligence ACLs, understanding the hierarchy of access to intelligence between departments, auditing access to ensure information security and the process