affected by epilepsy. (i) There is the potential for Taser discharge to be administered to individuals whose behaviour has been influenced by an underlying medical condition or with whom communication is in some way impaired due to non-medical reasons. 2 * Aggressiveness and non-cooperation may be manifested during and shortly after an epileptic seizure. * Adverse changes to behaviour may be exhibited by those with uncontrolled diabetes. * Language barriers and hearing or vision impairment may lead to difficulties in communication which may increase the likelihood of exposure to Taser discharge. * Mental health conditions, learning difficulties and neurodevelopmental or neurobehavioural conditions (for example, cerebral palsy and autistic spectrum disorders) may negatively influence how affected individuals interact with the police and thereby elevate the risk of exposure to Taser discharge or other forms of force. (j) The longer-term psychological implications of exposure to an extremely painful Taser discharge, especially among children, remain unexplored. (k) Taser discharge is unlikely to differentially affect persons fitted with cardiac pacemakers or implantable cardioverter defibrillators. However, the effect of Taser discharge on the function of other types of implantable electronic devices, such as vagus nerve stimulators and cochlear implants, is unknown. 6. The present statement concludes with a series of recommendations designed to mitigate and further inform the risks to children and vulnerable adults exposed to the Taser system. 7. Having reviewed the most recent evidence relating to the medical implications of the Taser X26 and M26 systems, and despite the potential injury mechanisms outlined above, DOMILL remains of the view that the overall risk of serious injury associated with UK use of these systems is low. This view is borne out by the low rate of reported serious adverse events in UK operational use of the Taser system. Incorporation into use policy and user guidance of a number of the recommendations made in this statement should help to ensure that the risk of serious injury continues to remain low. Technical approach 8. The evidence concerning whether children and other vulnerable groups may be at greater risk from the Taser less-lethal system was collated by the Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (Dstl) and presented to the Committee in the form of a comprehensive report. This report was designed to provide DOMILL with a technical and law enforcement foundation with which to explore the issues relevant to an assessment of the relative susceptibility to the Taser system of children and vulnerable adults, compared with notionally healthy adults. 9. DOMILL considered the Taser system as a whole, which included the device itself (use, performance and maintenance), user training, ACPO policy and guidance for use, the quality of data from post-incident medical audit, and the post-incident medical management of vulnerable individuals who have been subjected to Taser discharge. Definitions 10. For the purposes of the present medical statement, children are defined as people less than 18-years-old. 3 11. Vulnerable adults are defined as people aged 18 years or more who are affected by any condition that might render