for the area to which the certificate holder has moved. The chief officer of the force area that the person has moved to should amend the certificate and inspect the security of the new premises. When notification of a change of address to another police area is received, the chief officer of police of that area should be sent the relevant documents, or copies of them, and a reference to the removal should be retained by the issuing force. The certificate holder should retain the original certificate until such time as the new force is able to issue a replacement whereupon it should be exchanged. Replacement certificates 10.32 Section 32 of the 1968 Act states that a fee is payable to replace a certificate which has been lost or destroyed. A certificate should be replaced without fee if it is very dirty, mutilated, or lacks space for further legible entries to be made. The old certificate should not be returned to the holder. Application for variations (section 29(2) of the 1968 Act) 10.33 If a certificate holder wants to vary the certificate allowing them to possess or acquire firearms or ammunition, they must apply to the chief officer of police who issued the certificate. 10.34 The application form for the variation of a firearm certificate (Form 201V) should be used for applications to vary a certificate. The certificate holder should submit their firearm certificate, along with the completed Form 201V, and, where appropriate, the fee, to the firearms licensing department. A fee is payable only in respect of variations which increase the number of firearms to which the certificate relates: if the holder wishes to dispose of one firearm and replace it with another then no fee is payable. It is not normally necessary to re-examine the applicantÕs circumstances, but this may be necessary in individual cases. Although no time limit is normally placed on acquiring the firearm to which the variation applies, failure to do so over a reasonable period, without good reason, may be taken as lack of genuine intention. As referred to in 10.14, chief officers should take into account any difficulties collectors may face in finding examples of collectible or heritage firearms suitable for their collections. Time limits should not apply where reasonable attempts to procure the firearm(s) concerned are being or have been made. 10.35 Each case should be dealt with on its merits and, provided that the Ògood reasonÓ and security requirement is met for each firearm, no general limit 82 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law should be applied in considering any of the following (Ògood reasonÓ should not be confined to need nor equated with desire Ð see Chapter 12): a) number of rounds of ammunition to be held (but see broad guidelines on ammunition amounts in Chapter 12); b) total number of firearms to be held; c) number of firearms per calibre; or d) time by which firearms should be purchased. ÒOne for oneÓ variations 10.36 A variation is always necessary if