Deployed Officers at Training Courses Ð the default position is that white shirts with a black tie will be worn regardless of their rank Ties All uniformed officers, special constabulary and staff members who wear a white shirt shall wear the Wiltshire Police issue clip on tie which shall be black or blue in accordance with the individualÕs role. Ties may only be removed following specific authorisation by the control room Inspector or above in exceptional cases of hot weather. Where dispensation is given, this will apply across the whole force. Such direction is also applicable to those non uniform staff. Open neck shirts will not be worn other than the circumstances above. Epaulettes and Slipovers/Sliders All uniformed officers, special constabulary members and PCSOs are required to wear epaulettes with slipovers (also known as sliders) displaying their shoulder number at all times. Under exceptional operational circumstances, e.g. terrorist incident or firearms officers following a critical incident, a senior officer may instruct removal of sliders. No action should be taken to remove sliders in advance of this specific instruction from a senior officer. Uniformed staff (detention officers, escort officers etc.) are required to wear epaulettes with slipovers at all times. These staff groups do not display their shoulder number. Officers who are authorised to temporarily act up in the next rank will be required to wear their own individual epaulette and Slipover on one arm and replace the other epaulette and slipover with one showing the Acting rank. This Acting rank epaulette and Slipover will display the insignia only. If the requirement to perform Acting is longer than 46 days then the officer is to request a new set of Slipovers that show the higher rank to include the shoulder number. These Slipovers will be worn on both arms whilst performing the Temporary role. Body Armour The wearing of Body Armour whilst on duty, is mandatory for all operational police officers, special constabulary members, PCSO and Escort Officers. As this is fitted to your body for your safety, you must not alter the fit or adjust this garment in any way. Refer to Force Body Armour Procedure for full details of this requirement. Fleeces Wiltshire Police issue fleeces to Police Staff roles. Softshells A softshell is a Police Officer, PCSO or Special Constabulary version of a Fleece for wearing subject to weather conditions over Body Armour. The Softshell is not a waterproof garment and is intended for warmth. Softshells shall not be issued to any Police Staff roles. Hi-Visibility (Hi-Vis) Garments (Jacket with Appointments and Anoraks) Ð Class 3 Garments With the exception of a cycle vest which does not meet the standard and must not be worn for anything other than the purpose intended, all other Hi-Vis garments meet Class 3 which is the standard required to be worn on the carriageway with a speed of 40 miles an hour or above. When the high visibility garment is worn it is required to be fastened up when in public view.