criteria specified or described in regulations made by the Secretary of State. The authorised person must, in deciding whether to ask the Secretary of State to act under subsection (2)(b), apply criteria specified or described in regulations made by the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State must, before making regulations under subsection (3) or (4), consult such persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. In this section “authorised person” means any person specified or described in regulations made by the Secretary of State.] [ Regulations about super-complaints F37229C The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about complaints under section 29A. Such provision may, in particular, include provision about— the procedure for dealing with a matter before a complaint is made under section 29A (including who is to deal with the matter), the procedure for dealing with a complaint under section 29A (including who is to deal with the matter), whether, or the extent to which, a matter is to be dealt with under this Part or Part 2. Regulations under this section may— confer (or enable the conferring of) functions on Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Constabulary, the [F373Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct], the College of Policing or any other person, apply (with or without modifications), in relation to any matter to be dealt with by the [F373Director General of the Independent Office for Police Conduct] under this Part, any provision made by or under Part 2.]] Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 73 Part 2B – Investigation of concerns raised by whistle-blowers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes [F374PART 2B Investigation of concerns raised by whistle-blowers 29D Power to investigate concerns raised by whistle-blowers The [F375Director General] may investigate any concern raised by a whistle-blower of which [F376the Director General] becomes aware (whether because the whistle-blower has contacted the [F375Director General] or for any other reason) but only if the whistle- blower informs the [F375Director General], before the beginning of the investigation, that he or she consents to an investigation taking place. In deciding whether to investigate, the [F375Director General] must take into account the public interest. For the purposes of this Part, a person is a “whistle-blower” if— the person is, or was at any time, under the direction and control of a chief officer of police, the person raises a concern that is about a police force or a person serving with the police, the matter to which the concern relates is not— about the conditions of service of persons serving with the police, or a matter that is, or