the form of a ÔfishtailÕ (Figure 56) key inserted in a special switch either near the main fuse board or adjacent to relevant light switches. Typically, testing would include: • a daily visual check of any central controls; • a monthly function test by operating the test facility for a period sufficient to ensure that each emergency lamp illuminates; and • an annual full discharge test. Particular care needs to be taken following a full discharge test. Batteries typically take 24 hours to re-charge and the premises should not be re-occupied until the emergency lighting system is fully functioning unless alternative arrangements have been made. See BS 5266-827 for more information. It is good practice to keep a record of tests. Section 6 Further guidance on signs and notices Escape signs In simple premises, a few signs indicating the alternative exit(s) might be all that is needed. In larger and more complex premises, a series of signs directing people along the escape routes towards the final exit might be needed. Many people with poor vision retain some sight and are able to recognise changing or contrasting colour to provide them with visual clues when moving around a building.* 102It may sufficient to paint any columns and walls in a contrasting colour and to highlight changes in level by, for example, making the nosing to step and stair treads a contrasting colour (see BS 830014). For people with no sight, a well-managed Ôbuddy systemÕ, continuous handrails or a sound localisation system (which helps people to move towards an alert sound), or the installation of more tactile aids may be appropriate. Exit signs should be clearly visible whenever the public, staff and contractors are present. Positioning of escape signs The presence of other signs in shops (such as advertising and customer information) or shop dressing, can distract attention from, or obscure the visibility of escape signs. This could affect peopleÕs ability to see and understand escape signs, particularly if there is a fire evacuation. Always ensure that escape signs are not overwhelmed. Escape signs should meet the following criteria: • They should provide clear, unambiguous information to enable people to safely leave a building in an emergency. • Every escape route sign should, where necessary, incorporate, or be accompanied by, a directional arrow. Arrows should not be used on their own. • If the escape route to the nearest exit is not obvious then it should be indicated by a sign(s). • Signs should be positioned so that a person escaping will always have the next escape route sign in sight. • Escape signs should be fixed above the door in the direction of escape and not be fixed to doors, as they will not be visible if the door is open. • Signs mounted above doors should be at a height of between 2.0m and 2.5m above the floor. • Signs on walls should be mounted between 1.7m and 2.0m above the floor. • Mounting heights greater than 2.5m may be