the Safeguarding Team within the Public Protection Department will be contacted and they will routinely take ownership of the investigation once the initial risk has been identified and managed by response officers. In the case of a time critical, emergency response, outside of PPDÕs operating hours, then the FIM can contact the Duty CID Sergeant for advice. POLICY AIM The purpose of this policy is to clearly define HBA (as well as FM & FGM) and provide guidance on risk management and investigation in order to reduce the risk of serious harm or homicide and increase the safety, health and well-being of victims, as well as any children. The overarching aim is: • To protect the lives and welfare of both adults and children at risk of HBA, FM and FGM. • To investigate all reports of HBA/FM/FGM. • To deliver the best quality of service to victims and potential victims. • To build confidential and protective relationships within communities to encourage more victims to have the confidence to report HBA/FM/FGM. • To adopt a multi agency approach in preventing and reducing HBA/FM/FGM. • To facilitate effective action against offenders. APPLICABILITY Police Officers and Police Staff tasked with dealing with allegations of HBA, FM or FGM and all police officers and police staff who are or become aware of any allegation concerning HBA, FM or FGM. There is a collective responsibility to ensure allegations of HBA, FM and FGM are correctly identified as such, taken seriously and that this policy is adhered to. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE Children Act 1989 Criminal Justice & Police Act 2001 Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 Domestic Violence, Crime and Victims Act 2004 Forced Marriage (Civil protection) Act 2007 Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 Domestic Abuse Act 2021. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Honour Based Abuse FGM and FM Procedure Child Abuse Procedure Domestic Abuse Policy and Procedure Missing Persons Policy and Procedure Management of Missing Persons and Absent Without Leave (Joint Protocol) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Major investigation and public protection > Female Genital Mutilation APP under Major investigation and public protection > Investigating child abuse and safeguarding children. APP under Major investigation and public protection > Forced marriage and honour based violence APP Investigation DATA PROTECTION ACT 1998 Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 The policy has been classed as suitable for public release. MONITORING AND REVIEW This policy will be reviewed every two years, taking into account any newly published Home Office policy, Authorised Professional Practice and NPCC guidelines. Further from this the procedure will be reviewed following a case being investigated in Wiltshire, to highlight any areas for improvement and to ensure these are covered for further investigations. PPD Managers will regularly monitor compliance with this procedure. The Public Protection Department