and wrist locks, compliance techniques, use of handcuffs or use of baton for restraint techniques. • Defensive Tactics: Blocks, strikes and takedowns. Empty hands and batons followed by control techniques. • Secondary Control Techniques: An example being PAVA spray and if and when available CED (Taser). • Deadly Force: Any action which may cause serious bodily injury. • Reporting Use ItÕs important that all officers inform the custody officer, when the detainee is initially brought into the custody area, about the type and level of force used. A pocket notebook entry must be made about the use of force as soon as possible after the incident as well as completion of the use of force form. An MG 6C (non-sensitive material) and a use of force form, if used, must be attached to any subsequent file. Actions may need to be defended in both the criminal and the civil courts. Once a PAVA irritant spray has been used it must be removed from circulation, double bagged, exhibited and booked into SPR through NICHE. The canister will be forwarded to Force Operations and may be disposed of after a period of 28 days subject to any civil action or complaint against police relating to its use. Once a spit and bite guard has been used, it should be disposed of as Bio-Hazardous waste, unless needed as evidence. A replacement spit and bite guard can be obtained from custody or the HQ Supplies department. See Spit and Bite Guard Procedure for more information. Once a CED (Taser) has been used the TASER X2 or TASER X26 Standard Operating Procedure should be referred to and the post deployment of Taser procedure adhered to. POLICY AIM The aim of this policy is to ensure that there is an efficient and consistent approach adopted across Wiltshire Police in regard to the use of force. The Code of Ethics published in 2014 by the College of Policing requires all officers and staff to do the right thing in the right way. It also recognises that the use of discretion in Policing is necessary but in using discretion, states that you should, "take into account any relevant policing codes, guidance, policies and procedures into consideration." APPLICABILITY This policy applies to all Police Officers, Special Constables, Police Community Support Officers (PCSOs), Detention Officers (DOs), Local Crime Investigators (LCIs), Enquiry Officers and Prisoner Transport Teams. LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE The Criminal Law Act 1967, Section 117 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, Common Law and Section 76(7) of the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008 must be adhered to and referred to when making decisions on use of force. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Spit and Bite Guard Procedure TASER X2 Standard Operating Procedure TASER X26 Standard Operating Procedure Dogs Standard Operating Procedure Firearms Standard Operating Procedures AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Operations Public Order Armed Policing > Use of Force National Decision Model Detention and Custody > Risk Assessment > 3.7 Acute Behavioural Disorder DATA PROTECTION