that two conditions are met. (2) The first condition is thatÑ (a) activities carried on in a public place within the authority's area have had a detrimental effect on the quality of life of those in the locality, or (b) it is likely that activities will be carried on in a public place within that area and that they will have such an effect. (3) The second condition is that the effect, or likely effect, of the activitiesÑ (a) is, or is likely to be, of a persistent or continuing nature, (b) is, or is likely to be, such as to make the activities unreasonable, and (c) justifies the restrictions imposed by the notice. (a) 34 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (4) A public spaces protection order is an order that identifies the public place referred to in subsection (2) (Òthe restricted areaÓ) andÑ (a) prohibits specified things being done in the restricted area, (b) requires specified things to be done by persons carrying on specified activities in that area, or (c) does both of those things. (5) The only prohibitions or requirements that may be imposed are ones that are reasonable to impose in orderÑ (a) to prevent the detrimental effect referred to in subsection (2) from continuing, occurring or recurring, or (b) to reduce that detrimental effect or to reduce the risk of its continuance, occurrence or recurrence. (6) A prohibition or requirement may be framedÑ (a) so as to apply to all persons, or only to persons in specified categories, or to all persons except those in specified categories; (b) so as to apply at all times, or only at specified times, or at all times except those specified; (c) so as to apply in all circumstances, or only in specified circumstances, or in all circumstances except those specified. (7) A public spaces protection order mustÑ (a) identify the activities referred to in subsection (2); (b) explain the effect of section 63 (where it applies) and section 67; (c) specify the period for which the order has effect. (8) A public spaces protection order must be published in accordance with regulations made by the Secretary of State. [F959A Power to make expedited public spaces protection orders (1) A local authority may make an expedited public spaces protection order (an Òexpedited orderÓ) in relation to a public place within the local authorityÕs area if satisfied on reasonable grounds that three conditions