to the ICT Department who shall securely wipe ForceÕs information and software from the equipment. 18. PROTECTION AGAINST MALICIOUS CODE Computer viruses, spyware and other forms of malicious code exploit vulnerabilities in software programs and can cause loss and damage to the ForceÕs and OPCC information, software and IT equipment. Wiltshire Police and OPCC use a variety of products, e.g. anti-virus and software security patches, which are constantly updated to minimise the threat from viruses and other malicious code. PCs and laptops are also protected by these controls. You must not change or remove these controls on your Police/OPCC device, otherwise the ICT network and systems will become more vulnerable to the threat from viruses and other malicious code. In addition to these controls, Wiltshire Police and the OPCC is also dependent on its staff, who must remain vigilant to protect it from malicious code. You must ensure that: • You do not introduce a virus or malicious code into the ForceÕs network, by downloading unauthorised or suspect software from the Internet or from computer media, e.g. DVDs, CDs and USB storage devices onto your PC, laptop or any Police/OPCC system; • All software and data which originates from outside the Police or OPCC must be checked for viruses and malicious software prior to it being opened or used Ð if you need help, contact the ICT Helpdesk; • If you are suspicious of a virus or malicious code, you must stop using your PC or laptop immediately and contact the ICT Helpdesk; • If you receive a suspicious e-mail, you should not open it or the attachment or any hypertext link, as this may well activate a virus or other form of malicious code. Wiltshire Police and OPCC use an enhanced filtering system which will identify and tag Ôsuspect spamÕ emails with either SPAM or CAUTION. If you receive an email tagged with ÔCAUTIONÕ it may well be a valid email. If you feel that it is not or the email is tagged with ÔSPAMÕ forward it to spam@wiltshire.police.uk for evaluation / confirmation. There may also be ÔhoaxÕ virus messages in circulation which are not actually viruses at all, but plain e-mail messages asking you to take some sort of action, such as deleting files on your computer and forwarding the message. These messages themselves are not infected with a virus, and are spread by playing on peopleÕs fears, and fooling them into following the instructions. If you receive a message warning you of a virus, you must immediately contact the ICT Service Desk. 19. SECURITY EDUCATION AWARENESS & TRAINING All personnel will receive appropriate instruction with regard to information security. At present this is covered by a mandatory NCALT MLE IM - IS training course. 20. SECURITY OPERATING PROCEDURES (SYOPS) SyOPs, designed to assist in the efficient operation of Information Security detail the security standard against which all Information Security will be operated, define roles and responsibilities and notify users what they can and cannot do. All Users