set forth herein or at their limitation to a greater extent than is provided for in the Convention. ARTICLE 18 Limitation on use of restrictions on rights The restrictions permitted under this Convention to the said rights and freedoms shall not be applied for any purpose other than those for which they have been prescribed. SECTION II EUROPEAN COURT OF HUMAN RIGHTS ARTICLE 19 Establishment of the Court To ensure the observance of the engagements undertaken by the High Contracting Parties in the Convention and the Protocols thereto, there shall be set up a European Court of Human Rights, hereinafter referred to as Òthe CourtÓ. It shall function on a permanent basis. ARTICLE 20 Number of judges The Court shall consist of a number of judges equal to that of the High Contracting Parties. ARTICLE 21 Criteria for office 1. The judges shall be of high moral character and must either possess the qualifications required for appointment to high judicial office or be jurisconsults of recognised competence. 2. Candidates shall be less than 65 years of age at the date by which the list of three candidates has been requested by the Parliamentary Assembly, further to Article 22. 3. The judges shall sit on the Court in their individual capacity. 4. During their term of office the judges shall not engage in any activity which is incompatible with their independence, impartiality or with the demands of a full-time office; all questions arising from the application of this paragraph shall be decided by 1. ARTICLE 22 Election of judges The judges shall be elected by the Parliamentary Assembly with The plenary Court shall ARTICLE 25 Plenary Court respect to each High Contracting Party by a majority of votes cast from a list of three candidates nominated by the High Contracting Party. ARTICLE 23 Terms of office and dismissal 1. The judges shall be elected for a period of nine years. They may not be re-elected. 2. The judges shall hold office until replaced. They shall, however, continue to deal with such cases as they already have under consideration. 3. No judge may be dismissed from office unless the other judges decide by a majority of two-thirds that that judge has ceased to fulfil the required conditions. ARTICLE 24 Registry and rapporteurs 1. The Court shall have a Registry, the functions and organisation of which shall be laid down in the rules of the Court. 2. When sitting in a single-judge formation, the Court shall be assisted by rapporteurs who shall function under the authority of the President of the Court. They shall form part of the CourtÕs Registry. (a) elect its President and one or two Vice-Presidents for a period of three years; they may be re-elected; (b) set up Chambers, constituted for a fixed period of time; (c) elect the Presidents of the Chambers of the Court; they may be re-elected; (d) adopt the rules of the Court; (e) elect the Registrar and one or more Deputy Registrars; (f) make