confirmation should be by signature of the respective consignor and consignee or their servant/employee. 7.14 Firearms must not be delivered to or left with any third party who is not authorised to be in possession of such firearms. 7.15 The items should be detailed on the consignment note, which should travel with the consignment. 7.16 The packaging should not readily identify the contents, unless required by any Hazardous Goods or Explosives transportation regulations. 7.17 Any parcel lost in transit must be reported to the police as soon as the discovery is made. 7.18 Any carrier who regularly, as a general part of his business, takes on transportation of firearms should ensure, so far as is possible that the vehicle(s) used for that purpose is of a type offering secure stowage of the goods in transit. 7.19 Carriers which have depots where firearms are kept between different stages of their transportation should have secure facilities similar to those that are applicable to warehousemen. Section 5 Firearms and/or Ammunition - Commercial Carriage by Road 7.20 Carriers of prohibited weapons, component parts and ammunition are required to take all reasonable precautions for the safe custody of the articles in their possession. 7.21 Vehicles carrying prohibited weapons, component parts and ammunition must have these articles either: a) secured out of sight in the load carrying area; or b) Within the secure area of the vehicle. 7.22 These areas must be secured with high security locks, padlocks of not less than level 4 of CEN 12320:1997 (commonly referred to as CEN 4 or 5), or other tested deadlocks. 7.13 7.23 Where, due to the size/shape of the prohibited weapons, it is impractical to move them in a closed vehicle they must be carried securely fastened down on open vehicles and covered to obscure them as far as possible. 7.24 The load carrying area of car derived vans and other goods carrying vehicles must be separated from the driverÕs compartment. 7.25 The vehicle must not be left unattended at any time when weapons, components or ammunition are carried except: a) within a site licensed under explosives legislation, or exempt under the Explosives Acts (Exemption) Regulations 1979; b) within an area under control of the Ministry of Defence; or c) within premises authorised by the Secretary of State for the storage of that quantity of prohibited firearms or ammunition. 7.26 The vehicle should be equipped with a two-way communication system or vehicle tracking system. 7.27 If neither is viable due to the length of journey or terrain, the vehicle should be capable of being immobilised from inside the driverÕs compartment. 7.28 If explosives are being carried, then the necessary warning symbols should be displayed. Otherwise there should be no external indications of the contents of the vehicle. 7.29 The vehicle must always be double manned, save for the provisions covering small loads and particular articles specified in paragraph 7.37. 7.30 A sign must be carried indicating: a) that the occupant(s) will not open the doors for anyone