Pham 136 HEALTHCARE POLICY 141 Care for Colorectal Cancer: Establishing Self-Service FIT Kiosks to Diminish Racial Inequities Arjun Anugole 142 Addressing FloridaÕs Hidden Epidemic in Polypharmacy Tanirika Choudhry 146 Creating an International Recruitment Program to Increase Clinical Specialist Return to Ireland Zo‘ O'Halloran 150 Audit for Equity: Enhancing Accountability Across New JerseyÕs Harm Reduction Services Kimia Shahriyar 153 FALL 2024 CORE EXECUTIVE BOARD MEMBERS Gary Wu Ô26, Co-President Gary is a junior studying Policy Analysis and Management with minors in Business and Law & Society. He joined the Economics Center his freshman year and has since served as the Economics Center Director and now Co- President of CPG. GaryÕs policy interests lie in the intersection of law, economics, data privacy, and the healthcare industry. Outside of CPG, GaryÕs a Senior Research Assistant for the Labor Dynamics Institute and is conducting an independent research project as a Rawlings Cornell Presidential Scholar. After his undergrad, Gary plans on attending law school with a focus on healthcare and data privacy law. Isabel Lee Ô26, Co-President Isabel is a junior studying Health Care Policy with a minor in Philosophy. She was an Environment and Technology analyst for Spring 2023 and served as the centerÕs director the following 2023-2024 school year. As for her policy interests, Isabel is interested in the intersection between healthcare and technology policies, especially regarding EMS health technology. Keten Abebe Ô27, Director of Internal Affairs Keten is sophomore at the Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy majoring in Public Policy. She is also pursuing three minors respectively in International Relations, Inequality Studies and Law and Society. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Foreign Policy Center and currently serves as CPGÕs Director of Internal Affairs. KetenÕs policy interests lie in the field of International Affairs, specifically within sustainability, human rights advocacy, international law, and the intersection between racial/gender disparities and policy. Outside of CPG, Keten is the Vice President of New Member Development for the Black Ivy Pre-Law Society, an Institute of Politics and Global Affairs Scholar, a Brooks School course assistant and a Cornell TraditionÕs Fellow. She also conducts legal review and sustainable development projects as a Research Analyst for Regenerative Africa Consulting. Ava Boris Ô27, Director of External Affairs Ava is a Sophomore studying Public Policy and International Relations at Cornell University. As a member of CPG Ava serves as an analyst for the Healthcare Center and the Director of External Affairs for the organization. Ava has focused her studies on understanding national security issues through the lens of gender and interpersonal relationships. Outside of CPG Ava is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta and Pi Lambda Sigma. She also is a teaching assistant for PUBPOL 2301: Introduction to Policy Analysis. Lilia Mitra Ô26, Advocacy Director Lilia is a junior studying Health Care Policy in the Brooks School of Public Policy. She joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst in the Healthcare Center and now serves as Advocacy Director. LiliaÕs policy interests include