point of ignition (breech face). For a muzzle-loading gun, the point of ignition may be taken as the touch-hole or nipple that is nearest to the breech; b) either has no magazine or has a non-detachable magazine incapable of holding more than two cartridges (see paragraphs 2.12 to 2.14 for further information). It should be noted that under section 1(3A) of the 1968 Act a gun that has been adapted to have such a magazine only meets this criterion if the magazine bears an approved mark and the adaptation has been certified in writing either by one of the two Proof Houses or by such other person as the Secretary of State has designated, as having been carried out in a manner approved by the Secretary of State; and c) is not a revolver gun (that is, a gun containing a series of chambers, which revolve as part of the firing cycle). 2.7 When considering the classification of smooth-bore guns, special attention must be paid to the length of the barrel and the overall length. With the exception of those chambered for .22 rim-fire cartridges, section 5(1)(ac) of the 1968 Act raised to the prohibited category (see Chapter 3) all self-loading and pump-action models which are either short-barrelled (under 24 inches) or short in overall length (under 40 inches). For the purpose of calculating overall length any detachable, retractable or other movable butt-stock should be disregarded. References to Ôshot gunsÕ in the 1968 Act may be taken generally to mean shot guns which fall within section 2 of that Act, rather than those subject to sections 1 and 5 of the 1968 Act, unless otherwise stated. 7 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law 2.8 While overall length is not a relevant factor in regard to the classification of traditional single and double-barrelled smooth-bore guns and repeating shot guns with a bolt or lever-action, any such guns with barrels under 24 inches in length are subject to control under section 1(3)(a)(i) of the 1968 Act. Also controlled under section 1(3)(a)(ii) is any repeating shot gun, not otherwise prohibited by virtue of its barrel length or overall length, with a magazine capacity in excess of two cartridges. 2.9 Section 5(1)(ad) of the 1968 Act raised to the prohibited category any smooth-bore revolver gun other than one that is chambered for 9mm rim-fire cartridges or is a muzzle-loading revolver gun. The first exemption is understood to cover ÔrattingÕ or ÔgardenÕ guns. Since section 1(3)(a) of the 1968 Act does not permit any revolver gun to be regarded as a Ôshot gunÕ, smooth-bore revolver guns which are chambered for 9mm rim-fire or muzzle-loading guns are classed as firearms and subject to control under section 1 of the 1968 Act. 2.10 For the purposes only of sections 3(1) and 45(2) of the 1968 Act, and in the definition of Ôfirearms dealerÕ in section 57(4), the term Ôshot gunÕ also includes any component part of a shot gun and any accessory to a shot gun designed or