of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 192 amended 1999 Medical Records Act 1988 Equality Act 2010 National Medical Recruitment Standards (2004) for entry to the Police Services and Fitness for Winsor Report 2012 Fitness for Work (2007) Faculty of Occupational Health Nursing and Midwifery Council (2008) Standards of conduct, performance and ethics for nurses and midwives London NMC. Other legislation may be relevant to the issue of Occupational Health and the above list is not exhaustive. RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS Recruitment Policy, Attendance Policy, Health and Safety Policy, Officer Safety Training Policy Substance Misuse Policy & Procedure Forms: Health Questionnaire (Police Officer and Special Constable) AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE: There are no associated APP areas at present MONITORING AND REVIEW The Occupational health Policy will be monitored and reviewed on an annual basis by the Force Occupational Health Manager. The policy will also be reviewed in light of legislative change or best practice. WHO TO CONTACT ABOUT THIS POLICY The Head of People Services and the Occupational Health Manager are responsible for this policy and procedure. All queries relating to this policy or procedure should be directed to: Penny Fuller, Occupational Health Manager Ð 01380 734073 / ext: 7202327 PROCEDURE The unit owe a duty of confidence not only to staff in employment but also job applicants. Any contact with the OHU or attendence to the unit is always in line with and is under pinned by our confidentiality statement. 1. Pre-employment The force expects all Police Officers at the point of recruitment to be fit to perform the core competencies. All Police officers and Special Constables are required to undertake pre employment medical screening. Police Community Support Officers (PCSO) and Detention Officers, are required to undertake pre employment screening. Police staff are required to complete an Employment Functional Health Questionnaire, to identify any health issues that maybe affected by the proposed job role. The outcome will be communicated in writing to the Human Resources Department (Recruitment). 2. Occupational Health Appointments and Support 2.1 Health Promotion One of the most important strategic aims of the OH unit is to promote the improvement of general well-being. Blood pressure checks, cholesterol tests and psychological screening is offered as part of the OH unit RABM and Health Surveillance programme. The Health and Wellbeing group meets regularly and all areas of the Force are represented. The group provide guidance and support on a range of health related matters. 2.2 Vaccinations The OHU will provide all staff with the relevant information regarding occupational immunisation which is appropriate for their occupation or work needs. All Police Officers, Special Constables, PCSOÕs or any staff requiring immunisations will be provided with a Blood Borne Viruses Aide Memoir. Following a perceived exposure, a clinical member of staff will contact The Great Western Hospital for post exposure advice to establish if post exposure intervention is required. OH will support and advise the Force and staff where necessary. 2.3 Counselling All staff have access to the 24 hour independent