the police to check under the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme (also known as ÔClareÕs LawÕ). This is your Ôright to askÕ. If records show that you may be at risk of domestic abuse, the police will consider disclosing the information. A disclosure can be made if it is legal, proportionate and necessary to do so. If you are concerned about a friend or family member, you can apply for a disclosure on behalf of someone you know. You can make a request to the police for information about a personÕs previous violent o?ending in person at the police station or elsewhere, by telephone, by email, online or as part of a police investigation. Support agencies and services can also help you ask the police about this. Get a court order to protect you or your child If youÕre a victim of domestic abuse you can apply for a court order or injunction to protect yourself or your child from: your current or previous partner a family member someone you currently or previously lived with This is called a non-molestation or occupation order. You can apply online, by email or by post. Get a non-molestation or occupation order if youÕve been the victim of domestic abuse. Domestic abuse protection orders A domestic abuse protection order (DAPO) can: stop someone coming to or near your home decide who can stay or return to your home order the person to attend a behavioural change programme order the person to wear an electronic tag to check theyÕre keeping to the conditions of the order There are no court fees for applying. You can only apply for a DAPO if the person you need protection from lives in one of the following areas: Hartlepool, Middlesbrough, Redcar and Cleveland and Stockton-on-Tees Greater Manchester the London boroughs of Croydon, Bromley or Sutton Apply for a domestic abuse protection order. Support someone you know If you are worried that a friend, neighbour or loved one is a victim of domestic abuse, you can call the National Domestic Abuse Helpline for free and confidential advice, 24 hours a day on 0808 2000 247. Or you can contact the other support services listed on this page. Seeking help for someone you know can be challenging but #YouAreNotalone. Domestic abuse advisers will o?er confidential, non- judgemental information and advice on the options available to you helping you to keep safe and make informed choices. If you believe there is an immediate risk of harm to someone, or it is an emergency, you should always call 999. If someone confides in you, there is more information on how to support a friend who is being abused. If you are an employer Let your employees know that if they are facing domestic abuse you want to help them to get help. Stay in regular contact with employees you know, or fear, may be facing abuse and if you lose contact with them, take swift action to visit them. If you believe there is