shall be immaterial whether the consent is given at, before or after the time when the entitlement to the destruction of the fingerprint or sample arises.” In paragraph (8)(a) (saving for power conferred by Immigration Act 1971 (c. 77)), after “1971” there shall be inserted “ or section 20 of the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999 (c. 33) (disclosure of police information to the Secretary of State for use for immigration purposes); ”. 78 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 3 – Police and Criminal Evidence and the Terrorism Act Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The fingerprints, samples and information the retention and use of which, in accordance with the amended provisions of Article 64 of the Order of 1989, is authorised by this section include— fingerprints and samples the destruction of which should have taken place before the commencement of this section, but did not; and information deriving from any such samples or from samples the destruction of which did take place, in accordance with that Article, before the commencement of this section. F20784 Amendment of Terrorism Act 2000 equivalent to s. 82 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Persons authorised by the Secretary of State Power to apply 1984 Act provisions After section 114 of the 1984 Act (application of Act to Customs and Excise) there shall be inserted— “114A Power to apply Act to officers of the Secretary of State etc. The Secretary of State may by order direct that— the provisions of Schedule 1 to this Act so far as they relate to special procedure material, and the other provisions of this Act so far as they relate to the provisions falling within paragraph (a) above, shall apply, with such modifications as may be specified in the order, for the purposes of investigations falling within subsection (2) as they apply for the purposes of investigations of offences conducted by police officers. An investigation falls within this subsection if— it is conducted by an officer of the department of the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry or by another person acting on that Secretary of State’s behalf; it is conducted by that officer or other person in the discharge of a duty to investigate offences; and the investigation relates to a serious arrestable offence or to anything which there are reasonable grounds for suspecting has involved the commission of a serious arrestable offence. The investigations for