version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (f) explain the effect of a closure order; (g) give information about the names of, and means of contacting, persons and organisations in the area that provide advice about housing and legal matters. (6) A closure notice may be issued only if reasonable efforts have been made to informÑ (a) people who live on the premises (whether habitually or not), and (b) any person who has control of or responsibility for the premises or who has an interest in them, that the notice is going to be issued. (7) Before issuing a closure notice the police officer or local authority must ensure that any body or individual the officer or authority thinks appropriate has been consulted. (8) The Secretary of State may by regulations specify premises or descriptions of premises in relation to which a closure notice may not be issued. 77 Duration of closure notices (1) The maximum period that may be specified in a closure notice is 24 hours unless subsection (2) applies. (2) The maximum period is 48 hoursÑ (a) if, in the case of a notice issued by a police officer, the officer is of at least the rank of superintendent, or (b) if, in the case of a notice issued by a local authority, the notice is signed by the chief executive officer of the authority or a person designated by him or her for the purposes of this subsection. (3) In calculating when the period of 48 hours ends, Christmas Day is to be disregarded. (4) The period specified in a closure notice to which subsection (2) does not apply may be extended by up to 24 hoursÑ (a) if, in the case of a notice issued by a police officer, an extension notice is issued by an officer of at least the rank of superintendent, or (b) if, in the case of a notice issued by a local authority, the authority issues an extension notice signed by the chief executive officer of the authority or a person designated by the chief executive officer for the purposes of this subsection. (5) An extension notice is a notice whichÑ (a) identifies the closure notice to which it relates, and (b) specifies the period of the extension. [F52(6) In this section Òchief executive officerÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a local authority in England, the authority's head of paid service designated under section 4 of the Local Government and Housing Act 1989; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 55 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of