2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 183 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (c) decides to live for a period of one month or more at any premises the address of which has not been previously notified to the police in accordance with the order. (5) That information isÑ (a) in a case within subsection (4)(a), the name which has not previously been notified, (b) in a case within subsection (4)(b), the new home address, and (c) in a case within subsection (4)(c), the address of the premises at which the offender has decided to live. (6) A serious violence reduction order must provide that the offender gives a notification of the kind mentioned in subsection (2) or (4) byÑ (a) attending at a police station in a police area in which the offender lives, and (b) giving an oral notification to a police officer, or to any person authorised for the purpose by the officer in charge of the station. (7) The Secretary of State may make regulations under subsection (1)(b) only ifÑ (a) the Secretary of State has laid a report before Parliament under section 166(3) of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (report to be laid after piloting of serious violence reduction orders), and (b) the Secretary of State considers that it is appropriate to make the regulations for the purpose of assisting constables to exercise the powers conferred by section 342E. (8) Regulations under subsection (1)(b) are subject to the affirmative resolution procedure. (9) In this section, Òhome addressÓ, in relation to the offender, meansÑ (a) the address of the offenderÕs sole or main residence, or (b) if the offender has no such residence, the address or location of a place where the offender can regularly be found and, if there is more than one such place, such one of those places as the offender may select. 342C Serious violence reduction orders: additional requirements etc (1) A serious violence reduction order may impose on the offender any requirement or prohibition specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State for the purposes of this section if the condition in subsection (2) is met. (2) The condition in this subsection is that the court considers it appropriate for the order to impose the requirement or prohibition on the offender for the purpose of assisting constables to exercise the powers conferred by section 342E in respect of the offender. (3) Regulations under this section may be made only after the Secretary of State has laid a report before Parliament under section 166(3) of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (report