any stairway from the basement should be separated by a protected lobby or corridor between that basement and the protected stairway. • If you do not have a protected stairway and, depending on the outcome of your fire risk assessment, it may be that you can achieve an equivalent level of safety by other means. However, it is strongly recommended that you ask advice from a competent person. • These principles apply to taller buildings (with floors up to 18m high), however where your building has more than three upper storeys you should ask the advice of a competent person. • Figure 52: Example of a multi-storey building 98 Tall building with a firefighting shaft Figure 53 shows a multi-storey building fitted with a firefighting shaft which is required for specific types of buildings including multi- stairway buildings with a floor higher than 18m. If the premises you occupy are situated in a building like this, you should ask the advice of a competent person. Figure 53: Tall building with a firefighting shaft Section 5 Further guidance on emergency escape lighting The primary purpose of emergency escape lighting is to illuminate escape routes but it also illuminates other safety equipment. The size and type of your premises and the risk to the occupants will determine the complexity of the emergency escape lighting required. Borrowed lighting may be suitable in small premises where the light is from a dependable source, e.g. street lamps, and it will adequately illuminate escape routes. Where borrowed lighting is not suitable, then a number of torches, in strategic positions, can be considered. Single Ôstand-aloneÕ escape lighting units may be sufficient in small premises and these can sometimes be combined with exit or directional signs (Figure 54). The level of general illumination should not be significantly reduced by the sign. In larger more complex premises a more comprehensive system of fixed automatic escape lighting is likely to be needed. This will be particularly true in premises with extensive basements or where there are significant numbers of staff or members of the public. You will have identified the escape routes when carrying out your fire risk assessment and need to ensure that they are all adequately lit. If there are escape routes that are not permanently illuminated by normal lighting, such as external stairs, then a switch, clearly marked ÔEscape lightingÕ, or some other means of switching on the lighting should be provided at the entry to that area/stairs. An emergency escape lighting system should normally cover the following: • each exit door; • escape routes; • intersections of corridors; • outside each final exit and on external escape routes; • emergency escape signs; • stairways so that each flight receives adequate light; • changes in floor level; • windowless rooms and toilet accommodation exceeding 8m2; • firefighting equipment; • fire alarm call points; • equipment that would need to be shut down in an emergency; • lifts; and • areas in premises greater than 60m2. It is