an order under this section, give notice of the order by fixing a copy of it in a conspicuous position on the premises in respect of which it was made. A sum which has been ordered to be paid into court under this section shall be paid to the [F68designated officer] for the court. Termination of closure orders by constable or local authority Where a closure order has been made, a constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned may make a certificate to the effect that the constable or (as the case may be) the authority is satisfied that the need for the order has ceased. Where such a certificate has been made, the closure order shall cease to have effect. Where a closure order containing provision of the kind mentioned in section 21(2)(c) ceases to have effect by virtue of the making of a certificate under subsection (1), any sum paid into court by a defendant under the order shall be released by the court. Subject to this, a closure order may include such provision as the court considers appropriate for dealing with any consequences which would arise if the order were to cease to have effect by virtue of the making of a certificate under subsection (1). 20 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 2 – Provisions for combatting alcohol-related disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned shall, as soon as practicable after the making of a certificate under subsection (1)— serve a copy of it on the person against whom the closure order has been made and the [F69designated officer] for the court which made the order; and fix a copy of it in a conspicuous position on the premises in respect of which the order was made. The constable or (as the case may be) the local authority concerned shall also serve a copy of the certificate on any person who requests such a copy. Discharge of closure orders by the court Where a closure order has been made— any person on whom the closure notice concerned was served under section 19; or any person who has an interest in the premises in respect of which the closure order was made but on whom no closure notice was served, may make a complaint to a justice of the peace F70. . . for an order that the closure order be discharged. The court may not make an order under subsection (1) unless it is satisfied that the need