that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Duties to preserve evidence relating to conduct matters 12 (1) Where a recordable conduct matter that relates to the conduct of a chief officer comes to the attention of the [F699local policing body] maintaining his force, it shall be the duty of [F700that body] to secure that all such steps as are appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act are taken, both initially and from time to time after that, for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to that matter. (2) Where a chief officer becomes aware of any recordable conduct matter relating to the conduct of a person under his direction and control, it shall be his duty to take all such steps as appear to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to that matter. (3) The chief officerÕs duty under sub-paragraph (2) must be performed as soon as practicable after he becomes aware of the matter in question. (4) After that, he shall be under a duty, until he is satisfied that it is no longer necessary to do so, to continue to take the steps from time to time appearing to him to be appropriate for the purposes of Part 2 of this Act for obtaining and preserving evidence relating to the matter. (5) It shall be the duty of a [F701local policing body] to comply with all such directions as may be given to it by the [F632Director General] in relation to the performance of any duty imposed on it by virtue of sub-paragraph (1). (6) It shall be the duty of the chief officer to take all such specific steps for obtaining or preserving evidence relating to any recordable conduct matter as he may be directed to take for the purposes of this paragraph by the [F702local policing body] maintaining his force or by the [F632Director General]. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð Handling of Complaints and Conduct matters etc. Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 185 Reference of conduct matters to the [F632Director General] 13 (1) It shall be the duty of a [F703local policing body] or a chief officer to refer a recordable conduct matter to the [F632Director General] if, in a case (whether or not falling within paragraph 10) in which [F704the body] or chief officer is the appropriate authorityÑ (a) that matter relates to any incident or circumstances in or in consequence