the Domestic Abuse Commissioner’s Office: Respect: 2021. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic Abuse Domestic abuse can encompass a wide range of behaviours. It can but does not have to involve physical acts of violence and can include threatening behaviour, controlling or coercive behaviour, emotional, psychological, sexual and/or economic abuse. Domestic abuse can involve abuse facilitated and perpetrated online or offline. It is widely recognised that the perpetrator’s desire to exercise power and control over the victim is at the centre of abusive behaviours. Many victims will experience abusive behaviours simultaneously, perpetrators may demonstrate a wide range and use different tactics to gain power and control. Physical abuse, violent or threatening behaviour Physical abuse and violent or threatening behaviour can involve but is not limited to: Being, or threatened to be, kicked, punched, pinched, pushed, dragged, shoved, slapped, scratched, strangled, spat on and bitten; Use, or threats of use, of weapons including knives and irons; Being, or threatened to be, burned, scalded, poisoned, or drowned; Objects being thrown at or in the direction of the victim; Violence, or threats of physical abuse or violence, against family members; Causing harm by damaging or denying access to medical aids or equipment – for example a deaf person may be prevented from communicating in sign language or may have their hearing aids removed; and Harming someone whilst performing ‘caring’ duties, which are often performed by relatives. This is especially relevant for individuals who are heavily dependent on others, such as disabled and older people and may involve force feeding, over-medication, withdrawal of medicine or denying access to medical care. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Section 70 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (‘the 2021 Act’) amends Part 5 of the Serious Crime Act 2015 to create an offence of non-fatal strangulation. Non-fatal strangulation can be used as a form of assault in domestic abuse and a history of strangulation can increase the risk of an eventual fatality.26 Visible marks are not always present; the absence of marks should not undermine an account of non-fatal strangulation. Non-fatal strangulation is often used to instil fear and exert power and control.27 Victims who experience non-fatal strangulation may believe at the time that they will die as a result.28 Loss of consciousness, even temporary, can cause brain damage, this includes long-term neurological damage such as memory loss and facial droop. In addition, loss of consciousness can create an increased risk of miscarriage and stroke. The occurrence of non-fatal strangulation in a sexual context is also addressed within the 2021 Act, see the section on ‘Sexual abuse’.29 Sexual abuse Victims of domestic abuse may experience behaviour that is sexually abusive.30 This abuse can involve: Rape and sexual assaults; Being pressured into sex, or sexual acts, including with other people; Being forced to take part in sexual acts because of threats to others, including children; Unwanted sexual contact or demands; ‘Corrective’ rape (the practice of raping someone