person employed or engaged as a teacher at a school (within the meaning of the Education Act 1996) in WalesÓ. The legislation requires regulated health and social care professionals and teachers in England and Wales to make a report to the police where, in the course of their professional duties, they either: • are informed by a girl under 18 that an act of FGM has been carried out on her; or • observe physical signs which appear to show that an act of FGM has been carried out on a girl under 18 and they have no reason to believe that the act was necessary for the girlÕs physical or mental health or for purposes connected with labour or birth. Reports under the duty should be made as soon as possible after a case is discovered, and best practice is for reports to be made by the close of the next working day. In order to allow for exceptional cases, a maximum timeframe of one month from when the discovery is made37 applies for making reports. However, the expectation is that reports will be made much sooner than this. A longer timeframe than the next working day may be appropriate in exceptional cases where, for example, a professional has concerns that a report to the police is likely to result in an immediate safeguarding risk to the child (or another child, e.g. a sibling) and considers that consultation with colleagues or other agencies is necessary prior to the report being made. Cases of failure to comply with the duty will be dealt with in accordance with the existing performance procedures in place for each profession. FGM is child abuse, and employers and the professional regulators are expected to pay due regard to the seriousness of breaches of the duty. FGM Mandatory Reporting Duty: Additional Resources Information for professionals subject the duty and their employers, including on how to make a report, is available at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/mandatory-reporting-of-female-genital- mutilation-procedural-information Additional information for health care professionals in England is available at: www.gov.uk/government/publications/fgm-mandatory-reporting-in-healthcare 37 As required by section 5B (5)(c) of the 2003 Act (as amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015). 3.4.1 Professionals Not Subject to the Mandatory Reporting Duty While the duty is limited to the specified professionals described above, non- regulated practitioners still have a general responsibility to report cases of FGM, in line with wider safeguarding frameworks. If a non-regulated professional becomes aware that FGM has been carried out on a girl under 18, they should still share this information within their local safeguarding lead, and follow their organisationÕs safeguarding procedures. 3.4.2 Safeguarding Duty in Wales Under the ÔSocial Services and Well-being (Wales) Act 2014: Part 4 Code of Practice- meeting needsÕ (2015) a local authority must provide and keep under review care and support plans for people who have needs which meet the eligibility criteria and for people where it appears to the local authority that it is necessary to meet the personÕs needs in order to protect the