will normally make the application to the court. The search and seizure warrant should be executed by an appropriate person24. It may be the case that the same officer is both an Òappropriate officerÓ and an Òappropriate personÓ and so can undertake both roles. Statutory requirements 77. A search and seizure warrant may be granted under section 352 if either of the requirements for the issuing of the warrant is fulfilled25. The requirements are that a production order has already been made and has not been complied with and there are reasonable grounds for believing that the required material is on the premises specified in the application for the warrant, or that section 353 (requirements where production order not available) is satisfied. 78. Section 353 refers to two sets of conditions for granting a search and seizure warrant in the absence of a production order Ð if either is satisfied, section 353 applies. • The first set of conditions is that there are reasonable grounds for believing the required material is likely to be of substantial value to the investigation and that it is in the public interest for the material to be 24 See section 352(5)(b) as to who is an appropriate person for a civil recovery investigation (but where a production order is not available, see section 353(10)(b)). 25 Section 352(1), (6). obtained having regard to the likely benefit to the investigation, and it would not be appropriate to make a production order becauseÑ o it is not practicable to communicate withÑ • any person against whom the production order could be made, or • any person who would be required to comply with an order to grant entry, or o the investigation might be seriously prejudiced unless immediate access to the material is secured. The first set of conditions might be satisfied, for example, if the person who owns the material, or who controls access to the premises on which the material is held, is abroad and therefore it is not possible to communicate with that person. • The second set of conditions is that there are reasonable grounds for believing that there is required material on the premises which falls within subsection (7)26, there are reasonable grounds for believing that it is in the public interest for the material to be obtained having regard to the likely benefit to the investigation andÑ o it is not practicable to communicate with any person entitled to grant entry to the premises, o entry will not be granted without a warrant, or o the investigation might be seriously prejudiced unless immediate entry to the premises is secured. The second set of conditions might be satisfied, for example, where it is not possible to describe the material (for the purposes of a production order) and access will not be gained without a warrant (e.g. to the residence of the suspect). 26 Material falls within subsection (7) if it cannot be identified at the time of the application but it relates