conditions included, or treated as included, in relevant club premises certificates by virtue of section 73A and this section cease to have effect so far as they cease to be specified under this section in relation to those certificates. Any conditions treated as mentioned in subsection (4)(b) cease to be so treated so far as they cease to be specified under this section in relation to the relevant club premises certificates concerned. So far as conditions cease to be treated as mentioned in subsection (4)(b), the existing conditions revive. Subsections (5) to (7) are subject to any alternative transitional or saving provision made by the order revoking the specification. In this section— “existing relevant club premises certificate”, in relation to an order, means a relevant club premises certificate granted before the coming into force of the order and in effect, or capable of having effect, on its coming into force, “future relevant club premises certificate”, in relation to an order, means a relevant club premises certificate granted on or after the coming into force of the order, “relevant club premises certificate” means a club premises certificate authorising the supply of alcohol to members or guests.” SCHEDULE 5 Section 46 Injunctions: powers to remand Introductory (1) The provisions of this Schedule apply where the court has power to remand a person under section 43(5) or 44(4). 168 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Schedule 5 – Injunctions: powers to remand Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes In this Schedule, “the court” means the [F62High Court, ][F63the county] court [F64or a youth court] and includes— in relation to the High Court, a judge of that court, F65... in relation to [F63the county] court, a judge F66... of that court[F67, and in relation to a youth court, a judge of that court.] Remand in custody or on bail (1) The court may— [F68in the case of a person aged 18 or over ] remand the person in custody, that is, commit the person to custody to be brought before the court at the end of the period of remand or at such earlier time as the court may require, or remand the person on bail. The court may remand the person on bail— by taking from the person a recognizance, with or without sureties, conditioned as provided in paragraph 3, or by fixing the amount of the recognizances with a view to their being taken subsequently and, in the meantime, committing the person to custody as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1)(a). Where a person is brought before the court after remand, the court