prevent the occurrence, recurrence or continuance ofÑ (a) disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour on the premises, (b) serious nuisance to members of the public resulting from the use of the premises, or (c) disorder near the premises associated with the use of the premises. Appeals 84 Appeals (1) An appeal against a decision to make or extend a closure order may be made byÑ (a) a person on whom the closure notice was served under section 79; (b) anyone else who has an interest in the premises but on whom the closure notice was not served. (2) A constable may appeal againstÑ (a) a decision not to make a closure order applied for by a constable; (b) a decision not to extend a closure order made on the application of a constable; (c) a decision (under section 81) not to order the continuation in force of a closure notice issued by a constable. (3) A local authority may appeal againstÑ (a) a decision not to make a closure order applied for by that authority; (b) a decision not to extend a closure order made on the application of that authority; (c) a decision (under section 81) not to order the continuation in force of a closure notice issued by that authority. (4) An appeal under this section is to the Crown Court. (5) An appeal under this section must be made within the period of 21 days beginning with the date of the decision to which it relates. (6) On an appeal under this section the Crown Court may make whatever order it thinks appropriate. (7) The Crown Court must notify the relevant licensing authority if it makes a closure order in relation to premises in respect of which a premises licence is in force. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 61 PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Enforcement 85 Enforcement of closure orders (1) An authorised person mayÑ (a) enter premises in respect of which a closure order is in force; (b) do anything necessary to secure the premises against entry. (2) In this section Òauthorised personÓÑ (a) in relation to a closure order made on the application of a constable, means a constable or a person authorised by the chief officer of police for the area in which the premises are situated; (b) in relation to a closure order made on the application of a local authority, means a person authorised by that authority. (3) A