(5). (7) Only one person is authorised to act at any one time by virtue of a designation by the chief constable. (8) The chief constable must consult the relevant police and crime commissioner before making a designation for the purposes of subsection (2)(b) or (5). (9) This section is without prejudice to any other enactment that makes provision for a person other than the chief constable to exercise the chief constable's functions. (10) In a case where a deputy chief constable or assistant chief constable (the Òacting chief constableÓ) is authorised by subsection (1)(a) or (5) to exercise or perform functions of a chief constableÑ (a) section 38(2) and (3) apply in relation to the acting chief constable as they apply in relation to the chief constable (and references to chief constables in those provisions, and in other enactments relating to those provisions, are to be read accordingly); and (b) section 39(4) and (5) or section 40(3) and (4) do not apply in relation to the acting chief constable. (11) In this sectionÑ (a) Òpolice forceÓ means the police force for a police area listed in Schedule 1 to the Police Act 1996 (police areas outside London); (b) a reference to a period when the chief constable is unable to exercise functions is a reference to a period whenÑ (i) the chief constable is absent, incapacitated or suspended from duty, or (ii) the office of chief constable is vacant; (c) a reference to a period when a deputy chief constable is unable to exercise functions is a reference to a period whenÑ (i) the deputy chief constable, or each of the deputy chief constables, is absent, incapacitated or suspended from duty, or (ii) the office of deputy chief constable, or of each deputy chief constable, is vacant. The metropolitan police force 42 Appointment of Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis (1) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is to be appointed by Her Majesty by warrant under Her sign manual. (2) A constable holds office as the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis at Her Majesty's pleasure. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 41 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (3) The Secretary of State may not recommend to Her Majesty that She appoint a person as the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis unless that person [F18is eligible for appointment]; and, before making such a recommendation, the Secretary of State must have regard to any recommendations made by the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. [F19(3A) A person is eligible for appointment if the person is or has beenÑ (a) a constable in any part of the United Kingdom, or (b) a police