or any large quantity under 5(1)(b), or military/ordnance articles under that section, the following should be considered, as appropriate: a) vehicle access Ð the premises should wherever possible be designed so that no external door has to remain open to allow the delivery or collection of section 5 items. Ideally, it should be that a securable area in front of the delivery door is entered and then secured before entry is allowed into the main building. This will prevent unauthorised or criminal entry into the premises whilst staff are working. b) where necessary for the security of the types/quantities of section 5 items on the premises, the intruder alarm should be linked to a CCTV system that can be monitored at all times by remote signalling at the alarm monitoring station and during operating hours by the staff on site. Cameras should be located to view all access to the premises, the internal area and armoury, and other areas at risk not otherwise visible to staff. c) Intruder alarm system should be installed to BS EN 50131-2-2:2017 this covers Alarm systems. Intrusion and hold-up systems. Intrusion detectors. Passive infrared detectors. a) PART 5: HOME OFFICE APPROVED RIFLE & MUZZLE LOADING PISTOL CLUBS, AND CADET CORPS 5.1 Non-residential club premises where firearms are stored should have secure storage that is commensurate with the number of firearms the club will hold. The standard should equate to at least the appropriate level expected for domestic property. This level of security should depend on the individual risk factors. 5.2 Where there is residential occupation, account must be taken of the security and safety of the residents in formulating the appropriate level of protection. 5.3 In considering the storage volume, it is important to establish the maximum number of firearms owned by the club and/or those of members that are kept there either permanently, or in temporary storage. This should include, for example, those firearms normally held by members at home, but lodged at the club premises during a holiday. 5.4 A gun room should be established within non-residential clubhouses, or a stand-alone unit such as an armoury may be considered. Details for this provision are in Annex A. 5.5 A gun room should be within a building of substantial construction, e.g. brick, concrete etc. If the clubhouse is of other construction, e.g. timber etc., then the provision of a structure to armoury specification, as detailed in Annex A, could be considered. 5.6 Provision may be made for the separate securing of membersÕ firearms within the gun room/armoury if appropriate. It should be made clear to each individual certificate holder that they are responsible for the security of their own firearms, and that this responsibility cannot be delegated to the club. 5.7 The above may be met by the provision of locked cabinets or racks, or of an armourer issue system. Cadet Force Premises 5.8 The Ministry of Defence controls Cadet Force and Combined Cadet Force premises. The security for single Cadet Force units is