abetting, counselling or procuring the commission of an offence specified or described in this Schedule. Scope of offences 31 Where this Schedule refers to offences which are offences under the law of England and Wales and another country or territory, the reference is to be read as limited to the offences so far as they are offences under the law of England and Wales.Ó SCHEDULE 4 Section 104 ASB CASE REVIEWS: SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISION PART 1 MAKING AND REVISING REVIEW PROCEDURES ETC Consultation: local policing bodies 1 (1) In making and revising the review procedures, the relevant bodies in a local government area must consult the local policing body for the relevant police area. (2) The Òrelevant police areaÓ is the police area which consists of, or includes, the local government area. Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 4 Ð ASB case reviews: supplementary provision Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 185 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Consultation: local providers of social housing 2 In making and revising the review procedures, the relevant bodies in a local government area must consult such local providers of social housing as they consider appropriate. Dissatisfaction with ASB case reviews 3 The review procedures must include provision about what is to happen where an applicant is dissatisfied with the way in which the relevant bodies haveÑ (a) dealt with an application for an ASB case review, or (b) carried out an ASB case review. Assessment and revision of review procedures 4 The review procedures must include provision aboutÑ (a) the assessment of the effectiveness of those procedures, and (b) the revision of those procedures. PART 2 INCLUSION OF LOCAL PROVIDERS OF SOCIAL HOUSING AMONG RELEVANT BODIES Co-option arrangements 5 (1) The responsible authorities in a local government area must make arrangements (Òco- option arrangementsÓ) for the inclusion of local providers of social housing among the relevant bodies in that area. (2) In this paragraph Òresponsible authoritiesÓ meansÑ (a) in relation to a local government area in EnglandÑ (i) the relevant district council or the unitary authority, (ii) the chief officer of police for the police area which that local government area is within, and [F79(iii) each integrated care board established under section 14Z25 of the National Health Service Act 2006 whose area is wholly or partly within that local government area;] 186 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 4 Ð ASB case reviews: supplementary provision Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is