children, and perpetrators. This includes looking holistically at an individual’s case and circumstances to identify appropriate multi-agency support. All agencies have a duty to assess whether a safeguarding response is required before referring an incident to a multi-agency partnership. Co-locating specialist domestic abuse services or providers can be an effective way of multi-agency working. For example, some local areas have Independent Domestic Violence Advisors (IDVAs) based in police stations and hospitals.205 Co-location can be particularly effective in supporting those who have experienced domestic abuse, where there may be a stigma around accessing services. Standing Together have produced In Search of Excellence, a guide for facilitating Coordinated Community Response (CCR) partnerships that reiterates the importance of coordination work amongst frontline provision.206 The Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (‘the 2021 Act’) established in law the office of the Domestic Abuse Commissioner (DAC), to provide public leadership on domestic abuse issues, play a key role in overseeing and monitoring the provision of domestic abuse services in England and Wales and promote best practice, including in multi-agency working.207 Multi-agency working should be embedded into approaches to responding to domestic abuse and should offer a range of interventions and support, from early intervention to support for high-risk cases through formalised safeguarding arrangements. These responses can include but are not limited to: Advice and guidance; Advocacy; Onward referrals or signposting to other agencies or services; Housing support; Financial advice and assistance; One-to-One or group counselling; Respite care; Child protection plans; 205 The Pathfinder Toolkit includes a section on the co-location of health based IDVAs. 206 Standing Together also provide a CCR Network hub for sharing best practice including information on professional training. 207 The Home Office, in consultation with the Domestic Abuse Commissioner, developed a framework document within which the Commissioner will operate. The Welsh Ministers have also been consulted as required under section 11(7) of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021. The purpose of the document, which is issued under section 11 of the Act, is to set out how the Home Secretary and the Domestic Abuse Commissioner will work together. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Safety and support plans; Support through a criminal justice process, or civil court case; Drug and alcohol support; and Perpetrator behaviour change programmes. A Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub (MASH) is one way of coordinating activity around safeguarding referrals, assessments and joined-up responses. Other local areas may call multi-agency safeguarding structures something different. These bring together expert professionals from a range of services that have contact with children, young people, adults and families, making the best possible use of their combined knowledge and information to safeguard children who are at risk of harm or neglect. Many local areas have a MASH or other fora, with the aim of providing a ‘one front door’ model, where professionals gather information and make decisions about which pathways to follow for different contacts and referrals. This may lead to an assessment by children’s social care, early help or a response from universal services. Where local areas