a longer term period. For example, will present coastal defences be sufficient over a longer term horizon. A suggested timeframe for longer term risk contextualisation is 20 years. The National Security Risk Assessment, first published in 2010, evaluates risk over the same timescale and can be drawn upon to inform longer term contextualisation. Other factors that may define the time frame of longer term contextualization include the expected service lifetime of buildings, plants and equipment. This consideration of longer term risk drivers, is not a statutory part of the risk assessment process and should be included at the discretion of the LRF. 4.39. When overall risk scores are calculated at a later stage, events that are low in likelihood but high in impact will not score highly, implying a need for planning cannot be justified (e.g. asteroids hitting the earth). This is not to say that all low likelihood, high impact events should be excluded, but a careful judgment is needed about the likelihood below which events will be excluded from the assessment. It would be good practice to maintain a register of excluded risks as an appendix to the CRR; this would allow Category 1 responders to demonstrate that certain risks were considered at the outset but were then discounted for specified reasons (e.g. an assumption that the likelihood was so small that the hazard did not warrant further attention). 4.26. 4.40. The responsibilities of the lead assessors would be to: o assess the likelihood and impact of each hazard, based on the knowledge of RAWG members, the generic likelihood assessment (where available) and any other relevant information; o liaise with the relevant government departments or agencies, as required; o document assessments using the individual risk assessment example (Annex 4C), which will support the CRR, containing more detailed information on the assessment; o present the likelihood assessment to the LRF and make changes as necessary; o capture the results of the LRF risk assessment in the CRR; and o ensure that the assessment is adequately described in the CRR. Box 4.4: Local Risk Assessment Guidance (LRAG) Category 1 responders will receive Local Risk Assessment Guidance containing information on the likelihood and impact of generic threats and hazards. This guidance will be agreed each year in a process co- ordinated by the Cabinet Office Civil Contingencies Secretariat and involving representatives from the departments and agencies responsible for providing the assessments, as well as representatives of the local emergency planners, including first responders. It will be made available by the Cabinet Office in England, and the Welsh Government in Wales. (For further detail on arrangements in the devolved administrations, see paragraphs 4.15-4.24.) The framework is continually updated; Category 1 and 2 responders and other relevant parties are encouraged to put forward suggestions for improvements to the guidance. These will be fed back to the originating departments who will, where possible, reflect these suggestions in future versions of the guidance. Step 3: Risk analysis Threats Assessing the likelihood of threats 4.41. Category