from busy medical staff. Metropolitan Police – The IDVA is co-located with the Safeguarding Unit to respond quickly to reports of high-risk domestic abuse incidences thereby providing earlier intervention and safety plans. Freedom Programme – a 12-week programme designed to empower female victims of domestic abuse. Hounslow One Stop Shop – A designated venue offering a free weekly drop-in providing information and advice from a variety of partners to victims of VAWG. Partnerships with housing services, welfare benefits advisers, family law solicitors, immigration solicitors, children’s support workers, ethnic minority support workers and IDVAs working together to support families in Hounslow. Children affected by domestic abuse project – provides a coordinated early help response delivering improved outcomes for children and families affected by domestic abuse. The project supports Operation Encompass which notifies schools within 24 hours after police have responded to an incident where a pupil is residing at the address. Specialist Parent and Child Domestic Abuse Workers (PCDAWs), co-located in schools, receive all notifications and work with the schools to provide holistic therapeutic support to children and non-abusive parents. They also work with non- abusive parents empowering them to make informed choices and supporting them to help address their child’s needs. The PCDAWs liaise regularly with the Designated Safeguarding Leads within the schools, enhancing the support that schools can offer children affected by domestic abuse. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Designing interventions and responses around the needs of victims The voice and needs of victims, including children, needs to be embedded in a multi-agency response. Services designed around the needs of victims, and grounded in victim experience, means victims are more likely to stay engaged in the process.209 Agencies should: Consider the needs of all local communities using local demographic data to understand the make-up of the area and make appropriate provision, including in rural communities and for those who face additional barriers to seeking and engaging with the support available, such as language, mobility, physical disability, learning difficulties or social attitudes. This could include, for example, building sustainable and trusting relationships across faith and cultural allies in the community to ensure the needs of victims are represented – see The Safety Across Faith and Ethnic (SAFE) Communities project from domestic abuse charity Standing Together as an example of good practice in this area. An equality impact assessment should be developed and reviewed regularly, including to evaluate the effectiveness of approaches against intended aims, with input from service users and specialists to identify barriers and provide responses experienced by some groups. Religious, community or cultural institutions should always prioritise the welfare of victims. Listen to the views and experiences of victims and their family members. This process should be embedded in the multi-agency response and should consider how best to reach all victims, including children and young people who may face additional barriers accessing services or making their voice heard. Their views should be used to assess the risk that the perpetrator(s) of the abuse pose(s) to other family