findings of your fire risk assessment, it may be necessary to protect the escape routes against fire and smoke by upgrading the construction of the floors, ceiling and walls to a fire-resisting standard. You should avoid having combustible wall and ceiling linings in your escape routes. For further information see Appendix B. You may need to seek advice from a competent person. Any structural alterations may require building regulation approval. The number of escape routes and exits In general there should normally be at least two escape routes from all parts of the premises but a single escape route may be acceptable in some circumstances (e.g. part of your premises accommodating less than 60 people or where travel distances are limited). Where two escape routes are necessary and to further minimise the risk of people becoming trapped, you should ensure that the escape routes are completely independent of each other. This will prevent a fire affecting more than one escape route at the same time. When evaluating escape routes, you may need to build in a safety factor by discounting the largest exit from your escape plan, then determine whether the remaining escape routes from a room, floor or building will be sufficient to evacuate all the occupants within a reasonable time. Escape routes that provide escape in a single direction only may need additional fire precautions to be regarded as adequate. 24 Exit doors on escape routes and final exit doors should normally open in the direction of travel, and be quickly and easily openable without the need for a key. Checks should be made to ensure final exits are wide enough to accommodate the number of people who may use the escape routes they serve. Management of escape routes It is essential that escape routes, and the means provided to ensure they are used safely, are managed and maintained to ensure that they remain usable and available at all times when the premises are occupied. Inform staff in training sessions about the escape routes within the premises. Corridors and stairways that form part of escape routes should be kept clear and hazard free at all times. Items that may be a source of fuel or pose an ignition risk should not normally be located on any corridor or stairway that will be used as an escape route. Further guidance is available in Part 2, Section 4. Figure 9: A blocked corridor with incorrect signage Emergency evacuation of persons with mobility impairment The means of escape you provide must be suitable for the evacuation of everyove likely to be in your premises. This may require additional planning and allocation of staff roles Ð with appropriate training. Provsions for the emergency evacuation of disabled persons may include: • stairways; • evacuation lifts; • firefighting lifts; • horizontal evacuation; • refuges; and • ramps. Use of these facilities will need to be linked to effective management arrangements as part of your emergency plan. The plan should not rely on fire and