as follows. (2) In subsection (1), after Òsection 5Ó insert Ò , with subsection (1A), Ó. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) In exercising functions under subsection (1), apart from devolved Welsh functions (as defined by section 5(8)), each of the responsible authorities for a local government area must have regard to the police and crime objectives set out in the police and crime plan for the police area which comprises or includes that local government area.Ó. (4) In subsection (3) after paragraph (c) insertÑ Ò(ca) the conferring of functions on a police and crime commissioner for a police area in England in relation to the formulation and implementation of a strategy for any local government area that lies in that police area;Ó. (5) After subsection (4) insertÑ (2) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 11 Ð Crime and disorder strategies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 217 Ò(4A) Provision under subsection (3)(ca) may include provisionÑ (a) for a police and crime commissioner to arrange for meetings to be held for the purpose of assisting in the formulation and implementation of any strategy (or strategies) that the commissioner may specify that relate to any part of the police area of the commissioner, (b) for the commissioner to chair the meetings, and (c) for such descriptions and numbers of persons to attend the meetings as the commissioner may specify (including, in particular, representatives of the responsible authorities in relation to the strategies to be discussed at the meetings).Ó. 5 (1) Section 7 (supplemental) is amended as follows. (2) In subsection (1)Ñ (a) for ÒSecretary of StateÓ (in the first place) substitute Ò relevant local policing body for that area Ó, (b) for Òthe Secretary of StateÓ (in the second place) substitute Ò that body Ó, and (c) after Òsection 6 aboveÓ insert Ò , apart from devolved Welsh functions (as defined by section 5(8)), Ó. (3) After subsection (1) insertÑ Ò(1A) The relevant local policing body in relation to a local government area may require a report under subsection (1) only ifÑ (a) the body is not satisfied that the responsible authorities for the area are carrying out their functions under section 6 in an effective and efficient manner, and (b) the body considers it reasonable and proportionate in all the circumstances to require a report.Ó (4) In subsection (3)Ñ (a) for ÒSecretary of StateÓ substitute Ò relevant local policing body Ó, and (b) for ÒhimÓ substitute Ò the body Ó. (5) After subsection (3) insertÑ Ò(4) Relevant local policing bodyÓ, in relation to a local government area, meansÑ (a) if the area (or any part of it) falls within the police area of a police and crime commissioner, the commissioner, (b) if the area (or any part of it) falls within the metropolitan