that is to say revoke those parts of certificates that relate to the possession or acquisition of particular firearms or ammunition, if they are satisfied that the holder no longer has a Ògood reasonÓ for having in his possession, or for purchasing or acquiring, the firearms or ammunition concerned to which the partial revocation relates. Where this is necessary, the chief officer should normally give notice of intention, as they would with a full revocation, citing the reasons for the revocation. Note that there is no power of partial Òrefusal to renewÓ. The section 12(1) power will be applicable if there is a revocation under 30A(2),(3) or (4) or section 30C after a partial revocation under section 30B. But if there has only been a partial revocation under section 30B, then the power in section 12(1) of the 1988 Act wonÕt apply. Section 12(1) is expressed as a discretion i.e. the chief officer of 84 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law police may require the certificate holder to surrender the certificate and firearms immediately, but the chief officer of police is not duty bound to do so. 10.44 The certificate holder has a right of appeal and the police can only retain the firearms and ammunition if they have been surrendered due to a notice served under section 12(1) of the 1988 Act. Otherwise the firearms and ammunition will need to be released during an appeal period to a suitably authorised person acting on behalf of the owner. Section 12(1) of the 1988 Act does not apply in a case where the certificate has been partially revoked under section 30B of the 1968 Act. If the appeal against revocation succeeds, any firearms and ammunition surrendered by virtue of section 12(1) must be returned to the appellant at the earliest opportunity. On the dismissal of an appeal, the court may make such order for disposal of any surrendered firearm as it thinks fit. Unless such an order is made, the applicant retains title to the firearms. Care should be taken in the transport and storage of guns concerned, which may have considerable monetary value in some cases. 10.45 If no appeal is brought, or if the appeal is abandoned, the firearms and ammunition should be disposed of in a manner agreed with the owner, who retains title. In the absence of an agreement chief officers of police must take all reasonable steps to ensure the guns are deposited with a suitably authorised person so that the owner can decide on whether to store or realise value etc. Disposals and failure to take reasonable steps may leave chief officers liable to charges of conversion. Should all reasonable avenues be exhausted, the police must then give the owner notice in writing of how they intend to dispose of the firearms and ammunition and the owner may appeal against the decision of revocation or partial revocation in accordance with section 44 of the 1968 Act. The court may then either dismiss the appeal or make