section applies in relation to an injunction under section 34. The injunction may not include a prohibition or requirement that has effect after the end of the period of 2 years beginning with the day on which the injunction is granted (“the injunction date”). 32 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes The court may order the applicant and the respondent to attend one or more review hearings on a specified date or dates. If any prohibition or requirement in the injunction is to have effect after the end of the period of 1 year beginning with the injunction date, the court must order the applicant and the respondent to attend a review hearing on a specified date within the last 4 weeks of the 1 year period (whether or not the court orders them to attend any other review hearings). [F13(4A) Where— the respondent is under the age of 18 on the injunction date, and any prohibition or requirement in the injunction is to have effect after the respondent reaches that age and for at least the period of four weeks beginning with the respondent's 18th birthday, the court must order the applicant and the respondent to attend a review hearing on a specified date within that period.] A review hearing is a hearing held for the purpose of considering whether the injunction should be varied or discharged. The court may attach a power of arrest in relation to— any prohibition in the injunction, or any requirement in the injunction, other than one which has the effect of requiring the respondent to participate in particular activities. If the court attaches a power of arrest, it may specify that the power is to have effect for a shorter period than the prohibition or requirement to which it relates. Applications Applications for injunctions under section 34 An application for an injunction under section 34 may be made by— the chief officer of police for a police area, the chief constable of the British Transport Police Force, or a local authority. In this Part “local authority” means— in relation to England, a district council, a county council, a London borough council, the Common Council of the City of London or the Council of the Isles of Scilly; in relation to Wales, a county council or a county borough council. Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) 33 Part 4 – Injunctions: gang-related violence and drug-dealing activity Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions