the Data Subject should be advised on their Ôright of appealÕ to the Information Commissioner. 2.8 Fees The majority of Right of Access Requests will not involve a fee. Information will be provided free of charge to any individual making a Right of Access Request unless: • The request is manifestly unreasonable, excessive or unfounded • The request asks for a further copy of information which has already been disclosed Any fees deemed relevant by Wiltshire Police will be based on the administrative cost of providing the information only. In the event that Wiltshire Police deem a fee to be chargeable in response to a Right of Access Request, the Data Subject will be advised in writing by FDU within 28 days of receipt of the request. The disclosure will not be facilitated until such time as the required fee is received by Wiltshire Police. Disclosures provided in response to initial Right of Access Requests to Wiltshire Police and which are facilitated via Egress or by the data subject collecting in person will be provided free of charge unless they are deemed to be excessive. Subsequent requests made by the same applicant for the same information within a 60 day period will attract a reasonable disbursements charge. Data Subject requested hard copy disclosures will be sent to the applicant via special delivery to ensure safe receipt of the requested information. Such delivery method will require the applicant to be available to sign for the delivery. The cost of providing information by this method will be charged to the applicant. The minimum cost for special delivery is £6.50 (this charge increases to £7.30 for larger parcels) and this fee will be applied to all requests involving postal delivery. The fee must be paid prior to any disclosure being facilitated. 2.9 Requests for Conviction Information Held on the Police National Computer Requests for copies of conviction records or copies of any information held on the Police National Computer (PNC) will be facilitated by ACRO Criminal Records Office and NOT Wiltshire Police. Such requests should be made directly to the ACRO Criminal Records Office as per the details on their website: https://www.acro.police.uk/Subject-access Any request for PNC records received by Wiltshire Police will be rejected and the applicant advised to redirect their request to the ACRO Criminal Records Office. 2.10 Other Means of Disclosure Decision makers should be aware of other disclosure routes and, where appropriate, direct applicants to the correct / most appropriate disclosure regime. Examples include: • DBS disclosure for employment is facilitated through the Disclosure and Barring Service. • Requests for copies of Custody Records and interview recordings under PACE are facilitated through custody. • Victim updates in relation to on-going criminal investigations are facilitated in line with the Victims Code of Practice through Horizon. • 2.11 Calls to Control Room/FDU asking for Incident/Occurrence Numbers When a member of the public calls up for basic information such as an incident or crime number; providing you are satisfied that they are the