baby is due or the week a child has been matched with you for adoption). These entitlements apply to individuals who adopt or one member of a couple adopting jointly. The entitlement is for two weeks paid at Statutory Paternity Pay (equivalent to the standard rate of SMP) (providing you have the 26 weeksÕ qualifying service) However, Wiltshire Police enhance this entitlement by providing the first week of Maternity and Adoption Support Leave at full pay to all individuals regardless of your length of service. This procedure will apply to both Police Officers and Police Staff unless otherwise indicated. 8.3 Eligibility To be eligible for Maternity & Adoption Support Leave you must: • Have responsibility for the childÕs upbringing • Be the biological father of the child, the motherÕs husband or partner or be a nominated carer • Be the partner or nominated carer of an adoptive parent • Be the partner of the dual approved adopter or, in the case of joint dual approved adoptions, the parent who will not take adoption leave and pay • Be one of the Parental Order parents (the parent that doesnÕt take adoption leave and pay). A nominated carer is the person nominated by the mother / adoptive parent as your primary provider of support at or around the time of the birth or placement for adoption. In most cases such care and support would be provided by the father; however the role may otherwise be fulfilled by a relative or someone who has a caring relationship with the mother and/or child. 8.4 Notification In order to qualify for leave and pay, you must provide notification in writing of the week you intend your maternity & adoption support leave to start as soon as practicable, or in the case of adoption, no later than 7 days of receiving notification of being matched with a child using Form MS1. You must tell us when the baby is due / when the child will be placed with you, whether you wish to take one week or two consecutive weeks leave and when you would like this leave to start. You must also subsequently provide notification of the childÕs actual birth date and confirmation of support leave dates. NB: It is essential that all periods of Maternity and Adoption Support Leave are reported to Payroll Helpdesk and People Service Centre by way of a form 232 to enable Wiltshire Police to claim back government allowances. 8.5 Support Leave You can take either one or two consecutive weeksÕ maternity & adoption support leave at or around the time of birth or placement. It cannot be taken as odd days. Maternity & Adoption Support Leave is for each birth event or placement. e.g.: There is no right to 3 lots of leave for triplets. Leave must be taken during the period of 56 days (8 weeks) beginning with the date on which the child is born, or the first day of the expected week of childbirth, whichever is