bolts to be of not less than 20mm by 40mm cross-sectional. The upper bolts should be positioned at or above the level of the hinge; with lower hinge bolts at or below the level of the lower hinge. The number of hinge bolts fitted should be dependent on the height of the door, but in no case should there be fewer than two. Where there are more than two, it is desirable that they be equally spaced; h) the door must fit flush with the walls and any gaps around the door must be the minimum necessary to permit the door to open and close freely; i) some manufacturers fit internal hinges. The design of these hinges should be such that they must not straighten if subjected to a lever-attack on the hinge side of the door with suitable hinge and the means by which it may be fixed to the door surround. It should be noted that, in order to provide additional strength, the hinge is also welded to the adjacent parts of the steel angle stiffening pieces; a) j) at least two hinges must be fitted. Doors with a height of 1.5m or over should be fitted with three hinges, whether they be internal or external; k) the doors should be secured by at least two mortice locks as specified for steel doors in buildings constructed as armouries. l) each lock should be enclosed within a steel lock pocket, fabricated and fitted as specified for steel doors in buildings constructed as armouries; m) the end of the lock bolt should be protected by means of a piece of 6mm steel angle or plate welded across the door surround stiffening angle in such a position to prevent an attack on the bolt. n) door handles should be of weak construction to prevent their being used to assist in an attack on the door. 70. Where for safety reasons a steel unit must be ventilated, the simplest form of ventilation is a number of 5mm diameter holes drilled through the front and rear walls of the unit. Whatever form of ventilation is used, it should be protected by a 6mm thick steel cover-plate welded to the outside of the walls, covering the area of the ventilation holes and open only at the bottom. 71. All steel armouries should be lined with timber walls, floor and ceiling, of at least flooring strength, fitted to timber bearers to allow at least 75mm air gap between steel wall and inner surface. Where increased resistance is deemed necessary, a metal mesh liner as previously defined can be installed between timber walls and the backs of any racks or weapon cabinets fitted inside the armoury. 72. The following requirements are applicable to Armouries of any construction where circumstances warrant an enhanced level of security. Internal Firearms Security: within any armoury there should be provided a system for secure separation of individual person's firearms, where there is more than one user. This may be achieved by: