to apply for urgent wardship order within court hours, contact should be made with the security office at the Royal Courts of Justice (020 7947 6000 or 020 7947 6260)74 who will refer the matter to the urgent business officer. The urgent business officer can contact the duty judge. The judge may agree to hold a hearing, either convened at court or elsewhere, or by telephone75. Paragraph 16 of Schedule 2 to the 2003 Act makes it clear that there is no effect on: • the inherent jurisdiction of the High Court; • any criminal liability; • any civil remedies under the Protection from Harassment Act 1997; • any right to an occupation order or a non-molestation order under Part 4 of the Family Law Act 1996; • any right to a forced marriage protection order under Part 4A of that Act; • any protection or assistance under the Children Act 1989; or • any claim in tort if making an application for a FGM Protection Order. 73 Rule 12.36(1) of the Family procedure Rules 2010. 74 www.justice.gov.uk/courts/procedure-rules/family/practice_directions/pd_part_12e 75 Practice Direction 12E (Urgent business) www.justice.gov.uk/courts/procedure- rules/family/practice_directions/pd_part_12e Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 69 E.6. Repatriation When a British national seeks assistance at a British Embassy or High Commission overseas and wishes to return to the UK, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) will do what it can to assist or repatriate the individual. Sometimes the FCO may ask the police or social services for assistance when a British national is being repatriated to the UK from overseas. In many cases a victim of FGM may be extremely vulnerable: because of their age, the country in which they are located or their personal circumstance. If the FCO is able to repatriate them, it may not be able to give the police or social services much, if any, notice of the personÕs arrival due to the urgency of the situation. Sometimes a person may have risked their life to escape and their family may go to considerable lengths to find them. She may be extremely traumatised and frightened. These factors can make individuals particularly vulnerable when they return to the UK and it is likely that urgent multi-agency consideration of the level of risk faced by a victim of FGM will be appropriate. Many FGM cases involve children under the age of 16. In such cases, in order to assist the victim to return to the UK, the support and assistance of UK agencies (such as police and social services) will be essential and assistance from overseas authorities seized with safeguarding duties is also likely to be necessary. In some countries this could be the police, but in others it may be the Ministry for Children or even Health. Supporting repatriation of FGM victims under 16 without the support of at least one person with parental responsibility or the safeguarding authorities in- country may be very difficult and drawn out. Remember: • The FCO does not ask victims of FGM