risks of polypharmacy, particularly in elderly residents of long-term care facilities across Florida, who face a heightened risk for harmful drug interactions with multiple prescription medications.2 FPRI will prioritize pharmacist-led medication reviews, where pharmacists conduct quarterly assessments, utilize their expertise in drug interactions, engage patients in discussions about side effects and treatment goals, and with prescribing doctors providing final oversight. The initiative will use a multi-faceted publicity strategy for effective outreach. It incorporates mandatory Medication Therapy Management services, standardized deprescribing protocols, and statewide public awareness campaigns. Provider-directed financial incentives would encourage deprescribing only when healthcare providers, such as physicians or pharmacists, determine that medications may be unnecessary or harmful. This approach safeguards low-income elderly patients from any pressure to stop beneficial treatments. Policy Analysis Mandatory pharmacist-led medication reviews every three months are crucial for identifying and removing unnecessary or harmful medications, particularly for elderly patients in long-term care settings. A UPMC study found that over four years, integrating pharmacists into primary care teams improves medication management and fosters trust among healthcare providers and patients.7 Pharmacists enhance patient outcomes by identifying and resolving medication therapy problems, including nonadherence, which accounts for up to $289 billion in U.S. healthcare costs annually.8 This interprofessional approach promotes coordinated care among providers, patients, and caregivers while promoting improved care for elderly patients who can advocate more consistently for their medication treatment plan.9 Mandatory Medication Therapy can include financial incentives for healthcare providers who prescribe unnecessary medications, further promoting safer prescribing and more collaboration between pharmacists and providers.10 Deprescribing is a patient- centered approach tailoring medication regimens to individual needs. Standardized deprescribing guidelines, developed by a task force of geriatricians, pharmacists, and specialists, would offer providers safe pathways for reducing unnecessary medications. A statewide public awareness campaign would inform seniors and caregivers about the risks of polypharmacy and offer resources for advocating medication reviews. FPRI is comparable to programs established in other states, such as New York. The United Hospital Fund, supported by the Mother Cabrini Health Foundation and TD Bank Charitable Foundation, has collaborated with seven nursing homes in New York City, where participants implemented quality improvement interventions to reduce polypharmacy.11 Their work proved effective in deprescribing practices and decreasing inappropriate medication use, ultimately improving health outcomes for elders in nursing homes.11 The program has begun the next phase based on the first phaseÕs success. By expanding these evidence-based practices statewide, the different initiatives outlined in FPRI can mitigate the dangers of polypharmacy and improve healthcare outcomes for FloridaÕs elderly population. Highlights • Polypharmacy, defined as the use of five or more medications at once, is common among older adults, who account for over one-third of outpatient prescriptions in the U.S. This practice is linked to increased adverse drug reactions, hospitalizations, and healthcare costs, which ultimately lower the quality of life.1,2,3,4,5 • To address these issues, the Florida Department of Health should implement the Florida Polypharmacy Reduction Initiative (FPRI), which includes quarterly pharmacist-led medication reviews, mandatory Medicare Medication Therapy Management, standardized deprescribing protocols, and public