of the police workforce, or a particular description of such persons, that the Secretary of State considers appropriate, so far as these matters relate to the fact that the persons concerned are members or former members of the police workforce. (3) In preparing a police covenant report the Secretary of State must have regard in particular toÑ (a) the obligations of and sacrifices made by members of the police workforce, and (b) the principle that it is desirable to remove any disadvantage for members or former members of the police workforce arising from their membership or former membership. (4) In preparing a police covenant report the Secretary of State must ensure that the views ofÑ (a) any relevant government department, and (b) anyone else the Secretary of State considers appropriate, are sought in relation to the matters to be covered by the report. (5) A police covenant report must set out in full or summarise any views obtained under subsection (4). (6) The Secretary of State may not include in a police covenant report a summary under subsection (5) unless the person whose views are summarised has approved the summary. (7) A police covenant report must state whether, in the Secretary of StateÕs opinion, in respect of any matter covered by the report, members or former members of the police workforce, or a particular description of such persons, are at a disadvantage when compared with other persons or such descriptions of other persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 3 PART 1 Ð Protection of the police etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (8) Where the Secretary of StateÕs opinion is that there is any such disadvantage as mentioned in subsection (7), the report must set out the Secretary of StateÕs response to that. (9) In this sectionÑ Òfinancial yearÓ meansÑ (a) the period which begins with the day on which this section comes into force and ends with the following 31 March, and (b) each successive period of 12 months; Òmembers of the police workforceÓ meansÑ (a) members of police forces in England and Wales, (b) special constables appointed under section 27 of the Police Act 1996, (c) staff appointed by the chief officer of police of a police force in England and Wales, (d) persons designated as community support volunteers or policing support volunteers under section 38 of the Police Reform Act 2002, (e) staff appointed by a local policing body if, or to the extent that, they are employed to assist a police