international partners to achieve consensus on baseline security requirements (see Annex B for further information on the international landscape). 1.7 To complement international efforts to drive the adoption of cyber security in AI, we have set out in this document a proposed two-part intervention (Chapter 3) to create, firstly, a voluntary Code of Practice, that will then be used as the basis for the development of a global technical standard. This approach will focus on developing international alignment on baseline security requirements for AI models and systems. Scope 1.8 This Call for Views is focused on addressing the cyber security risks to AI rather than wider issues relating to AI, such as safety or the cyber security risks that stem from AI. There is specific work on these areas being led by other parts of government (see the AI regulation white paper response for more details).[footnote 8] 1.9 Security is an essential component underpinning all types of AI. Therefore, the scope of this Call for Views as well as the voluntary Code of Practice and proposed technical standard, includes all AI technologies, including frontier AI. We have ensured that this work aligns with other parts of government that are examining and addressing the risks associated with frontier AI. This reflects the scope of the AI Safety Summit 2023, the AI regulation white paper and the discussion paper on Frontier AI: Capabilities and Risks. 1.10 We have also focused on the entire AI lifecycle because vulnerabilities in AI systems are not constrained to just one phase of the AI system. We have included below a diagram taken from the risk assessment that DSIT commissioned as an illustration of the different parts of the lifecycle process for creating an AI system.[footnote 9] Rationale 1.11 As part of the GovernmentÕs commitment to deliver the National Cyber Strategy, the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (DSIT) has undertaken extensive work with the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) to make AI systems more secure. This work should also be viewed within the context of the GovernmentÕs wider ambitions to make the United Kingdom a global AI superpower, as set out in the National AI Strategy. 1.12 We advocate a secure by design approach across all digital technologies which places the responsibility on those that develop technology to build robust security into their systems (further detail on this approach is set out in Chapter 2). Millions of people and organisations are using AI models every day to access better services and information. We must ensure that these models and systems are deployed with security built in by design. Without security, the continued rapid adoption and embedding of AI will result in vulnerabilities being widespread with implications for users and their data, as well as possible national security issues if services relying on AI were compromised or became unavailable. 1.13 We will continue to be actively involved in multilateral initiatives such as the G7, G20, OECD and UN. It is vital that cyber security is a core