or, as the case may be, the chief constable of the police force of which the individual is a member. (7) In this section, a reference to an individualÕs dutiesÑ (a) is a reference to the individualÕs duties as a member of the police force of which the individual is a member, (b) includes a reference to the duties of an individual acting under the direction and control of the chief constable of the Police Service by virtue of section 98 of the Police Act 1996 (cross-border aid of one police force by another). 41H Investigations under section 41G(4): procedure and reporting (1) The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make such provision about investigations by the Commissioner in pursuance of section 41G(4) (investigations into matters involving constables of forces other than the Police Service) as they consider appropriate. (2) Regulations may, in particular, make provisionÑ (a) about the circumstances in which the CommissionerÑ (i) must not or need not carry out an investigation, or (ii) may discontinue an investigation, (b) about the form and procedure of an investigation, (c) imposing restrictions on the extent of any investigation, (d) setting time limits within which matters must be investigated, (e) requiring persons to assist and co-operate with the Commissioner when carrying out an investigation (by providing evidence, attending hearings or otherwise), and (f) for the delegation of functions to the Commissioner. (3) Before making regulations under subsection (1), the Scottish Ministers must consultÑ (a) the Commissioner, (b) the chief constable, (a) 20 Police (Ethics, Conduct and Scrutiny) (Scotland) Act 2025 asp 5 Chapter 9A Ð Advisory list and barred list Document Generated: 2025-03-04 Status: This is the original version (as it was originally enacted). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format. (c) such persons as appear to them to be representative of senior officers, (d) such persons as appear to them to be representative of superintendents (including chief superintendents), (e) the joint central committee of the Police Federation for Scotland, (f) the Secretary of State, (g) the chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and (h) such other persons as they think appropriate. (4) The Commissioner must prepare a report of each investigation carried out in pursuance of section 41G(4). (5) The Commissioner mustÑ (a) provide a copy of a report prepared under subsection (4) toÑ (i) the person who requested the investigation, and (ii) any other person whom the Commissioner considers appropriate, and (b) if the Commissioner considers it appropriate to do so, publish the report in such manner as the Commissioner considers appropriate. (6) A report must notÑ (a) mention the name of any person, or (b) contain any particulars which, in the CommissionerÕs opinion, are likely to identify any person and can be omitted without impairing the effectiveness of the report, unless the Commissioner determines that it is necessary to do so (having taken into account the public interest).Ó. (3) In section 33A (general functions of the Commissioner)Ñ (a) the word ÒandÓ