the extent to which a tiered policing arrangement could respond to these calls should be considered in light of the potential risk involved and threat of incident escalation as a result of the absence of sworn Police officers. Supporting previous research, the geographical profiling of demanding residential properties found that people in areas of medium deprivation are most likely to be repeat callers for police assistance (Johnson and Rhodes, 2009). Those living in areas of low deprivation have less need for the police as, generally, less crime and disorder occurs within these areas. Those living in areas with high deprivation may be more likely to experience crime and disorder, but may be less likely to call the police. This effect may reflect the commonality of these events, reduced collective efficacy, or may reflect the distrust of the police and strained police-community relations in these neighbourhoods (Weisburd and Eck, 2004). Therefore, those living in areas of medium deprivation tend to experience a moderate level of crime and disorder but still need the problems to be addressed by authorities, so are the most likely to call for service. The type of housing of the top ten addresses fell within three categories: flat, semi- detached and terrace. Whilst this could indicate relationships between housing types and cause to call the police, this effect may more simply reflect the area in which the addresses are situated. Despite a void of cited links between employment status and service demand in previous literature, the current study found that 43% of family members within the top ten demanding residential addresses were unemployed, making unemployed people the single largest group likely to demand resources. All ten of these households were associated with previous issues (i.e. mental health issues, incidents of domestic violence, or alcohol and/or substance abuse); however, only seven had previously received other agency involvement and five had received interventions aimed to improve their family situation. This indicates that there is potential for agencies to work together more effectively with certain families at an earlier stage, when problems are first visible in order to attempt to prevent future high demand. Practical Implications These results indicate that the police could potentially reduce the demand for service by enhancing work within two key areas; (i) early intervention and, (ii)partnership working . Firstly, the majority of the residential repeat callers within this study were identified to have been struggling with a range of problems for some time. This highlights an area for early intervention to take place with children who show signs of behavioural problems and with those who start to display mental health issues, alcoholic dependencies or substance abuse before they reach crisis point and become high resource consumers. This has become a key aim of LancashireÕs Early Action Team. Early Action is a multi-agency intervention at the earliest opportunity, delivering sustained solutions to individual and family problems, which is hoped to ultimately build social resilience and create thriving communities. Early Action applies to both children and adults and