represent the alleged victim. (7) Subsections (8) to (11) apply ifÑ (a) a person has been arrested for an offence, (b) the person has been released on bail under this Part subject to conditions, and (c) the person requests a custody officer to vary the conditions under section 3A(8) of the Bail Act 1976. (8) If it is reasonably practicable to do so, the investigating officer must seek the views of the alleged victim (if any) of the offence onÑ (a) whether any of the conditions that are relevant conditions should be varied, and (b) if so, what variations should be made to those conditions. (9) The investigating officer must inform the custody officer of any views obtained under subsection (8). (10) If any of the conditions which are relevant conditions are varied, the investigating officer must, if it is reasonably practicable to do so, notify the alleged victim of the variations. (11) If the alleged victim of the offence appears to the investigating officer to be vulnerable, subsections (8) and (10) apply as if references to the alleged victim of the offence were to a person appearing to the officer to represent the alleged victim. (12) In this section Òinvestigating officerÓ, in relation to an offence, means the constable or other person in charge of the investigation of the offence. (13) For the purposes of this section a person (ÒPÓ) is an alleged victim of an offence ifÑ (a) an allegation has been made to a constable or other person involved in the investigation of the offence that P has suffered physical, mental or emotional harm, or economic loss, which was directly caused by the offence, and (b) P is an individual. (14) For the purposes of this section an alleged victim of an offence is vulnerable if the alleged victimÑ (2) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) SCHEDULE 4 Ð Pre-charge bail Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 281 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) was aged under 18 at the time of the offence, or (b) may have difficulty understanding a communication from an investigating officer under this section, or communicating effectively in response to it, by reason ofÑ (i) a physical disability or disorder, (ii) a mental disorder within the meaning of the Mental Health Act 1983, or (iii) a significant impairment of intelligence and social functioning.Ó Amendments to the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (c. 44) 23 In section 24B(3) of the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (arrest for failure to comply with conditions of conditional caution: application of PACE provisions)Ñ (a) before paragraph (a) insertÑ Ò(za)