cases one or two days leave should be sufficient to deal with the problem. For example, if your child falls ill with chicken pox, the leave should be enough to help you cope with the crisis Ð to deal with the immediate care of your child, visiting the doctor and to make longer term care arrangements. The right to time off does not enable you to take two weeks off to look after your child yourself. You would need to agree any extended absence with your manager, utilising leave in the normal way. The right is for generally unforeseen short term difficulties. If you know in advance that you are going to need time off, you should request leave in the normal way. You have an obligation to inform your line manager of the reason for the absence and its likely duration as soon as reasonably practical. The Line Manager must notify RMU for the approved leave to be recorded on GRS. You are not entitled to take unlimited amounts of time off. The RMU will monitor the number and lengths of previous absences. This leave is there to support you when you need to deal with genuine unforeseen circumstances. NB: Managers must ensure that Payroll are informed of any periods of agreed unpaid dependants leave. JURY SERVICE When an individual is notified that they have been chosen for jury service, they must inform their line manager as soon as possible with the dates they are expected to attend court. The court will send them a ÔCertificate of Loss of EarningsÕ form which needs to be sent to payroll for completion. Payroll will calculate the net pay per day. There is a maximum daily amount than can be claimed. If an individualÕs actual daily amount exceeds the maximum, payroll will show the maximum amount limit. This should be presented to the court upon attendance. Following court attendance, they will receive a remittance advice letter from the court. This details the loss of earnings they have incurred and what has been paid directly to them in their bank account. Individuals should send a copy of this remittance to payroll, who will deduct this amount from their next salary. During jury service, officers and staff must keep their manager informed of any end dates or extensions. Where attendance at court is not required, they will be expected to return to work. When on jury service, pensionable benefits will continue to accrue as normal. Individuals must advise their local RMU so the abstraction can be recorded on GRS. MEDICAL APPOINTMENTS Routine Medical / Dental / Ophthalmic Appointments Officers and Staff should endeavour to make routine doctors, dental, ophthalmic etc. appointments on non-duty days or try to ensure that the time away from work is kept to a minimum. Where the appointment can only be achieved in working time these absences should not be recorded as sick leave and the time should be made up. Non-Routine / Specialist Appointments of less than one day