the public who have suffered loss or damage as a result of an emergency. They have the capability to set up an advice service close to the scene of an emergency and can provide contacts to act as liaison points with local responders. 15.9. Bus companies and road haulage: Bus companies may be included in plans to assist with evacuations. Arrangements for diverting and maintaining bus services in the event of a major central area evacuation may also require planning. Accidents involving the movement of chemicals by road are a key hazard which requires specialist knowledge and equipment. The Fire and Rescue Service is greatly assisted in response to such incidents by the Chemical Industries Association. 15.1. 15.10. Taxi firms and coach companies: In some areas, and where local authority social services and NHS ambulances are unable to manage the movement of all people who may need transport in an emergency, agreements have been reached with local taxi firms to assist in the transportation of these people. It may be possible to reach similar agreements with local coach companies. 15.11. Airlines: The Act brings airports into a formal arrangement as Category 2 responders 1 to co-operate with the emergency services and other Category 1 responders in preparing for emergencies. But plans for responding effectively to the needs of distressed friends and relatives at the terminal building require the co-operation, too, of airline companies. It is usual to invite their representatives to play a part in these arrangements. 15.12. Shipping companies and ferries: As with airports, harbour authorities are included as Category 2 responders under the Act.2 Planning for emergencies at sea and in ports is likely to include the main shipping and ferry companies, which are not covered by the Act. 15.13. Media companies: Media companies are not included in the Act, partly because it is accepted that their independence as reporting organisations should not be compromised. However, they have a key role in providing information to the public and are likely to be heavily involved in communications planning, which is dealt with in Chapter 7. 1 Schedule 1 paragraph 26. 2 Schedule 1 paragraph 27. 15.14. Private communications networks dedicated to public safety users: The emergency services and other public safety agencies may rely upon private communications networks that are not listed as Category 2 responders in order to carry out their duties. These organisations will want to ensure that the relevant communications providers are included in multi-agency planning for incidents. 15.15. Offshore oil and gas industry: The Maritime and Coastguard Agency and the Health and Safety Executive work closely with these companies and will want to ensure that they are included in multi-agency planning for incidents at sea or at oil and gas terminals. They will also be involved in planning for fuel shortages. 15.16. Security firms: Security firms have staff protecting premises of all types who are contactable by the police and may be useful during emergencies. They have a particular role in evacuations from shopping centres