that chief constable if the personÑ (a) has experience at a senior level in the provision of services provided under the Fire and Rescue Services Act 2004, and (b) has undertaken training in relation to policing matters of a kind that is specified by the College of Policing for the purposes of this paragraph.] (1B) An Òapproved overseas police forceÓ is a police force whichÑ (a) is in a country or territory outside the United Kingdom designated by regulations made by the Secretary of State, and (b) is designated in relation to that country or territory by the regulations. (1C) The Òapproved rankÓ for an approved overseas police force is the rank which is designated as the approved rank for that police force by the regulations. (1D) The College of Policing must recommend to the Secretary of State matters to be designated under this paragraph. 202 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal of senior police officers Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (1E) The Secretary of State may make regulations under this paragraph only if they give effect to a recommendation under sub-paragraph (1D).] (2) The end of the confirmation process is reachedÑ (a) in a case where paragraph 7 applies, when the first of the events mentioned in sub-paragraphs (3) and (4) occurs; or (b) in a case where paragraph 8 applies, when the first of the events mentioned in sub-paragraphs (3) and (5) occurs. (3) The first event mentioned in sub-paragraphs (2)(a) and (2)(b) is the period of three weeks mentioned in paragraph 4(6) ending without the relevant police and crime panel having given the police and crime commissioner any report on the proposed appointment. (4) The second event mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(a) is the police and crime commissioner notifying the panel under paragraph 7(3) of the decision whether or not to accept the panel's recommendation in relation to the appointment. (5) The second event mentioned in sub-paragraph (2)(b) is the end of the confirmation process being reached in accordance with regulations under paragraph 10. Notification of proposed appointment 3 (1) A police and crime commissioner must notify the relevant police and crime panel of each proposed appointment of a chief constable by the commissioner. (2) In such a case, the police and crime commissioner must also notify the relevant police and crime panel of the following informationÑ (a) the name of the person whom the commissioner is proposing to appoint (Òthe candidateÓ); (b) the criteria used to assess the suitability of the candidate for the appointment; (c) why the candidate satisfies those criteria; and (d) the terms and conditions on which the candidate is to be appointed. (a) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 8 Ð Appointment, suspension and removal