be undertaken. Line managers Line Managers are responsible for ensuring compliance with the Policy and Practice Directions by the regular monitoring of their staff and information processes. Users All personnel have a personally assigned responsibility for the preservation of the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information systems accessible by them and information entrusted to them. Information can only be used for permitted policing purposes Specific responsibilities and accountabilities are detailed in Security Operating Procedures (SyOPs). ACCREDITATION All information systems, services and applications processing, handling or storing protectively marked or other sensitive information will be subject to a process of security accreditation in accordance with HMG Information Assurance Standards and accreditation / security requirements will be specified in all IST contracts. Security Operating Procedures (SyOPs) SyOPs, designed to assist in the efficient operation of IS detail the security standard against which all IS will be operated, define roles and responsibilities and notify users what they can and cannot do. They include: • Scope • System Management • Physical & Environmental Security • Communications & Operations Management • • System Administration • Starting up and Ending Sessions • Identification & Authentication • Counter Compromise Action • Incident Reporting & Management • Information Exchange • Protective Monitoring / Audit & Accounting All Users of Information Systems are required to comply with SyOPs at all times and non compliance can result in misconduct or in some case criminal proceedings being instigated. MOBILE & REMOTE WORKING The Mobile and Remote Working Policy will detail the security, supervisory, routine usage, health & safety, legal and limitation on use requirements of the Wiltshire Police. THIRD PARTY & SUPPLIER REMOTE ACCESS The Third Party / Supplier Remote Access Policy sets out the conditions that are required to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Wiltshire Police and OPCC information and information systems when third parties require access. No Third party access is allowed until the appropriate Head of Technical Service agrees and provides written permission. INCIDENT REPORTING Accurate and timely reporting of security incidents is vital to reducing the potential impact and damage to the Force/OPCC. All security incidents are to be reported to the ICT Service Desk as soon as it is practicable to do so. Incidents (as defined in SyOPs) will be recorded for onward reporting to PolWARP in accordance with Procedures for Use of the Police Warning, Advice and Reporting Point (PolWARP). The reporting format will be dictated by the type of incident and is divided into two categories Ð Fast Time Incidents and Slow Time Incidents. Incidents involving cryptographic items will be reported to CINRAS and will be handled according to the national Policy for Handling Cryptographic Incidents reported via CINRAS. Some security alerts could originate from the National Monitoring Centre (NMC), these will be managed similarly within the force with national oversight by NMC. NEED TO KNOW The effective use (including the sharing) of information is a key priority for the Force and OPCC. Access to information and supporting processes is required for