of the Female Genital Mutilation Act 20031 and extends to England and Wales only. Section 5C(1) states: Ò(1) The Secretary of State may issue guidance to whatever persons in England and Wales the Secretary of State considers appropriate aboutÑ (a) the effect of any provision of this Act, or (b) other matters relating to female genital mutilation. (2) A person exercising public functions to whom guidance is given under this section must have regard to it in the exercise of those functions. (3) Nothing in this section permits the Secretary of State to give guidance to any court or tribunal.Ó As statutory guidance issued under section 5C of the 2003 Act, a person exercising public functions to whom this guidance is given must have regard to it in the exercise of those functions. This means that a person to whom the guidance is given must take the guidance into account and, if they decide to depart from it, have clear reasons for doing so. It contains guidance which should be followed by all; these sections are generally identified by the use of the word ÔshouldÕ and are contained within the main body of the guidance. It also contains guidance that may be appropriate for some individuals, but may not be required by others. This latter guidance is identified by terminology such as Ôyou may find it useful toÕ and is set out within the Annexes. 1 As amended by the Serious Crime Act 2015. 1.2. Audience This multi-agency statutory guidance should be read and followed by all persons and bodies in England and Wales who are under statutory duties to make arrangements to discharge their functions having regard to the need to safeguard and promote the welfare of children2 and vulnerable adults. The following list is not exhaustive, however such persons and bodies include: • local authorities and district councils; • National Health Service (NHS) and independent service providers; • NHS England; • NHS Wales; • clinical commissioning groups (CCGs); • NHS Trusts; • NHS Foundation Trusts; • the police; • governing bodies of maintained schools and colleges; • proprietors of independent schools (including academies, free schools and alternative provision academies) and non-maintained special schools; and • management committees of pupil referral units (PRUs). Professionals working in these organisations and who undertake these duties are responsible for ensuring that they fulfil their role and responsibilities in a manner consistent with the statutory duties of their employer. The information within this guidance may also be relevant to bodies working with women and girls at risk of female genital mutilation (FGM) or dealing with its consequences. 2 For example, under section 11 (1) or section 28 (1) of the Children Act 2004, section 175(2) of the Education Act 2002; section 55 of the Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009, paragraph 7(a) of the Schedule to the Education (Independent School Standards) Regulations 2014 and paragraph 3 of the Schedule to the Education (Non-Maintained Special Schools) (England) Regulations 2011. 1.3. Aim and Purpose This