(11), the question of which complaint is, or which complaints are, qualifying complaints is to be decided by the relevant bodies in accordance with the review procedures. The procedures may, in particular, include provision for this purpose which is framed by reference to whether different complaints relate to different aspects of particular anti-social behaviour (including different incidents comprised in particular anti-social behaviour). (13) Schedule 4 (ASB case reviews: supplementary provision) has effect. 105 ASB case reviews: interpretation (1) This section applies for the purposes of section 104, this section and Schedule 4. (2) In relation to EnglandÑ Òlocal government areaÓ means an area for which there isÑ (a) a relevant district council, or (b) a unitary authority; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) 85 PART 6 Ð Local involvement and accountability CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Òrelevant district councilÓ means the council of a district so far as it is not a unitary authority; Òunitary authorityÓ meansÑ (a) the council of a county so far as it is the council for an area for which there are no district councils, (b) the council of any district comprised in an area for which there is no county council, (c) a London borough council, (d) the Common Council of the City of London in its capacity as a local authority, or (e) the Council of the Isles of Scilly; and, in relation to a local government area in EnglandÑ Òlocal provider of social housingÓ means a private registered provider of social housing thatÑ (a) grants tenancies of dwelling-houses in that area, or (b) manages any house or other property in that area; Òrelevant bodiesÓ meansÑ (a) the relevant district council or the unitary authority, (b) the chief officer of police for the police area which that local government area is within, (c) [F53each integrated care board established under section 14Z25 of the National Health Service Act 2006 whose area is wholly or partly within that local government area,] and (d) any local providers of social housing who are among the relevant bodies by virtue of the co-option arrangements made in relation to that local government area. (3) In relation to WalesÑ Òlocal government areaÓ meansÑ (a) a county, or (b) a county borough; and, in relation to a local government area in WalesÑ Òlocal provider of social housingÓ means a body registered as a social landlord under section 3 of the Housing Act 1996 thatÑ (a) grants tenancies of dwelling-houses in that area,