fee is payable on variation: 167 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law a) if the total number of firearms to which the certificate relates is not increased; b) in respect of amended or variation of conditions; c) in respect of ammunition alone; d) when a firearm certificate is renewed at the same time; or e) where the two elements of a Òone for oneÓ variation take place at the same time; that is one firearm is exchanged for another at the same time. 19.5 Where a certificate holder who has disposed of a firearm makes application for a variation upon disposing of the firearm this will not normally attract a fee. This is usually within the seven days allowed for advice of the disposal, although this time may vary between police forces and depend on circumstance. Timings should be checked with the relevant licensing department. Other exemptions from fees for firearm certificates 19.6 Sections 32 and 35 of the 1968 Act state a fee is charged only upon ÒgrantÓ, ÒrenewalÓ or ÒreplacementÓ of a certificate. Therefore, no fee is payable upon refusal. 19.7 Section 32(3) of the 1968 Act also provides that no fee shall be payable on the grant, variation or renewal of a certificate if the chief officer of police is satisfied that the certificate relates solely to, and, in the case of a variation, will continue when varied to relate solely to; (a) a firearm or ammunition which the applicant requires as part of the equipment for a ship or hovercraft; or (b) a signalling apparatus (for example signal or ÔVeryÕ pistols) or ammunition which the applicant requires as part of the equipment of an aircraft or aerodrome; or (c) a slaughtering instrument or ammunition, which the applicant requires for the purpose of the slaughter of animals. The term Òslaughtering instrumentÓ means a firearm designed or adapted for this purpose, rather than simply a weapon possessed for the humane destruction of animals. 19.8 In categories (a) and (b) a free certificate should, in general, be granted only to the owner or charterer of the ship, hovercraft, aircraft or aerodrome, the owner or chartererÕs agent, or the master or other responsible officer in charge of the stores of the ship, hovercraft, aircraft or aerodrome. In the case of category (c), the persons to whom free certificates in respect of slaughtering instruments or ammunition may be granted will include master butchers, superintendents of abattoirs, farmers, smallholders and crofters who kill their own animals within the food chain. Note that vets are not exempt. 19.9 Section 32(3A) of the 1968 Act, as amended by Article 5 of the Firearms (Variation of Fees) Order 1994, provides a further exemption from the requirement to pay a fee for signalling devices which, when assembled and ready to fire, are not more than eight inches long. 19.10 Under Regulation 3 of the Firearms (Fees) Regulations 2019, a fee is payable to the Home Office or Scottish Government before a trophy of war authority is 168