all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F41438A Standard powers and duties of community support officers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . [F41538B Police powers for civilian employees under collaboration agreements The chief officer of police of a police force (the “assisted force”) may designate a person (“C”) who— is a civilian employee of [F416, or a police volunteer with,] another police force (the “assisting force”), is designated under section 38 by the chief officer of police of the assisting police force (the “section 38 designation”), and is permitted, under relevant police collaboration provision, to discharge powers and duties specified in that provision for the purposes of the assisted force. The designation under subsection (1) (the “collaboration designation”) must designate C as an officer of [F417either or both of the descriptions specified in section 38(1) (if C is a civilian employee of the assisting force) or section 38(1A) (if C is a police volunteer with the assisting force)]. The collaboration designation may designate C as an officer of a particular description specified in [F418section 38(1) or (as the case may be) section 38(1A)] only if the section 38 designation designates C as an officer of that description. C shall have the powers and duties conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation. A power or duty may be conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation only if C is permitted, under the relevant police collaboration provision, to discharge that power or duty for the purposes of the assisted force. C shall not be authorised or required by virtue of the collaboration designation to engage in any conduct otherwise than in the course of discharging a power or duty conferred or imposed on C by the collaboration designation. The collaboration designation must specify the restrictions and conditions to which C is subject in the discharge of the powers and duties conferred or imposed by the collaboration designation. Those restrictions and conditions must include the restrictions and conditions specified in the relevant police collaboration provision. Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 93 Part 4 – Police powers etc. Chapter 1 – Exercise of police powers etc. by civilians Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View