objectives. By confirming health and safety objectives are an integral part of the policing plans and business planning. Promoting and championing a positive health and safety culture and encompassing involvement of all employees. Ensuring individual health and safety performance is monitored and included in appraisals. Regularly reviewing the local health and safety performance, including audit compliance, DSE compliance and accident rates. Health and Safety Assistance In accordance with Regulation 7 of the Management of Health and Safety at Work Regulations 1999, the Wiltshire Police Head of Health and Safety is appointed as the competent person for the purpose of assisting to undertake necessary measures to ensure compliance with statutory provisions. The Head of Health and Safety is responsible to the Chief Executive of the Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner and is responsible and accountable for the provision of competent health and safety advice, assistance and guidance to Swindon and Wiltshire OPCC on all health and safety issues. The Head of Health and Safety is responsible for: Provision of specialist advice and guidance on all health and safety matters. Monitoring new/changing legislation and advising on the implications and required actions. Formulating and developing various health and safety policies and procedures. Promoting a positive health and safety culture. Planning and setting realistic health and safety plans and objectives. Identification of hazards, assessment of risk and establishment of suitable risk control measures for the elimination or reduction of risk. Day to day implementation and monitoring control measures of health and safety plans and policies, utilising both active and reactive techniques. Review and audit the health and safety management system within the Force Regularly reviewing the health and safety performance of the Force. Head of Facilities and Estates Particular health and safety responsibilities are assigned to the Head of Facilities and Supplies who is responsible for ensuring that all buildings and other force properties are kept in a safe condition, maintained in a safe and proper manner and ensure compliance with relevant statutory requirements. The Head of Facilities and Estates is also responsible for (in conjunction with the ForceÕs Facility Management Consultants and Head of Health and Safety): Control and management of Contractors, Asbestos and Legionella for all Wiltshire Police Facilities. Where appropriate compliance with the Construction, Design and Management Regulations 1994. The maintenance, statutory examination and testing of installed services, plant and equipment. Structural fire safety measures including fire alarms, emergency lighting etc. Health and Safety Implementers including; All Managers and Supervisors All Managers and Supervisors will ensure that arrangements for health and safety, including policies, plans and procedures are implemented and continuously monitored and reviewed in areas of their control. Responsibilities include: The health and safety of those employees working under their direction. Provision of adequate supervision, information, instruction and training for all staff under their direction and control to ensure that employees are competent for their tasks and understand their health and safety responsibilities. Provision of sufficient physical and human resources. Managing and regularly reviewing local health and safety