if the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that— the property may otherwise be made unavailable for satisfying any confiscation order that has been or may be made against the defendant, or the value of the property may otherwise be diminished as a result of conduct by the defendant or any other person. But the officer may not seize— cash, or exempt property. “Cash” has the same meaning as in section 289. “Exempt property” means— such tools, books, vehicles and other items of equipment as are necessary to the defendant for use personally in the defendant's employment, business or vocation; such clothing, bedding, furniture, household equipment, provisions or other things as are necessary for satisfying the basic domestic needs of the defendant and the defendant's family. In relation to realisable property which is free property held by the recipient of a tainted gift, references in subsection (4) to the defendant are to be read as references to the recipient of that gift. Section 47B(11) is subject to this subsection. The power conferred by this section— may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 47G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power, and is exercisable by an officer of Revenue and Customs only if the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting that conduct constituting the 48 Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) Part 5 – Proceeds of crime Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes relevant offence relates to an assigned matter (within the meaning of the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979). “Relevant offence” means— in a case where the officer is satisfied that the first, second, third or fourth condition in section 47B is met, the offence mentioned in that condition, in a case where the officer is satisfied that any of the other conditions in section 47B is met, the offence (or any of the offences) concerned. 47D Search power: premises If an appropriate officer is lawfully on any premises the officer may search the premises for the purpose of finding any property which— the officer has reasonable grounds for suspecting may be found there, and if found there, the officer intends to seize under section 47C. The power conferred by this section may be exercised only with the appropriate approval under section 47G unless, in the circumstances, it is not practicable to obtain that approval before exercising the power. “Premises” has the meaning given by section 23 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984. 47E Search power: people An appropriate officer may exercise the following