length and composition requirements for Force passwords. You should avoid writing your passwords down, whether itÕs in your mobile phone or on a post-it note. It might seem like a helpful way to remember them, but if they get into the wrong hands it could put you and your account at risk. This is even more important when working from home as the risks are greater in the family home, for example they could be seen by family members or stolen in a burglary. 14. CLEAR DESK AND CLEAR SCREEN POLICY Measures must be taken to adequately protect against unauthorised physical access to the Police and OPCC information hosted on PCs, laptops, handheld devices (e.g. tablets, mobile telephones etc.), computer media (e.g. DVDs, CDs and USB storage devices), and paper documentation. Staff must adhere to the ForceÕs Information Management Policy and Records Management Policy. All staff must ensure that access to their user accounts is password protected when their computer devices are left unattended, even for a small amount of time, e.g. 1 minute by locking their workstation. All staff must ensure that all mobile equipment, e.g. laptops and tablets, sensitive computer media and sensitive documentation are not left unattended and insecure, but are appropriately stored in locked areas or facilities, e.g. locked cabinets, and that access to relevant keys is controlled. At the end of a working day, you must: • Logoff your PC or laptop; • Clear your desk, and lock all sensitive computer media and documents away in a drawer or cabinet with suitably restricted access; • If you are a user of a laptop or handheld device, and you are not taking it with you, you must lock it away in a drawer or cabinet with suitably restricted access. 15. REMOTE WORKING Remote workers include all users who use the ForceÕs information and information processing facilities whilst not located on the ForceÕs premises, e.g. workers who are located in other organisationsÕ offices, working remotely and travelling. Home workers are users who have been authorised to use the ForceÕs information and information processing facilities whilst based at home. All remote/home working must comply with the Agile Working and Remote Computing Policy. 16. REPORTING INFORMATION SECURITY INCIDENTS In order for Wiltshire Police and OPCC to be able to manage and deal with security incidents successfully, they must be captured and logged. If you suspect or have knowledge of a security incident or security event, or a breach of the ForceÕs information security policies or procedures, or a software malfunction, or a security weakness in any Force building, network or information system, you must report the concern immediately to the Information Security Officer or ICT Security Officer and/or your line manager. If out of office hours and urgent, i.e. theft of ICT device, notify the FIM immediately. Examples of a security incident include: • Physical damage to the ForceÕs IT equipment; • Compromise/loss of sensitive documents and information, e.g. personal data; • Unauthorised use of another userÕs account (masquerading