be necessary to close all or part of the building. If in doubt you should seek guidance from a competent person. 60 Other fixed installations There are a number of other fixed installations including water mist, gaseous, deluge and fixed powder systems. If your premises have a fixed firefighting system that you are unfamiliar with, then seek advice. Where a fixed firefighting system forms an integral part of your fire safety strategy, it should be maintained in accordance with the relevant British Standard by a competent person. 3.3 Other facilities (including those for firefighters) Building Regulations and other Acts, including local Acts, may have required firefighting equipment and other facilities to be provided for the safety of people in the building and to help firefighters. Fire safety law places a duty on you to maintain such facilities in good working order and at all times. These may include: • access for fire engines and firefighters; • firefighting shafts and lifts; • fire suppression systems e.g. sprinklers, water mist and gaseous; • smoke-control systems; • dry or wet rising mains and firefighting inlets; • information and communication arrangements e.g. fire telephones and wireless systems and information to brief the fire and rescue service when they arrive; and • firefightersÕ switches. The Workplace (Health, Safety and Welfare) Regulations 199223 also require that systems provided for safety within a workplace are maintained. Access for fire engines and firefighters Buildings that have been constructed to modern building regulations or in accordance with certain local Acts will have been provided with facilities that allow fire engines to approach and park within a reasonable distance so that firefighters can use their equipment without too much difficulty. These facilities may consist of access roads to the building, hard standing areas for fire engines and access into the building for firefighters. It is essential that where such facilities are provided they are properly maintained and available for use at all relevant times. Where a building is used by a number of different occupants you will need to ensure co-operation between the various Ôresponsible ÔpersonsÕ to maintain fire and rescue service access. In exceptional cases, where access is persistently obstructed, you may need to make additional arrangements. See Approved Document B to the Building Regulations for more information.24 Firefighting shafts and lifts Firefighting shafts (Figure 21) are provided in larger buildings to help firefighters reach floors further away from the buildingÕs access point. They enable firefighting operations to start quickly and in comparative safety by providing a safe route from the point of entry to the floor where the fire has occurred. Figure 21: Firefighting shaft Entry points from a stairway in a firefighting shaft to a floor will be via a lobby, through two sets of fire and smoke-resisting doors and walls. Many people will use the stairway for normal movement through the building and it is important that the safety features are not compromised by doors being wedged open. Most firefighting shafts will also incorporate a firefighting