where the Metropolitan Police Authority or the other police authority in question is itself proposing to exercise its power to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable of the force in question to retire or to resign, or is proposing to consider so exercising that power; and (c) where the power mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) has been exercised but the retirement or resignation has not yet taken effect. (2) Before requiring the exercise by the Metropolitan Police Authority or any other police authority of its power to call upon the Commissioner or Deputy Commissioner or the chief constable of the force in question to retire or to resign, the Secretary of State shallÑ (a) give the officer concerned a notice in writingÑ (i) informing him of the Secretary of StateÕs intention to require the exercise of that power; and (ii) explaining the Secretary of StateÕs grounds for requiring the exercise of that power; and (b) give that officer an opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State. (2A) Where the Secretary of State gives a notice under subsection (2)(a), he shall send a copy of the notice to the Metropolitan Police Authority or other police authority concerned. (2B) The Secretary of State shall consider any representations made to him under subsection (2).Ó (3) In subsection (3) (inquiries), for the words from the beginning to Òsubsection (1)Ó there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(3) Where the Secretary of State proposes to require the exercise of a power mentioned in subsection (1), heÓ. (4) After subsection (3) there shall be insertedÑ Ò(3A) At an inquiry held under subsection (3)Ñ (1) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) 85 Part 3 Ð Removal, suspension and disciplining of police officers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) the Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable in question shall be entitled, in accordance with any regulations under section 42A, to make representations to the inquiry; (b) the Metropolitan Police Authority or, as the case may be, the police authority concerned shall be entitled, in accordance with any regulations made under section 42A, to make representations to the inquiry. (3B) The entitlement of the Commissioner, Deputy Commissioner or, as the case may be, the chief constable in question to make representations shall include the entitlement to make them in person.Ó (5) In subsection (4) (expenses of inquiry), for the words Òa chief constable, deputy chief constable or assistant chief constableÓ there shall be substituted Ò the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or a chief