will include the matters listed in Note 1 below, although other information may be required, as necessary . must operate with the authority of the club committee and should normally be a member of that committee; however, the club should have the capacity to appoint an interim liaison officer should the need arise . must be IT literate, must have an email address and be contactable by telephone or by email at any reasonable time Ð they should also retain up-to- date contact details (email and telephone number) of the local police firearms licensing department . must be familiar with and understand fully the Home Office criteria for the approval of rifle and muzzle-loading pistol clubs Responsibilities It is the responsibility of the club liaison officer to: . establish and maintain contact with the local police firearms licensing department and to agree arrangements for the relevant exchange of information (see Note 2 below) . notify the local firearms licensing department at the first convenient time where the member of the club has not engaged in shooting activities over the past 12 months . notify the local firearms licensing department, as a matter urgency, where there are serious wellbeing concerns about a club member displayed through unusual or erratic behaviour or arising from circumstances such as those listed in Note 3 Ð referring such concerns to the police will not automatically result in the memberÕs firearms being removed or certificate revoked; it will, however, give the police an opportunity to ensure that the personÕs continuing access to firearms does not create a risk to themselves or to wider public safety Notes 1. Information required by the police from the club liaison officer includes: For new probationary members: full name of the person, including any previous name(s) full address, including postcode telephone number/mobile telephone number (where available) date and place of birth For new full members as above with the date of full membership Club members who have not shot there within the last 12 months full details (name, address, date of birth) the date that the person was last recorded as being present at the club for shooting activities, noting any known mitigating factors that may be relevant Members who cancel or fail to renew membership full details (name, address, date of birth) providing any known reasons for cancellation or failure to renew Club guest days notification to the police preferably at least 2 weeks before the events to allow Firearms team to respond in good time, but no less than 48 hours (see paragraph P of the guidance) 2. It is important to have trust between the club liaison officer and the local police firearms licensing department achieved through regular meetings. In some circumstances it may be necessary to meet very frequently, but much will depend on the size of the club and the nature of the activities undertaken by it. The liaison officer and the local police should, therefore, agree between themselves how information is to be supplied and