websites may help to alleviate this to some extent. 7.133. LRFs may also wish to consider the benefits of agreeing a multi-agency social media protocol to ensure usage is consistent with both individual, and multi-organisational policy. Examples of use of social media: West Yorkshire Police used social media during demonstrations by the English Defence League and United Against Fascism in Bradford City Centre over the August Bank Holiday 2010. They monitored online forums and other social media to gather intelligence and identify potential partners and problems. The Police used channels such as Twitter and YouTube to update the media and spread key messages. An online forum was established through Huddle (www.huddle.com) to share materials and flag potential issues; a Daily Information Update for key partners was produced. The use and misuse of social media was again demonstrated during the public disorder in England during the summer 2011. • No 10 Downing Street offers a host of social media channels including Flickr, YouTube, Twitter and Facebook. @number10gov • The Highlands and Islands Strategic Co-ordinating Group (HISCG) have a Twitter page http://twitter.com/NorthernPolice and http://twitter.com/handiprepared. • http://blog.scraperwiki.com/2010/10/21/wheres-safe-creating-a-tool-to- guide-people-in-an-emergency/ • Birmingham Resilience Team has a website which contains managed feeds: Vimeo, Flickr, Facebook and Twitter. • www.birminghamprepared.gov.uk • Exercise and review 7.134. It is important to exercise arrangements for communicating with the public. Public communications and media planning can be effectively tested in tabletop or full- scale exercises. These should be conducted regularly. 7.135. Both the media and the public can take part in exercises. This can help to make them more realistic and will increase the challenge for participants. It will also help to promote community resilience messages. 7.136. It will often be beneficial to involve some media as players in the exercise. News organisations with a role in reporting emergencies benefit from rehearsing their arrangements too. Where the exercise scenario involves security issues, it may not be possible to achieve full media involvement. However, it should, in most cases, be possible to agree effective rules that allow the media to participate without running news stories about the event. Media contacts, especially out of hours contacts, should be updated at least twice a year. 7.137. Category 1 responders have always been sensitive to appearing to be underprepared, but with positive relations with the media established in ÔnormalÕ conditions, it should be possible to demonstrate how problems are being identified and remedied ahead of a real event. 7.1. 7.138. In tandem with these arrangements, Category 1 responders should also consider the role of exercises in building public confidence. Research shows that providing the public, through the media, with information about exercises that are taking place and showing pictures of what they may expect to happen can be extremely reassuring. 7.139. When developing exercises, responders should consider inviting local media to cover the story as observers. The ground rules should be agreed in advance, with assistance from the appropriate media groups/forums as necessary. 7.1. Chapter 8 Business continuity advice and assistance to business and the