is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) land specified under that subsection were within its area. But references in the rest of this section to a local authority are to a local authority that is not a designated person. (3) The only prohibitions or requirements that may be imposed in a public spaces protection order [F44or an expedited order] made by a designated person are ones that it has power to impose (or would, but for section 70, have power to impose) by making a byelaw in respect of the restricted area. (4) A public spaces protection order [F44or an expedited order] made by a designated person may not include provision regulating, in relation to a particular public space, an activity that is already regulated in relation to that space by a public spaces protection order [F44or an expedited order] made by a local authority. (5) Where a public spaces protection order [F44or an expedited order] made by a local authority regulates, in relation to a particular public space, an activity that a public spaces protection order [F44or an expedited order] made by a designated person already regulates, the order made by the designated person ceases to have that effect. (6) If a person or body that may be designated under subsection (1)(a) gives a notice in writing under this subsection, in respect of land in relation to which it has power to make byelaws, to a local authority in whose area the land is situatedÑ (a) no part of the land may form, or fall within, the restricted area of any public spaces protection order [F45or expedited order] made by the local authority; (b) if any part of the landÑ (i) forms the restricted area of a public spaces protection order [F46, or an expedited order,] already made by the local authority, or (ii) falls within such an area, the order has ceases to have effect (where sub-paragraph (i) applies), or has effect as if the restricted area did not include the land in question (where sub- paragraph (ii) applies). 72 [F47Public spaces protection orders:] Convention rights, consultation, publicity and notification (1) A local authority, in decidingÑ (a) whether to make a public spaces protection order (under section 59) and if so what it should include, (a) 48 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 4 Ð Community protection CHAPTER 2 Ð Public spaces protection orders and expedited orders Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought