or Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime Ó; (b) in subsection (3), omit the entry relating to the chairman and vice chairman of the Metropolitan Police Authority; (c) for subsection (4) substituteÑ Ò(4) This section also applies in any case where the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime proposes to make an appointment, under section 19 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011, of a person to be the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime.Ó. (3) In Schedule 4A (confirmation hearings etc)Ñ (a) in paragraph 1 (application of Schedule), after sub-paragraph (2) insertÑ Ò(3) This Schedule also has effect where the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime proposes to make an appointment, under section 19 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011, of a person to be the Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. (4) In the application of this Schedule in relation to such an appointment, references to the Mayor are to be read as references to the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. (5) Paragraph 9 does not apply in relation to such an appointment (but see section 32 of the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011). (6) Paragraph 10 applies in relation to such an appointment if the candidate is not a member of the London Assembly. (7) Paragraphs 2, 4 and 5 are subject to paragraph 10.Ó; (1) 24 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (b) after paragraph 9 insertÑ Ò10 (1) The London Assembly may veto the appointment of the candidate as Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime if the candidate is not a member of the London Assembly. (2) The exercise of that power of veto in relation to an appointment is not valid unless the London AssemblyÑ (a) has held a confirmation meeting in relation to the appointment before the exercise of the power; and (b) notifies the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime of the veto within the period of 3 weeks described in paragraph 4(3). (3) If the London Assembly vetoes the appointment of the candidate, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime must not appoint the candidate. (4) References in this Schedule to the London Assembly vetoing the appointment of a candidate are references to the Assembly making a decision, by the required majority, that the candidate should not be appointed as Deputy Mayor for Policing and Crime. (5) For that purpose, the London Assembly makes that decision by the required majority if at least two-thirds of the votes given in making that decision are votes in favour of making that decision.Ó Financial matters 21 Police fund (1) Each elected local policing body must keep a fund to