part, on the nature of the local authoritiesÕ programmes, the means used to deliver the message, and the extent of the involvement of other agencies in the process. It is good practice for the full LRF to be given a chance to discuss BCM promotion work once each year. Identifying and engaging other external partners 8.73. Local authorities should consider engaging partner organisations in the process of providing information, advice and assistance to organisations that carry on commercial activities and to voluntary organisations. This should prove useful in communicating with firms and gaining their buy-in, providing support in organising events or forums, and as a source of BCM expertise. 8.1. Figure 8.1: Network of BCM promotion partners Representative groups Local Authorities Agenda groups 8.74. Figure 8.1 shows a range of organisations in both the public and private sectors that may be willing to collaborate with local authorities in this work. These are: o Within local authorities: Local authorities themselves have established links with the business community, which can be utilised when promoting BCM (e.g. Economic Development Units, City Centre Management Units and Community Safety Teams). Local authorities also have close links with voluntary organisations, which are often engaged as partners in service delivery. o Representative groups: There are a number of groups that represent the business community or sections of it (e.g. Confederation of British Industry, British Chambers of Commerce, and Federation of Small Businesses). Councils for Voluntary Service (CVS) are voluntary organisations which are set up, owned and run by local groups to support, promote and develop local voluntary and community action. CVS support their members by providing them with a range of services o and by acting as a voice for the local voluntary and community sector. They provide a useful way to identify the local voluntary sector community. There is a CVS working in almost every district and city in England, and they usually work within the same geographical boundaries as the local authority. To find your local CVS visit http://www.ncvo-vol.org.uk/ o Education bodies: Higher education institutions and colleges of further education may be effective partners in the promotion of BCM through their business courses. A number of higher education institutions also offer BCM qualification courses which may be useful to local authorities seeking to develop their competence in this area. o Professional bodies: There are a number of organisations that exist to promote the take-up and standards of business continuity in the business community, including the Business Continuity Institute and Continuity Forum. There are also professional bodies or institutes with a wider remit - including the Chartered Institute of Management and British Institute of Facilities Management - which can provide a way into the business community in an area. o Agenda groups: There are a range of bodies that can act as a conduit for BCM promotion work (e.g. Local Strategic Partnerships, Crime and Disorder Reduction Partnerships). o Commercial BCM providers: Commercial organisations providing a range of BCM services may be willing to sponsor business continuity