Schedule 3, and (b) any other provision of this Act so far as it applies in relation to an offence under section 21, nothing in this ActÓ. (3) WhereÑ (a) a person is in possession of a firearm or ammunition immediately before the day on which subsection (1) comes into force, (b) by reason of a sentence imposed before that day, subsection (1) would (but for this subsection) make the person's possession of the firearm or ammunition subject to a prohibition under section 21 of the Firearms Act 1968, and (c) the person's possession of the firearm or ammunition immediately before that day is authorised by a certificate within the meaning given in section 57(4) of that Act, the prohibition does not apply while the certificate remains in force. 111 Increased penalty for improper importation of firearms etc (1) The Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 is amended as follows. (1) 92 Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) PART 8 Ð Firearms CHAPTER 3 Ð Closure of premises associated with nuisance or disorder etc Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (2) In section 50 (penalty for improper importation of goods), in subsection (5A) (firearms and counterfeit currency etc), for the words after Òshall have effectÓ there is substituted Òas if for the words Òimprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 yearsÓ there were substituted the words Ò imprisonment for life ÓÓ. (3) In that sectionÑ (a) in subsection (4), after Ò(5A),Ó there is inserted Ò (5AA), Ó; (b) at the end of paragraph (a) of subsection (5A) there is inserted ÒorÓ; (c) paragraph (c) of that subsection and the word ÒorÓ before it are omitted; (d) after that subsection there is insertedÑ Ò(5AA) In the case of an offence under subsection (2) or (3) above committed in connection with the prohibition contained in section 20 of the Forgery and Counterfeiting Act 1981, subsection (4)(b) above shall have effect as if for the words Ò7 yearsÓ there were substituted the words Ò 10 years Ó.Ó (4) In section 170 (penalty for fraudulent evasion of duty or prohibition, etc), in subsection (4A) (firearms and counterfeit currency etc)Ñ (a) in paragraph (a), for Òsubsection (2) or (3)Ó there is substituted Ò subsection (1) or (2) Ó; (b) for the words after Òshall have effectÓ there is substituted Òas if for the words Òimprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 yearsÓ there were substituted the words Ò imprisonment for life ÓÓ. (5) In that sectionÑ (a) in subsection (3), after Ò(4A),Ó there is inserted Ò (4AA), Ó; (b) at