with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Police authorities etc. Vice-chairmen In Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act (police authorities outside London), after paragraph 9 there shall be inserted— “Vice-chairmen 9A (1) At an annual meeting a police authority may appoint one or more vice- chairmen from among its members. The making of appointments under sub-paragraph (1) shall be the first business transacted at the meeting after the appointment of the chairman. Where a vice-chairman ceases to hold office at any time between annual meetings, a police authority may make an appointment to fill the vacancy at any meeting of the authority held more than fourteen days after the occurrence of the vacancy. Subject to any standing orders made by a police authority, anything authorised or required to be done by, to or before their chairman may be done by, to or before any vice-chairman of the authority.” In Schedule 2A to that Act (the Metropolitan Police Authority), after paragraph 6 there shall be inserted— “Vice-chairmen 6A (1) At an annual meeting the Metropolitan Police Authority may appoint one or more vice-chairmen from among its members. The making of appointments under sub-paragraph (1) shall be the first business transacted at the meeting after the appointment of the chairman. Where a vice-chairman ceases to hold office at any time between annual meetings, the Metropolitan Police Authority may make an appointment to fill the vacancy at any meeting of the Authority held more than fourteen days after the occurrence of the vacancy. Subject to any standing orders made by the Metropolitan Police Authority, anything authorised or required to be done by, to or before their chairman may be done by, to or before any vice-chairman of the authority.” F227. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . In the following provisions (tenure of office, eligibility for reappointment and validity of acts of chairman and members of police authorities etc.)— paragraphs 17(1) and 21 to 23 of Schedule 2 to the 1996 Act,[F228 and] paragraphs 12(1) and 16 to 18 of Schedule 2A to that Act, F229. . . F229. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 5 – Police Organisation Chapter 3 – Other provisions for combatting crime and disorder Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes after “chairman”, wherever it occurs,