respect of that requirement, the injunction applicant must forthwith give a copy of the revoking order, or of so much of the order as amended as is relevant, to that person. 72 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Part 3 Detention Orders Detention orders 14 (1) A detention order is an order that the defaulter be detained for a period specified in the order in such youth detention accommodation as the Secretary of State may determine. (2) The period specified under sub-paragraph (1) may not exceed the period of three months beginning with the day after that on which the order is made. (3) In sub-paragraph (1) Òyouth detention accommodationÓ meansÑ (a) a secure training centre; (b) a young offender institution; (c) secure accommodation, as defined by section 23(12) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1969. (4) The function of the Secretary of State under sub-paragraph (1) is exercisable concurrently with the Youth Justice Board. (5) A person detained under a detention order is in legal custody. Revocation of detention order 15 (1) Where a detention order is made, the injunction applicant or the defaulter may apply to the appropriate court to revoke it. (2) If it appears to the court to which an application under sub-paragraph (1) is made to be in the interests of justice to do so, having regard to circumstances which have arisen since the detention order was made, the court may grant the application and revoke the order accordingly. (3) The circumstances referred to in sub-paragraph (2) include the conduct of the defaulter. (4) If an application made under sub-paragraph (1) in relation to a detention order is dismissed, no further such application may be made in relation to the order by any person without the consent of the appropriate court. (5) Before making an application under sub-paragraph (1) the injunction applicant must consultÑ (a) in the case of a detention order made under paragraph 1(1), the youth offending team referred to in paragraph 1(4)(a); or (b) in the case of a detention order made under paragraph 12(4)(b), the youth offending team referred to in paragraph 12(3)(a). 73 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Annex B List of key MagistratesÕ Courts Rules, Civil Procedure Rules and Practice Directions The MagistratesÕ Courts (Injunctions: Gang-related Violence) Rules 2015 SI No. 421 (L. 4) The SI can be found at Legislation.gov.uk Civil Procedure Rule 65 (proceedings relating to anti-social behaviour and harassment) and Practice Direction 65 Practice Direction 2B (allocation of cases to levels of judiciary) Civil Procedure Rule 21 (Children and Protected Parties) Civil Procedure Rule 30 (transfer) Civil Procedure Rule 52 (appeals) and Practice Direction 52 Civil Procedure Rule 5 (court documents) PART 81 - Applications and Proceedings in Relation to Contempt of Court These can be found on the Ministry of Justice website here: http://www.justice.gov.uk/civil/procrules_fin/menus/sched_ccr.htm www.justice.gov.uk Ý Courts Ý Procedure rules 74 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Annex