find the defendant guilty? Is it in the public interest to prosecute? That means asking questions including how serious the offence is, the impact on communities and whether prosecution is a proportionate response. Cases involving domestic abuse are regarded as particularly serious by the CPS given the abuse of trust involved. The CPS recognises the importance of understanding the barriers that victims may face in reporting and accessing justice. The CPS recognises the difficult decision victims may have to take before they report abuse and the vulnerable position many face. There may be an ongoing threat to the safety of victims as their life maybe closely intertwined with that of the perpetrator, for example, they may have dependents and they may live, or have lived, together. CPS legal guidance and training to prosecutors on handling cases of domestic abuse applies to all victims, and sets out handling on all aspects of offending related to domestic abuse including recognising the lasting trauma that victims and their extended families may face and reminding prosecutors that abuse can comprise controlling or coercive behaviour and can be psychological, physical, sexual, economic and emotional. Wider CPS guidance on offences including controlling or coercive behaviour; stalking and harassment; cybercrime; and ‘honour’-based abuse and forced marriage can also be relevant to domestic abuse cases. The CPS works closely with the police to build the strongest possible case in order to bring offenders to justice and is committed to taking all practicable steps to help victims through the often difficult experience of becoming involved in the criminal justice system. Working with the police, the CPS has developed a proactive prosecution approach, which requires prosecutors to assess as soon as possible whether there is sufficient other evidence to bring a prosecution without the need for the victim to attend court. This other evidence could include police body worn video footage and 999 recordings where appropriate. Victim’s Right to Review scheme Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance Both the police and CPS operate a Victims Right of Review (VRR) making it easier for people to seek a review of a decision not to bring charges or to terminate proceedings in eligible cases. The right to review police decisions is an entitlement under the Victim’s Code and the police should make victims aware of this right when providing an explanation for a police decision not to charge. For both VRR schemes, there is a three-month time limit to make a request. Reviews will be considered by a person independent of the original investigation and decision. The police VRR involves one review stage, conducted by an officer at least one rank higher than the original decision maker. The CPS VRR can include two stages comprising a local resolution stage and, if necessary, review by the national Appeals and Review Unit. The national guidance on the police VRR is being refreshed and an updated copy will be published later this year. Details can also be found on individual force websites. Further guidance on