to Òpublic place, andÓ. (5) In section 48(2) of the Forestry Act 1967 (powers of entry and enforcement), omit Òor against the Vagrancy Act 1824Ó. (6) In the Police Reform Act 2002Ñ (a) in Schedule 3C (powers of community support officers and community support volunteers)Ñ (i) omit paragraph 3(3)(b), (ii) omit paragraph 7(3), (iii) in paragraph 7(4), omit Òor (3)Ó, and (iv) in paragraph 7(7)(a), omit Òor (3)Ó, and (b) in Schedule 5 (powers exercisable by accredited persons), omit paragraph 2(3) (aa). (7) In the Sentencing CodeÑ (a) in section 20(1) (committal in certain cases where offender committed in respect of another offence)Ñ (i) at the end of paragraph (e), insert ÒorÓ, and (ii) omit paragraph (g) (and the ÒorÓ immediately before it), and (b) omit section 24(1)(f) (further powers to commit offender to the Crown Court to be dealt with). (8) The amendments and repeals made by this section do not apply in relation to an offence committed before this section comes into force. (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) 91 PART 3 Ð Public order CHAPTER 4 Ð Other provisions Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Expedited public spaces protection orders 82 Expedited public spaces protection orders (1) The Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is amended as follows. (2) After section 59 insertÑ Ò59A Power to make expedited public spaces protection orders (1) A local authority may make an expedited public spaces protection order (an Òexpedited orderÓ) in relation to a public place within the local authorityÕs area if satisfied on reasonable grounds that three conditions are met. (2) The first condition is that the public place is in the vicinity ofÑ (a) a school in the local authorityÕs area, or (b) a site in the local authorityÕs area where, or from whichÑ (i) vaccines are provided to members of the public by, or pursuant to arrangements with, an NHS body, or (ii) test and trace services are provided. The reference in paragraph (b)(i) to arrangements includes arrangements made by the NHS body in the exercise of functions of another person by virtue of any provision of the National Health Service Act 2006. (3) The second condition is that activities carried on, or likely to be carried on, in the public place by one or more individuals in the course of a protest or demonstration have had, or are likely to have, the effect ofÑ (a) harassing or intimidating members of staff or volunteers at the school or site, (b) harassing or intimidating persons using the services of the school