member of Wiltshire Police must ask themselves the following questions: - What are the background circumstances? - What are the motivations of the person making the offer? - Does the donor feel obliged to make the offer? - What would the perception of the public be should the gift or hospitality be accepted? 4. REFUSING GIFTS & HOSPITALITY Where the motivation behind the offer or the prevailing circumstances are inappropriate or could be perceived by the public as such then the offer must be refused there and then and the matter declared immediately via the electronic register. 4.1 Unacceptable gifts & hospitality There is no exhaustive list of circumstances where a gift or hospitality should be immediately refused, however, in the following examples offers must be refused regardless of the value or form that the gift or hospitality may take: • Gifts of thanks or tokens of affection from a member of the public that is or could be reasonably suspected to be an attempt to initiate or pursue a sexual or otherwise inappropriate relationship. • Individuals or groups seeking to achieve some form of political objective. • Individuals or groups seeking to prevent (by lawful means or otherwise) members of the public (as individuals, companies or employees) conducting a lawful activity. • • Individuals or groups involved in criminality or who advocate either active or passive non- compliance with the law. • A cash payment (other than donations to specific Police charities or Police supported charities) • A financial reward resulting from the publication of articles relating to the recipientÕs role or duties as a member of the Police Service. Acceptance in circumstances such as these could bring the integrity of the member of Wiltshire Police into question and leave the individual member of the Force open to accusations of corruption that could damage the public trust and confidence in the service. 5. ACCEPTING GIFTS & HOSPITALITY WITHOUT AUTHORISATION Where authorisation is denied the individual must not accept the offer made to them unless circumstances are such that sufficient offence would be caused to damage the relationship or image of the individual or the Force with that person or community. 5.1 Storage of unauthorised items In such cases where a gift is accepted without authorisation, management must be informed as soon as possible and the gift stored in a secure location on Police premises until advice regarding appropriate disposal can be obtained from CCU management (as delegated by the Head of Professional Standards) or a line manager of at least the rank of Inspector/Staff equivalent. If an unauthorised item is perishable and only accepted to prevent offence to the donor then it may not be appropriate to store for a reasonable amount of time pending advice on disposal (for example: food containing dairy or raw meat). In these circumstances it will be appropriate to dispose of the item(s) in an appropriate waste bin as soon as practicable. 5.2 Consumption of perishable Items prior to obtaining authorisation It is made