PER/dPER form keep a copy of the ACCT plan with the custody record Receiving an at-risk detainee There are occasions when the police take people into custody who are already serving a prison sentence. They could be on a care or support plan, having been identified as being at risk of suicide or self-harm. Some examples are when a prisoner is: lodged overnight in police cells because of the distance of the court from a prison, and they are due back in court the following morning released to police custody (sometimes referred to as a police presentation) because of outstanding elements of an investigation or new charges arrested on release from prison (known as a re-arrest or gate arrest) It is, therefore, possible that police custody staff have an at-risk prisoner temporarily in their custody, but have no information on how to maintain the care/support plan that is already in place for them. To assist police custody staff in these circumstances, the following information details the current systems used in prisons and YOIs and the signals that police custody staff need to look for. At-risk status When taking over responsibility for prisoners, officers and staff should always make an immediate check for at- risk status. All public and private prisons use the ACCT system to identify and care for prisoners thought to be at risk of suicide or self-harm. It is an assessment and care planning tool. There are two reasons for providing the police with the ACCT plan: custody staff are made aware of the risk and of what can be done to support the detainee and keep them safe when the detainee is returned, staff at the prison/YOI have information about any important events that occurred while in police custody, thereby aiding them to continue to care for the detainee If the ACCT plan is not returned to the prison/YOI, the second aspect is lost. ACCT plan Officers and staff should check the information on both the front and inside front cover of the ACCT plan if the detainee is on an open ACCT plan. In particular, they should look at the: ‘required frequency of conversations and observations’ box on the front cover triggers/warning signs box on the inside front cover as this may contain particular behaviours or events to be aware of ‘concern and keep safe form’ (page three of the ACCT form) to learn why the ACCT plan was opened Officers and staff should look at the current CAREMAP (pages 13 and 14 of the form) to see what action is required to keep the detainee safe. Occasionally, where the ACCT plan has only just been opened, there may not be anything written on the CAREMAP. In this case, staff should look at the immediate action plan (page four of the form) to see what action to take. They should also look at the Ongoing Record (pages 21 and 22 of the form) to see what has recently happened. They should check the PER/dPER for any