have access to the food necessary for a healthy lifestyle, a condition described as food insecurity. As of 2024, nearly 14% of Americans experience food insecurity.1 This proportion has remained relatively constant since 2001, despite numerous advancements in agriculture and technology.1 While food insecurity touches Americans across demographics, certain groups are disproportionately impacted. Namely, as of 2023, 23% of African American households, 22% of Latino households, and nearly 39% of impoverished households experienced food insecurity.1 Many lower-income households live in so-called “food deserts”. Food deserts are communities in which there is a lack of grocery stores, and where traveling to the nearest grocery store is inefficient and difficult at best. The high prices of healthy food compound the effects of food deserts, causing detrimental health impacts on low-income individuals.2,3 Specifically, the lack of nutritious food in a food desert increases the risks of various health issues, leading to a 0.8-4.7 years shorter life expectancy.3 Simultaneously, food production as a whole faces serious sustainability issues. Food production emissions (excluding those associated with land use) account for nearly a third of greenhouse gas emissions. Namely, the transportation of produce and its packaging in stores drive up food production’s environmental footprint.4 To protect both citizens and our planet, the US government should invest in sustainable and accessible food production methods. Policy Idea Congress should encourage the development of community gardens by providing application- based grants to USDA-designated Low-Access (LILA) neighborhoods (food deserts). To receive these grants, government leaders of towns must complete a simple application in which they outline their community’s eligibility for the program and their detailed plans to establish a community garden large enough for the demonstrated interest in the program. The application process should be made simple, but, if needed, government leaders should be encouraged to seek support from private corporations or the Office of Urban Agriculture and Innovative Production (OUAIP). City leaders should reapply for this program every couple of years and be subject to various accountability measures. Policy Analysis Providing grants for community gardens provides the initial incentive needed to kickstart the efforts despite upfront administrative burdens.5 Gardens initiated through a grant program would reduce the effects of food desert inhabitation. Citizens participating in a community garden are 3.5 times more likely to eat the recommended amount of fruits and vegetables.6 Additionally, one study finds that those in food deserts could save approximately $84 per month on food by utilizing community gardens.7 By increasing the consumption of healthy foods, community gardens were linked to improving physical and physiological health, helping close the health gap between citizens.8 Community gardens are also key in decreasing greenhouse gas emissions.9 A study published in the Landscape and Urban Planning Journal found that a kg produced in community gardens “had 2 kg lower emissions than one purchased.10 However, a recent study by the University of Michigan found that, if implemented incorrectly, community gardens may increase food production emissions. Creating the material needed for opening and maintaining the garden releases greenhouse gases that are