integrated emergency management (IEM). 31 The Regulations and this guidance apply to those responders listed in Parts 1 and 3 of Schedule 1 to the Act. These responders are referred to in the Regulations as ÒGeneral respondersÓ but for ease of reference they are referred to in this guidance as ÒCategory 1 and Category 2 respondersÓ. Parts 2 and 4 of Schedule 1 to the Act list the responders that exercise functions which fall within the competence of the Scottish Ministers. These responders are referred to in the Regulations as ÒScottish Category 1 respondersÓ and ÒScottish Category 2 respondersÓ 12.56. The following six activities are fundamental to an integrated approach: • anticipation; • assessment; • prevention; • preparation; • response; and • recovery management. 12.57. The Act focuses on two of these - assessment and preparation - and they are covered extensively in this volume of guidance on preparing for emergencies. The other volume of guidance, Emergency Response and Recovery, covers the final two - response and recovery management. 12.58. Anticipation is sometimes called horizon-scanning. Category 1 responders, with the support of Category 2 responders where appropriate, should aim to be aware of new hazards and threats which might affect their locality and be ready to revise their risk assessments and plans accordingly. They may also wish to consider a mechanism to inform the public of what to do according to any new hazards and threats. 12.59. Prevention is an important component of integrated emergency management. The Act does not deal with it to any great extent because it is largely a matter for other legislation, for example fire safety and industrial safety, building regulations, flood defence, maritime safety or health protection. More information can be found in Chapter 19 (The CCA and the fit with other legislation). Prevention under the Act is limited to actions that help prevent an emergency which may be about to occur. For example, activating an emergency plan in advance of a major public event. 12.60. Response and recovery management are addressed in Emergency Response and Recovery because they are not covered directly in the Act. They are concerned with managing the consequences of an emergency, rather than preparing to deal with one. 12.61. Although the Act focuses on preparedness for response to emergencies, it should be seen in the wider context of safety, risk and threat management. Also, although the discussion of preparedness under the Act concentrates on the maintenance of planning arrangements, effective management is the aim. Planning is a process of preparing a Category 1 responder, its managers and personnel for the act of managing an emergency. 12.62. The wide concept of IEM within and across Category 1 responders is geared to the idea of building greater overall resilience in the face of a broad range of disruptive challenges. If the response is to be truly effective in meeting the needs of everyone affected by an emergency, then all leaders of the community, industry and commerce should be aware of the contributions