on disruptive behaviour in a classroomÕ, Journal of Applied Behavioural Analysis, vol. 2 (2), pp 119Ð24. 17 This draws on the life story of Anne Frank and her diary to: challenge prejudice; reduce racial and ethnic hatred; encourage individuals to embrace democracy, positive attitudes and citizenship; and encourage respect for others, thus preventing a move towards hate-related offending. Other issues covered include identity, stereotyping and diversity. It has been assessed in an unpublished thesis Fraser, P. (2011) Does Holocaust Education Impact upon ChildrenÕs Attitudes Toward Others? A study examining the impact of learning about Anne FrankÕs life on eleven and twelve year olds, implicit and explicit attitudes toward out-groups, Thesis Part 2. Also see: www.ifs.org.uk/caytpubs/CAYT_Rep13.pdf. 18 A group of violence-prevention interventions that aim to change young peopleÕs attitudes towards key issues, such as alcohol use, racism, homophobic violence, arson and other anti-social behaviour, abusive relationships and guns and 1 gangs. The programme has a dual aim of changing young peopleÕs attitudes towards problematic issues as well as increasing attainment by supporting the national curriculum so that students become more engaged. See: www.arieltrust. com/detail/Its_Not_OK/186/82/staff.aspx (there is also a link on the page to a review of evaluations of the programme). 19 Available at: www.teachfind.com/national-strategies/seal- curriculum-materials-year-year. 20 Ross, A., Duckworth, K., Smith, D. J., Wyness, G. and Schoon, I. (2011) Prevention and Reduction: A review of strategies for intervening early to prevent or reduce youth crime and anti-social behaviour. London: Department for Education; Greene, J. and Pranis, K. (2007) Gang Wars: The failure of enforcement tactics and the need for effective public safety strategies. Washington DC: Justice Policy Institute. 21 See, for example, www.whatworksforchildren.org.uk/docs/ Nuggets/pdfs/parenting%20nugget.pdf. 22 For further details, including the contact details of organisations that may be able to help with setting up such a programme, see, for example: www.barnardos.org.uk/ cognitive_behaviour_therapy_for_behavioural_problems_ and_conduct_disorder_in_pre-adolescence-2.pdf. 23 Sethi, D., Hughes, K., Bellis, M., Mitis, F. and Racioppi, F. (2010) European Report on Preventing Violence and Knife Crime among Young People. World Health Organization. 24 World Health Organization (2010) op. cit., endnote 12. 25 World Health Organization (2010) op. cit., endnote 12; Durlak, J. A., Weissberg, R. P. and Pachan, M. (2010) ÔA meta-analysis of after-school programs that seek to promote personal and social skills in children and adolescentsÕ American Journal of Community Psychology, vol. 45, pp 294Ð 309. Drama programmes have also been associated with anger reduction in adult offender populations, see Blacker, J., Watson, A. and Beech, A. R. (2008) ÔA combined drama- based and CBT approach to working with self-reported anger aggressionÕ, Criminal Behaviour and Mental Health, vol. 18, pp 129Ð137. 26 Crawford, D. K. and Bodine, R. J. (1996) Conflict Resolution Education: A guide to implementing programs in schools, youth-serving organizations, and community and juvenile justice settings. Washington DC: US Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention; and US Department of Education, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, Safe and Drug-Free Schools Program. 27 Department for Education (2011)The use and effectiveness of anti-bullying strategies in