suitability and enforceability fromÑ (a) the individual to be specified under subsection (1), if an individual is to be specified; (b) an individual representing the organisation to be specified under subsection (1), if an organisation is to be specified. (3) Subsections (1) and (2) do not apply in relation to electronic monitoring requirements (see instead section 103FA(5) and (6)). (4) It is the duty of a person specified under subsection (1)Ñ (a) to make any necessary arrangements in connection with the requirements for which the person has responsibility (Òthe relevant requirementsÓ); (b) to promote the defendantÕs compliance with the relevant requirements; (c) if the person considers thatÑ (i) the defendant has complied with all the relevant requirements, or (ii) the defendant has failed to comply with a relevant requirement, to inform the appropriate chief officer of police. (5) In subsection (4)(c) the Òappropriate chief officer of police meansÑ (a) the chief officer of police for the police area in which it appears to the person specified under subsection (1) that the defendant resides, or (b) if it appears to that person that the defendant resides in more than one police area, whichever of the chief officers of police of those areas the person thinks it is most appropriate to inform. (6) A defendant subject to a requirement imposed by a sexual harm prevention order mustÑ (1) Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 211 Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (a) keep in touch with the person specified under subsection (1) in relation to that requirement, in accordance with any instructions given by that person from time to time, and (b) notify that person of any change of the defendantÕs home address. These obligations have effect as requirements of the order.Ó (11) In section 103E (sexual harm prevention orders: variations, renewals and discharges) Ñ (a) in subsection (5)Ñ (i) in the words before paragraph (a), after ÒprohibitionsÓ insert Òor requirementsÓ, and (ii) in the words after paragraph (b), after ÒprohibitionsÓ insert Òand requirementsÓ, (b) after subsection (5) insertÑ Ò(5A) Any additional prohibitions or requirements that are imposed on the defendant must, so far as practicable, be such as to avoidÑ (a) any conflict with the defendantÕs religious beliefs, (b) any interference with the times, if any, at which the defendant normally works or attends any educational establishment, and (c) any conflict with any other court order or injunction to which the defendant may be subject.Ó, and (c) in subsection (8), after ÒprohibitionsÓ insert