Chief Constable. o an explanation as to why the responder has not taken action to comply with its duties under Part 1 of the Act in relation to its devolved functions. 13.7. Powers in relation to non-devolved functions of the PSNI would be exercised by a Minister of the Crown. Local arrangements for assurance and accountability 13.8. Regulations require that specific and generic emergency plans drawn up by Category 1 organisations include provisions to test and exercise those plans.8 13.9. The government relies on: o all Category 1 responders, as members of the Local Resilience Forum (LRF), taking ownership and responsibility for their performance and supporting their members and partners. By ensuring that: • responders fulfil their roles within this framework and, where appropriate, issues are escalated or de-escalated; and • members are committed to ensuring the partnership is strong and they can promote high consistent standards and make effective, efficient use of resources. o current good practice in performance management within responders and forums; o locally driven reviews of plans and risk assessments to provide assurance as part of the Big Society agenda and Localism Bill 9 ; and o established audit and regulatory bodies across the Category 1 and 2 organisations to assess performance. 8 Reg 25 9 Regulations also require Category 1 responders to publish community risk registers. It is likely that many responders will be subject to locally driven accountability through the localism agenda, which empowers communities to take decisions about their area and the delivery of public services 13.10. A forum could become aware of its collective, corporate strengths and weaknesses, or those of an organisation, through communication from organisations, whistle-blowers, regulators, government departments and agencies, the media, inquiries, de-briefs, or complaints from members of the public. 13.11. Category 1 and 2 responders need to assure themselves that their arrangements and plans are robust. Those that have legal responsibilities (under the Civil Contingencies Act and other legislation) need to be constantly vigilant to ensure that they are meeting their responsibilities. 13.12. Responders should ensure their systems, plans and processes in relation to emergency preparedness are fit for purpose. Periodic reviews of these, using the suggested methods and guidance in paragraphs 13.13 - 13.14 will help them identify their strengths and weaknesses and provide external assurance, where required, to such bodies as: o Partners in the wider resilience community ; o Peer groups; o Local resilience forums; o Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG) Resilience and Emergencies Division (DCLG RED); o Scottish Government; o Welsh Government ; o Northern Ireland Executive; o Regulators and inspectorates; o Cabinet Office Civil Contingencies Secretariat; and o The local community. o 13.13. Responders work together identifying strengths and weaknesses to support and challenge each other within local resilience forums or the wider resilience community to: o develop knowledge, skills, attributes and capacity; o identify capability gaps or emerging issues; and o resolve issues by sharing lessons, focusing on improvements and improving transparency to demonstrate improvements in relation to local