be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Use of investigatory powers by or on behalf of the [F230Director General] The Secretary of State may by order make such provision as he thinks appropriate for the purpose of authorising— the use of directed and intrusive surveillance, and the conduct and use of covert human intelligence sources, for the purposes of, or for purposes connected with, the carrying out of the [F231Director General's] functions. An order under this section may, for the purposes of or in connection with any such provision as is mentioned in subsection (1), provide for— Parts 2 and 4 the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (c. 23) (surveillance and covert human intelligence sources and scrutiny of investigatory powers), and Part 3 of the 1997 Act (authorisations in respect of property), to have effect with such modifications as may be specified in the order. The Secretary of State shall not make an order containing (with or without any other provision) any provision authorised by this section unless a draft of that order has been laid before Parliament and approved by a resolution of each House. Expressions used in this section and in Part 2 of the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 have the same meanings in this section as in that Part. [F232(5) But the reference in subsection (1)(b) to the conduct of covert human intelligence sources does not include conduct which may be authorised under section 29B of that Act (criminal conduct authorisations).] 42 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2 – Complaints and Misconduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Duty to keep the complainant informed In any case in which there is an investigation of a complaint in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3— by the [F233Director General], or under [F234the Director General's][F235direction], it shall be the duty of the [F233Director General] to provide the complainant with all such information as will keep him properly informed, while the investigation is being carried out and subsequently, of all the matters mentioned in subsection (4). In any case in which there is an investigation of a complaint in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3— by the appropriate authority on its own behalf, F236... F237(b) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .