contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Children [F4754A Independent Family Returns Panel (1) The Independent Family Returns Panel is established. (2) The Secretary of State must consult the Independent Family Returns PanelÑ (a) in each family returns case, on how best to safeguard and promote the welfare of the children of the family, and (b) in each case where the Secretary of State proposes to detain a family in pre- departure accommodation, on the suitability of so doing, having particular regard to the need to safeguard and promote the welfare of the children of the family. (3) A family returns case is a case whereÑ (a) a child who is living in the United Kingdom is to be removed from or required to leave the United Kingdom, and (b) an individual whoÑ (i) is a parent of the child or has care of the child, and (ii) is living in a household in the United Kingdom with the child, is also to be removed from or required to leave the United Kingdom. (4) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision aboutÑ (a) additional functions of the Independent Family Returns Panel, (b) its status and constitution, (c) the appointment of its members, (d) the payment of remuneration and allowances to its members, and (e) any other matters in connection with its establishment and operation. (5) Regulations under this section must be made by statutory instrument. (6) An instrument containing regulations under this section is subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament. (7) In this sectionÑ ÒchildÓ means a person who is under the age of 18; Òpre-departure accommodationÓ has the same meaning as in Part 8 of the Immigration and Asylum Act 1999; references to a person being removed from or required to leave the United Kingdom are to the person being removed or required to leave in accordance with a provision of the Immigration Acts.] Part 4 Ð Miscellaneous and general Document Generated: 2024-05-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Borders, Citizenship and Immigration Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 55 Duty regarding the welfare of children (1) The Secretary of State must make arrangements for ensuring thatÑ (a) the functions mentioned in subsection (2) are discharged having regard to the need