order under that Act, would put the child 199 Section 1(1) of the Children Act 1989. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance concerned, or another individual, at risk of harm. Risk of harm includes risk of harm from domestic abuse, including seeing or hearing it. Once brought into force, section 65 of the 2021 Act will prevent perpetrators from cross-examining their victims in person and vice versa in specified circumstances in family proceedings in England and Wales. Such cross-examination in person can serve to re-traumatise victims and prevent them giving their best evidence in court. This will apply for example, where a party or witness is a victim of a specified offence or there is a relevant injunction in place. The 2021 Act will also allow domestic abuse victims in family proceedings to introduce evidence (for example, a letter from a doctor or an employer) of domestic abuse perpetrated by a party to the proceedings towards a witness (or vice versa) in order to qualify for this ban. Regulations200 have been made specifying the types of specified offence, protective injunctions and evidence that are relevant for the purpose of prohibiting cross-examination in family proceedings. Section 63 of the 2021 Act provides for special measures in family proceedings. It mandates an amendment to the existing Family Procedure Rules at Part 3A, to automatically deem as “vulnerable” victims of domestic abuse for the purposes of determining whether a participation direction should be ordered. Specifically, it requires that rules of court must provide that where a party or witness in family proceedings is, or is at risk of being, a victim of domestic abuse carried out by a party, a relative of a party, or a witness, it is to be assumed that the quality of their evidence, and their participation in the proceedings are likely to be diminished by reason of vulnerability. An exception may be included in rules to cover instances where a person does not wish to be deemed eligible for a special measures’ direction. Protective Orders Victims or other professional agencies, depending on the nature of the abuse, can apply for a protective measure to protect a victim or a person who may become a victim of abuse. Applications for injunctions – either non-molestation or occupation orders - can be made to the family court and emergency injunctions can be ordered at the judge’s discretion, without the perpetrator’s knowledge. Courts can make protective orders of their own volition, to protect a victim or person at risk, where statute provides for this. A summary table of protective orders for victims of domestic abuse is at Annex D. Jobcentre Plus Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) employees are highly likely to come into contact with victims of domestic abuse and staff undertake learning to be able to 200 The Prohibition of Cross-Examination in Person (Civil and Family Proceedings) Regulations 2022 (legislation.gov.uk). Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance support customers. Each jobcentre has assigned domestic abuse points of contact who have undergone