at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (5) The amendments made by this section have effect only in relation to driving occurring after this section comes into force. 6 Meaning of careless driving: constables etc (1) Section 3ZA of the Road Traffic Act 1988 (meaning of careless driving) is amended in accordance with subsections (2) to (4). (2) In subsection (2), after Òdriver.Ó insert ÒBut this subsection does not apply where subsection (2B) applies.Ó (3) After subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(2A) Subsection (2B) applies where a designated personÑ (a) is driving for police purposes (subject to subsections (2E) and (2F)), and (b) has undertaken prescribed training. (2B) The designated person is to be regarded as driving without due care and attention if (and only if) the way the person drives falls below what would be expected of a competent and careful constable who has undertaken the same prescribed training. (2C) In subsections (2A) and (2B) Òdesignated personÓ meansÑ (a) a constable, (b) a member of staff appointed by the chief officer of police of a police force in England and Wales, (c) a member of staff appointed by a local policing body and employed to assist a police force in England and Wales, (d) a member of staff appointed by the Scottish Police Authority under section 26(1) of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012 (asp 8), (e) an employee of the British Transport Police Authority appointed under section 27 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003, (f) a person employed or engaged byÑ (i) a chief officer of police, (ii) the British Transport Police Authority, (iii) the Civil Nuclear Police Authority, (iv) the chief constable for the Ministry of Defence Police, or (v) the Scottish Police Authority, to train a person within any of paragraphs (a) to (e) to drive for police purposes, (g) a person employed or engaged by a person within paragraph (f)(i) to (v) to train another person to carry out training of the kind mentioned in that paragraph, 12 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 1 Ð Protection of the police etc Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (h) a National Crime Agency officer, or (i) a person engaged by the National Crime AgencyÑ (i) to train a National Crime Agency officer to drive for law enforcement purposes, or (ii) to train another person to carry out training of the kind mentioned in sub-paragraph (i). (2D) In subsection