persons who may be appointed to carry out investigations etc). An authorisation under this paragraph does not prevent the Director General from exercising the function to which the authorisation relates. Anything done or omitted to be done by or in relation to a person authorised under this paragraph in, or in connection with, the exercise or purported exercise of the function to which the authorisation relates is to be treated for all purposes as done or omitted to be done by or in relation to the Director General. Sub-paragraph (13) does not apply for the purposes of any criminal proceedings brought in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by the authorised person.] Superannuation and insurance 7 (1) Where a person who— is employed by the [F601Office], and is by reference to that employment a participant in a scheme under section 1 of the Superannuation Act 1972 (c. 11), is appointed as the [F602Director General]F603..., the Treasury may determine that his service in that office shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as service as an employee of the [F601Office]; and his rights under the scheme shall not be affected by anything done under paragraph 4. (2) The Employers’ Liability (Compulsory Insurance) Act 1969 (c. 57) shall not require insurance to be effected by the [F601Office]. 162 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 2 – The Independent Office for Police Conduct Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Liability for acts of the Director General [F6047A(1) A person holding office as the Director General has no personal liability for an act or omission done by the person in the exercise of the Director General's functions unless it is shown to have been done otherwise than in good faith. The Office is liable in respect of unlawful conduct of the Director General in the carrying out, or purported carrying out, of the Director General's functions in the same way as an employer is liable in respect of any unlawful conduct of employees in the course of their employment. Accordingly, the Office is to be treated, in the case of any such unlawful conduct which is a tort, as a joint tortfeasor.] Liability for acts of seconded staff 8 (1) The [F605Office] shall be liable in respect of unlawful conduct of seconded constables in the carrying out, or purported carrying out, of their functions as members of the [F606Office's] staff in the like manner as an employer is liable in respect of any unlawful conduct of his employees in the course of their employment. Accordingly, the [F605Office] shall be