Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Investigations by the appropriate authority on its own behalf 1[6F739(A1) This paragraph applies if the appropriate authority, acting in accordance with paragraph 6(2A) or in response to a recommendation under paragraph 6A(6)(b), is to make arrangements for a complaint to be investigated by the appropriate authority on its own behalf.] (1) This paragraph [F740also] applies if the appropriate authority is required by virtue ofÑ F741(a) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (b) any determination made by the [F632Director General] under paragraph 15, to make arrangements for a complaint[F742, recordable conduct matter or DSI matter] to be investigated by the appropriate authority on its own behalf. (2) This paragraph also applies ifÑ (a) a determination falls to be made by that authority under paragraph [F74310(4D)], or [F74411(3E)] or 14(2) in relation to any recordable conduct matter [F745or under paragraph 14D(2) in relation to any DSI matter]; and (b) the appropriate authority determine that it is necessary for the matter to be investigated by the authority on its own behalf. (3) Subject to sub-paragraph (4) [F746or (5)], it shall be the duty of the appropriate authority to appointÑ (a) a person serving with the police (whether under the direction and control of the chief officer of police of the relevant force or of the chief officer of another force), or [F747(d) a National Crime Agency officer,] to investigate the complaint or matter. (4) The person appointed under this paragraph to investigate any complaint or [F748conduct matter]Ñ (a) in the case of an investigation relating to any conduct of a chief officer, must not be a person under that chief officerÕs direction and control; and (b) in the case of an investigation relating to any conduct of the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or of the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, must be the person nominated by the Secretary of State for appointment under this paragraph. [F749(5) The person appointed under this paragraph to investigate any DSI matterÑ (a) in relation to which the relevant officer is a chief officer, must not be a person under that chief officer's direction and control; (b) in relation to which the relevant officer is the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis or the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, must be the person nominated by the Secretary of State for appointment under this paragraph.] (a) Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) SCHEDULE 3 Ð