the Vintage Arms Association; (v) The collection will usually need to be established and substantial before a firearm certificate with a section 7 condition is granted. The police will not normally grant a certificate for a single gun to begin a collection, unless there is very strong evidence that this will, in a short period of time, form part of a larger collection (although some collectors may have smaller collections). It should be recognised that since 1997, the availability of this category of firearm is much reduced and hence it may not be easily or quickly acquired; (vi) If a firearm certificate is granted in respect of a collection, the police will wish to consider applications to acquire further historic firearms on individual merits. In particular, the police will wish to be satisfied that any new guns will form a proper part of the existing collection which may have more than one theme; (vii) Anyone wishing to begin a collection will have to provide evidence of a genuine and well-established interest in historic firearms (see also (v) above). 9.20 If the gun falls into the above category and forms part of a genuine collection, then it might be eligible to be kept at home without ammunition. The term Ôat homeÕ is a term used in this guidance rather than set in legislation. Section 7(1) of the 1997 Act refers to a certificate allowing the firearm to be in the personÕs possession. If the gun does not fall into the above category, or if the owner wishes to fire the gun, then section 7(3) may apply. While the term Òat homeÓ is used to distinguish these guns from those held at a designated site, this does not preclude the owner from removing the guns under the authority of their certificate, for example to take them to an auction, or an exhibition of historic arms or illustrate a lecture. Notification to police is only required where this is a condition of the certificate. Such a condition is not standard and would need to be agreed and where used, carefully worded for the circumstances. 9.21 The certificate allows the certificate holder, not other people, to possess the firearm. Therefore, if other people possess the firearm, they would be committing an offence under section 1 of the 1968 Act. Whether or not handling constitutes possession will depend upon the circumstances and the context. The cases of Hall v Cotton 1987 and Woodage v Moss 1974 provide some principles as follows: i. Possession can include having a firearm under your control without it being in your physical possession, or in your home e.g. if someone keeps a firearm in a locked cabinet in their relationÕs house. 70 Guide on Firearms Licensing Law ii. The concept of possession includes both proprietary and custodial possession, i.e. both ownership/control and physical possession. There is a distinction between custody and possession, so proprietary possession and custodial possession are two different concepts. iii. A person can remain in ÒpossessionÓ of