Wiltshire PoliceÕs position is that we will use the term Honour Based Abuse. This includes Honour Based Violence but recognises that some Abuse will not be violent (in compliance with the Home Office definition for Domestic Abuse). Please refer to Appendix A for definitions of Honour Based Abuse, Female Genital Mutilation and Forced Marriage. Strategic Intent Wiltshire Police commit to: 1. building the trust and confidence of affected communities in the police service so that they seek our help directly. 2. reduce the under-reporting of all forms of honour based abuse 3. provide an effective proactive response on every occasion our help is sought; recognising & responding effectively to risk, keeping victimsÕ safe and holding offenders to account. 4. proactively engage with communities, raises awareness and identifies victims, prospective victims and perpetrators 5. demonstrate the Police ServiceÕs leadership on the issues as well as playing an effective role in the coalition of partners to tackle HBA. There are also three key principles that will underpin everything that Wiltshire Police does with respect to HBA/FGM/FM: • That victims have got a fundamental right to be believed, • Putting victims (and their children) safety and well-being at the heart of our initial responses and investigations; and • That their personal details will be stored, managed and handled with integrity and confidentially. • Role of the Police Service The police serviceÕs core responsibilities are: • Protecting life and property • Preventing and Detecting crime • Maintenance of HM The QueenÕs Peace, which we will aim to do in a professional, effective, efficient and legitimate way. That said the police can only deliver its role and achieve its objectives with the consent and support of the public. One of the fundamental cornerstones of British Policing is policing by and with consent of the public, therefore our proactive engagement and work with the community, other public authorities and third sector agencies is crucial if we are to deliver our services in an effective and efficient way. In the context of HBA this includes aspiring to actively work with affected communities, the wider community, statutory agencies (including health, education, local authorities, Safeguarding Vulnerable People Partnerships etc) and specialist non-government organisations (NGOs). Investigators should have the confidence to prioritise the safeguarding of victims (and their children) over the prosecution of perpetrators. Role of the Public Protection Department The Wiltshire Police operating model means that first reports of HBA/FGM/FM will routinely be dealt with by CCC (Crime and Communication Centre) staff or Enquiry Office Staff. These incidents should be treated as a priority and it is anticipated that response officers will ordinarily provide that first face to face response. It is also accepted that, at an early opportunity, the Safeguarding Team within the Public Protection Department will be contacted and they will routinely take ownership of the investigation once the initial risk has been identified and managed by response officers. In the case of a time critical, emergency response, outside of PPDÕs operating hours, then the FIM can