control room (if you have one). New automatic fire detection systems should be designed and installed by a competent person. Further guidance is given in BS 5839-116 or a more recent standard where applicable. Where the public address system is part of the fire warning system it should be connected to an auxiliary power source to ensure the continued use of the system in the event of fire or other emergency. Whichever warning or detection systems are in place, however, if a fire occurs the fire and rescue service should always be called immediately. 2.3 Reducing false alarms False alarms from automatic fire detection systems are a major problem and result in many unwanted calls to the fire and rescue service every year. Guidance on reducing false alarms has been published by ODPM/ CFOA/BFPSA.15 If there are excessive false alarms in your premises, people may become complacent and not respond correctly to a warning of a real fire. In such circumstances, you may be failing to comply with fire safety law. All false alarms should be investigated to identify the cause of the problem and remedial action taken. To help reduce the number of false alarms, the system design and location of detection and activation devices should be reviewed against the way the premises are currently used. For example, if a store room has been converted to staff area with cooking facilities (e.g. a microwave and toaster) then the likelihood of the detector being set off is increased. Consequently, subject to the outcome of the fire risk assessment a heat detector may be more appropriate. Similarly, if a manual call point is placed in a storage area where there is continual movement of stock, the call point is likely to be accidentally damaged. In this case a simple, fabricated hinged metal guard around the call point is likely to solve the problem. Occasionally people set off a manual call point in the genuine, but incorrect belief that there is a fire. Nothing should be done to discourage such actions and the number of false alarms generated this way is not significant. Further detailed guidance on reducing false alarms is available in BS 5839-1.16 2.4 Staged fire alarms In the vast majority of premises sounding the fire warning system should trigger the immediate and total evacuation of the building. However, in some large or complex premises this may not be necessary as alternative arrangements may be in place. 54 These alternative arrangements broadly fall into two groups. Firstly, those people potentially most at risk from a fire, usually those closest to where the alarm was activated, will be immediately evacuated, while others in the building are given an alert signal and will only evacuate if it becomes necessary. This is generally called a phased evacuation and the initial movement, depending on the layout and configuration of the premises, can be either horizontal or vertical. The second alternative is for the initial alert signal to be given to certain staff, who then