this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 127 (2) In relation to property that has come into the possession of the National Crime SquadÑ (a) the reference in section 1(1) to an officer of police is a reference to a member of that Squad; and (b) references in section 2 to the property remaining in the possession of the police are references to its remaining in the possession of that Squad. (3) The power to make regulations under section 2 has effect in relation to property that has come into the possession of the National Crime Squad as ifÑ (a) the relevant authority for the purposes of subsection (2A) of that section were the Service Authority for that Squad; and (b) the reference in subsection (2A)(c) of that section to police purposes were a reference to the purposes of that Squad.Ó (2) In section (2) of that Act (regulations), for subsection (2B) there shall be substitutedÑ Ò(2B) The relevant authority for the purposes of subsection (2A) is the police authority.Ó PART 5 THE MINISTRY OF DEFENCE POLICE 78 Ministry of Defence police serving with other forces After section 2A of the Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 (c. 4) (provision of assistance to other forces) there shall be insertedÑ Ò2B Constables serving with other forces (1) This section applies where a member of the Ministry of Defence Police serves with a relevant force under arrangements made between the chief officer of that force and the chief constable of the Ministry of Defence Police. (2) The member of the Ministry of Defence PoliceÑ (a) shall be under the direction and control of the chief officer of the relevant force; and (b) shall have the same powers and privileges as a member of that force. (3) In this sectionÑ ÒBritish Transport Police ForceÓ has the same meaning as in section 2 above; Òchief officerÓ meansÑ (a) any chief officer of police of a police force for a police area in Great Britain; (b) the chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland; (c) the Director General of the National Criminal Intelligence Service; (d) the Director General of the National Crime Squad; (a) 128 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 5 Ð The Ministry of Defence Police Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that