Cell, CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 5 Suspects, victims, witnesses, offenders, vehicles, objects, MCIT Intelligence Unit Intelligence locations, events and TIE nominals for Major Crime Live Cell, Investigations; as directed by SIO or Intelligence Manager in CCC (Only accordance with operational policy. to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 6 Persons, objects, locations and events involved in Level 1, 2 or 3 Intelligence Unit Intelligence Intelligence or Organised Crime Groups. To be conducted if the Live Cell, Intelligence Officer/Manager or SIO determines that a PND CCC (Only check would aide/enhance development. to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 7 All suspects, victims, offenders, vehicles, objects, locations and Live Cell Intelligence Unit Intelligence events associated to Critical Incidents; as directed by the SIO or Comms Live Cell, Intelligence Manager in accordance with operational policy. CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 8 All Level One Missing Persons or any MISPER as directed by the FIM or Duty Inspector. PNC Bureau Intelligence Unit Intelligence Live Cell, CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 9 All VISOR nominals (linked objects, locations, events) MOSOVO Intelligence Live Cell, CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 10 Special Branch nominals (linked objects, locations, events) Special Branch Intelligence Live Cell, CCC (Only to be completed for urgent cases, primarily for preservation of life.). 11 Vetting of new employees (linked persons, objects, locations, events) Vetting Unit 12 All persons applying for or renewing all firearms, shot guns, explosives, Registered Firearms Dealers, grants and renewals. Firearms Department 13 All MOPI 1 and 2 nominals subject of a RRD Review RRD Unit Data Management Data Provided to the PND Wiltshire Police will supply data in accordance with the Home Office ÔPND Logical Data ModelÕ from the following business areas: o Crime Ð Crime records for notifiable crimes recorded on Niche since May 2013, including linked suspects or offenders together with linked locations and object records. We will not provide the Investigation Log as this contains free text making research difficult and increases the risk of sensitive policing tactics being disclosed. o Intelligence Ð Intelligence reports recorded on Niche since May 2013, including linked suspects or offenders together with linked locations and object records. Source and provenance information will not be provided. Intelligence with a Handling code of 4 or 5 will o be supplied but secured with the appropriate PND DARC (Data Access Restriction Codes). There is currently a National pilot testing the sharing of this intelligence with specific authorised units in the Regional Organised Crime Units. o Custody Ð Custody records recorded on Niche since February 2014 for all arrested persons in Wiltshire, including the disposal of the detention and the custody photograph. The Detention Log element will not be supplied. o Domestic Abuse Ð Crime or Crime Related Incident (CRI) records of all domestic