minimum standard for housing (b) it is in a reasonable state of repair (c) it has reasonably modern facilities and services and (d) it provides a reasonable degree of thermal comfort. English Housing Survey: a continuous national survey commissioned by the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government (MHCLG). It collects information about peopleÕs housing circumstances and the condition and energy efficiency of housing in England. Green Paper: a consultation document produced by the government. The aim of this document is to allow people both inside and outside Parliament to give the department feedback on its policy or legislative proposals. Homes England: the national housing delivery agency. Housing association: a non-profit organisation set up to provide affordable homes for those in need. Housing Revenue Account: a local authority account in which all income and spending arising from its social housing stock is managed. Leasehold: Leasehold is a form of ownership normally used for flats (but occasionally for houses) that is a long tenancy, providing the right to occupation and use of the property for a long period Ð the ÔtermÕ of the lease. The lease can be assigned during this term by the owner of the long lease. Leaseholder: A person who buys a leasehold property on a long lease. Memorandum of Understanding: a framework that sets out how two parties will work together on a particular issue. National Planning Policy Framework: a framework that sets out the GovernmentÕs planning policies for England and how these are expected to be applied. Private Registered Provider: a registered provider of social housing that is not a local authority. Most are housing associations. Private Rented Sector: homes for rent that are owned and managed by private landlords. Registered provider of social housing: a social housing landlord that is registered with the Regulator of Social Housing. This includes local authority landlords and private registered providers (such as housing associations and housing co-operatives). Right to Buy: this scheme allows tenants of local authorities and some housing associations, with a secure tenancy, to purchase their home, with a discount. Right to Buy Receipts: money arising from the sale of local authority homes sold either under the Right to Buy legislation or sold voluntarily to secure tenants at less than market value. 72 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper Right to Shared Ownership: is a new right introduced in 2020, which will give the vast majority of social tenants, living in new rented homes delivered by the Affordable Homes Programme 2021/26, the opportunity to purchase a stake in their home and then purchase further shares when they can afford to do so. Shared ownership: an affordable home ownership scheme that allows residents to purchase 25%-75% of a home and then pay a subsidised rent on the remaining share. Residents are able to buy further shares in their homes in minimum 10% instalments, and in most circumstances, up to full ownership. Social Housing: housing to rent below the market rent or to buy