ensure, as far as practicable, that any requirement imposed by a supervision order is such as to avoid— any conflict with the defaulter's religious beliefs, any interference with the times, if any, at which the defaulter normally works or attends school or any other educational establishment, and any conflict with the requirements of any other court order or injunction to which the defaulter may be subject. A supervision order must for the purposes of this Schedule specify a maximum period for the operation of any requirement contained in the order. The period specified under sub-paragraph (5) may not exceed six months beginning with the day after that on which the supervision order is made. A supervision order must for the purposes of this Schedule specify a youth offending team established under section 39 of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998. The youth offending team specified under sub-paragraph (7) is to be— the youth offending team in whose area it appears to the court that the respondent will reside during the period specified under sub-paragraph (5), or where it appears to the court that the respondent will reside in the area of two or more such teams, such one of those teams as the court may determine. Supervision requirements (1) In this Schedule, “ supervision requirement ”, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter attend appointments with— Policing and Crime Act 2009 (c. 26) SCHEDULE 5A – Breach of injunction: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-06 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Policing and Crime Act 2009 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 06 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 173 the responsible officer, or another person determined by the responsible officer, at such times and places as may be instructed by the responsible officer. (2) The appointments must be within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5). Activity requirements (1) In this Schedule, “ activity requirement ”, in relation to a supervision order, means a requirement that the defaulter do any or all of the following within the period for the time being specified in the order under paragraph 2(5)— participate, on such number of days as may be specified in the order, in activities at a place, or places, so specified; participate in an activity or activities specified in the order on such number of days as may be so specified; participate in one or more residential exercises for a continuous period or periods comprising such number or numbers of days as may be specified in the order; in accordance with sub-paragraphs (6) to (9), engage in activities in accordance with instructions of the responsible