who are sick for a reason unrelated to pregnancy will be treated equally and consistently with other employees who are off sick for other reasons. Any pregnancy specific sickness absences will be discounted for the purpose of management escalation of the Organisational Attendance Management Procedures. They should however be recorded as pregnancy related sickness absence for reporting purposes. If you are absent due to a pregnancy related illness after the 4th week prior to the EWC, your maternity leave and pay will automatically commence at that point. Once your maternity leave has commenced, you will not be entitled to sickness payments as you will be receiving SMP during that time and are officially on maternity leave. If you are off work after week 36 (4 weeks before your EWC) because of a pregnancy related reason (such as police maternity leave or a pregnancy related sickness) your statutory maternity leave and pay will automatically commence at that point (but not your police maternity leave and pay. This will start on the date you have previously notified). There is no entitlement to sick pay during the period of maternity leave. 1.12 Early & Late Births If the notified start date of your maternity leave is the date on which your baby is due, where your baby is late this will not entitle you to postpone the start date. It must still begin on the date notified. In the unusual event of a live birth occurring before a pregnancy reaches 24 weeks, normal maternity rights, including maternity leave and pay will apply, even if the baby lives for only a short time. In the tragic circumstance of the baby not surviving early birth, you will also be entitled to statutory parental bereavement leave and pay (Please refer to section 5). 1.13 Maternity Ð Maintaining Contact It is important that while you are on maternity leave you do not lose contact with your department/division. Your line manager should take responsibility for maintaining contact with you while you are absent. Prior to commencement of maternity leave, you and your manager should agree the frequency and method of contact. No formal contact will be made with you during Compulsory Maternity Leave (the two weeks following the birth of your baby). 1.14 Keeping in Touch Days Keeping in Touch days have been introduced as a way to ease the return to work following a period of Maternity Leave. You can work up to and including 10 days during your period of maternity leave. You will not lose any of your SMP for working up to 10 days however, you will lose your SMP for any week in which you do any further work in addition to those 10 days. Keeping in Touch days will be paid at SMP rate, then topped up to your normal contractual pay for that day. Please note you will only be paid for the hours you work however this will still count as a KIT day. Keeping in Touch days are optional,