is necessary for the application to be made without notice having been given. Has the applicant identified any security issues which may impact on the courtÕs risk assessment when handling the case? Has the applicant made the necessary arrangements with the local police to arrange for a police presence if necessary? Details of police contact point: Is access to special measures required for the purpose of the hearing? E.g. Facilities such as wheelchair access, sign language, witness screens, additional security provisions etc. Details of any special measures required and arranged by applicant and/or court: 76 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing ACTION YES NO Are there appropriate witness facilities e.g. a separate waiting area, video link etc, available if required? Have arrangements been made to transfer the case to another court with the appropriate facilities if required? 77 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Annex D The Civil Procedure Rules and supplementary Practice Directions can be found on the Ministry of Justice website here: http://www.justice.gov.uk/courts/procedure-rules/civil 78 Statutory Guidance Injunctions to Prevent Gang-Related Violence and Gang-Related Drug Dealing Annex E Links to Form N16A: Applying for an injunction and Form N244: Application for notice (for breach, variation and discharge of an injunction) for Gang Injunctions against adults These forms can be found on the Ministry of Justice website here: http://hmctsformfinder.justice.gov.uk/HMCTS/FormFinder.do 79 Home Crime, justice and law Knife, gun and gang crime News story Stricter age-verification checks for all knife retailers Stricter age verification checks and a ban on doorstep drops will be introduced to greater protect young people from knife crime. From: Home O?ce and The Rt Hon Yvette Cooper MP Published 28 January 2025 Image: Getty Images These new measures will also prevent weapons getting into the wrong hands. A stringent 2-step system will be mandated for all retailers selling knives online requiring customers to submit photo ID at point of sale and again on delivery. In addition, delivery companies will only be able to deliver a bladed article to the same person who purchased it. The government has an ambitious mission to halve knife crime within a decade as part of the Plan for Change and a core element of this will be addressing problems in the online sales space. Under the new measures a person may need to submit a copy of a photo ID such as driving licence or passport, as well as proof of address such as a utility bill, before showing ID again when the package is delivered. This could also include a person submitting a current photo or video of themselves to an online retailer alongside their ID. It will also be illegal to leave a package containing a bladed weapon on a doorstep when no one is in to receive it. Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: Ò ItÕs a total disgrace how easy it still is for children to get dangerous weapons online. Ò More than two years after Ronan Kanda was killed