future. Casualty Bureau The Casualty Bureau (CB) is the central point where all information related to an incident is received, collated and assessed. This includes information about people believed to be involved in the incident. The CB provides resources and a process to manage high-volume data, to identify key or critical information at the earliest opportunity. The CB also provides a phone line for the public to report people involved in an incident, as well as an online reporting facility, the Major Incident Public Portal (MIPP). The MIPP has two tiles for a CB activation. First there is a police and partner agency tile, which is active 24/7. It allows any police force in the country to collate the details of people involved at survivor reception centres or hospitals and includes an investigative triage form (ITF), which is password protected. The other tile can be activated for the public to directly report missing persons and other information. A CB is likely to be activated when there is a significant demand from the public for information that exceeds normal force call-handling capabilities. It may also be activated by the SIM to receive a significant volume of information from the public (using the ITF) at Survivor Reception Centres and Hospitals. It is important to note that the CB information contact centre can only receive details. It cannot be used to provide details to the public about the incident. All police regions are required to have a CB capability. All police forces can provide additional CB call-handling resources to support any other CB following a mutual aid request. When the CB is activated for a mass fatality incident, it manages all information in relation to the recovery, reconciliation, identification and repatriation of victims, as well as criminal investigation. Casualty Bureau manager The CB manager reports directly to their SIM. Their delegated responsibilities are to lead and manage the CB, which is made up of three separate units: incident contact centre input unit message assessment unit The CB manager has a number of responsibilities and tasks, as set out in CBSAP 2024 .Their main responsibility is the efficient setting up, execution and closure of the CB. Family liaison Note: This section should be read and implemented in conjunction with SIM responsibilities. Major/mass fatality incidents are very emotional for families and will clearly be distressing. They can also be a lengthy and frustrating process at times. One of the most important considerations is the relationship between bereaved families and the police. It is therefore essential that family liaison officers (FLOs) are deployed to families. FLOs are the primary point of contact for the family and this will be their sole and dedicated role following the incident. The role of family liaison in a mass fatality event is different to that in a murder investigation or road traffic collision. The FLO helps the SIM and SIO achieve their identification and investigation strategies. This is different to a crisis support worker, who provides emotional and practical support