and will vary depending on the circumstances. 54 http://www.gov.uk/government/publications/safeguarding-women-and-girls-at-risk-of-fgm 50 | Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation D.2.1 Girl (Under 18) who is Suspected to have Undergone FGM If any professional suspects that a girl has undergone FGM their named/designated safeguarding lead must be made aware and an immediate referral should be made to the relevant local authorityÕs childrenÕs social care department. When a girl is suspected to have already undergone FGM, all professionals should: • document this in their notes; • complete relevant risk assessment; and • follow local multi-agency safeguarding procedures. D.2.2 Girl (Under 18) or Vulnerable Adult who is Suspected to be at Risk of FGM All cases should be handled in accordance with local safeguarding procedures, and all relevant factors should be taken into account, as with all other forms of safeguarding risk to children or vulnerable adults. The initial referral should, in the case of a girl, be made to the relevant local authorityÕs childrenÕs social care department (possibly via a Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub if one is in place). In the case of a vulnerable adult, an initial referral should be made to adult social services. Where there is an imminent or serious risk, an emergency response may be required, either an urgent referral to social services and/or potentially contacting the police. Where it is considered that there is an immediate risk to a girl or woman, the local authority55 should consider whether to apply for an FGM Protection Order and/or an Emergency Protection Order (see Chapter 3 and Annex E). Where a girl or woman, given her individual circumstances, is identified as being at risk of FGM, but the current situation does not indicate that the risk is imminent or significant appropriate safeguarding actions should be taken, making sure that this information is shared appropriately. This will help to make sure that, if other agencies or professionals have a wider scope or understanding of the childÕs or womanÕs circumstances, they will be able to use the most up to date information to consider the risk the girl or woman currently faces. 55 Local authorities are Ôrelevant third partiesÕ for the purposes of applying for an FGMPO, i.e. they can apply for such an order without seeking prior leave from the court to do so. Multi-agency statutory guidance on female genital mutilation | 51 Local procedures should set out what to do in these circumstances. This is likely to include: • keeping a record of the discussion. For healthcare professionals, this should be within the patientÕs record; • sharing this information with the relevant local authorityÕs childrenÕs social care department, via a Multi-Agency Safeguarding Hub if one is in place; • if identified by a healthcare professional, sharing this information with the girlÕs GP, health visitor or school nurse (dependent on age of child) and potentially other professional delivering care to the child depending upon circumstances; • in healthcare settings in England, making sure that the FGM Information Sharing (FGM-IS) System is used, and