needle or other forms of spiking and found that 6% of men and 11% of women said they suspected that they had had their drink spiked (YouGov 2021). Participants were also asked how con"dent they were that they would be believed if they said someone had spiked their drink. Participants felt most con"dent that they would be believed by family (82% fairly or very con"dent) and friends (81% fairly or very con"dent). However, only 43% were fairly or very con"dent that they would be believed if they reported it to the police and only 29% were fairly or very con"dent that they would be believed if they reported it to the venue/place where their drink was spiked. The sex di#erences were interesting Ð with men being more con"dent than women that they would be believed if they told the police or the venue/place where their drink was spiked, whilst women were more con"dent than men they would be believed if they told their friends or their family (YouGov 2021). The FOI data in our study showed that both women and men were recorded as being victimised, although women were disproportionately targeted. For the 437 incidents where sex was recorded, 374 victims (86%) were women and 63 (14%) were men. There was a very small number of suspects identi"ed Ð just 25 Ð and all of these were recorded as being men. Therefore, we would describe the problem as being gendered in that the suspected perpetrators were men and the majority of victims were women but would also note that it is important to recognise that this is not only a problem for Ôyoung, drunk womenÕ. This is important in the next section which addresses the lack of belief in victimsÕ testimonies of needle spiking. Disbelief in victimÕs testimonies While there were some media reports that treated victimÕs testimonies in a respectful manner, the primary narrative when needle spikings started to be reported was that spiking could not be happening and that it was a case of young women who could not handle their alcohol coming out of COVID-19 lockdowns. News reports pointed to the lack of arrests, the lack of identi"ed drugs, and used expert voices on drugs as their evidence to why needle spiking could not be happening and that it was Ôfake newsÕ. Various newspapers took this approach, such as the 2021 Mail on Sunday (20.11.21) article which was headlined Did all those nightclub needle attacks actually never happen?. This article reported: ItÕs an uncomfortable truth, not least for the young women who sincerely believe that they are victims, but itÕs entirely possible that there is no epidemic of needle spiking. And that what is taking place is in our heads (no page numbers). This news article, written by a criminologist, refutes the reality of needle spiking through reference to his ÔfriendsÕ who believe women simply imagine that they have been spiked. In conclusion the author, Waiton, states that needle spiking is actually victim-feminism and a Ôvery modern