reluctance to attend an interview or provide a statement A victim/witness may be reluctant to attend an interview or provide a statement. Where this happens, investigators should sensitively try to establish why they are reluctant and, where possible, take steps to mitigate these reasons and provide reassurance. This may include explaining the investigative process and the offences under investigation and emphasising that, if at any time they change their mind, they should contact the officer in the case or named contact. It may also be appropriate to sensitively explain the impact that not attending an interview or providing a statement may have on the wider investigation. This may include not being able to proceed with the investigation or court proceedings. The investigating officer should agree a contact strategy with the victim/witness, or their nominated representative, to provide updates on the investigation and ongoing reassurance. Where appropriate, the victim/witness should be offered the opportunity to reconsider their decision not to provide an account and/or statement. They should not be put under any pressure to do so. The investigating officer should make a record of the reasons why the victim/witness is reluctant, and any mitigating action. They should also record all contact with the victim/witness and the content of any discussions. For further information, see Ministry of Justice (2022) Achieving Best Evidence in Criminal Proceedings: Guidance on interviewing victims and witnesses, and guidance on using special measuresÕ Witness interviews Interviews are a means by which an investigator can both obtain and impart information. Many witnesses fear the consequences of providing information. They, therefore, need to be confident that the investigator will deal with the information they provide appropriately. If the investigator establishes trust with the interviewee beforehand, they are more likely to give a full and accurate account. Witnesses should expect that they will be listened to and will receive fair treatment. It is the information provided by witnesses and victims that enables a suspectÕs version of events to be validated or challenged. Under the Code of Practice for Victims of Crime, victims have a number of statutory Rights, including being told about their role as a witness, and it is important that investigators ensure these Rights are met. Witnesses should be interviewed in accordance with the PEACE model. For further information see: Investigative interviewing NPCC Position Paper Ð Interviewing Child Witnesses in Major Crime Investigations Identification of suspects Code of Practice for Victims of Crime in England and Wales, November 2020 Where information suggests that a victim or witness may have searched the internet or social media sites to assist them in identifying a potential suspect see ACPO (2014) Internet Social Media and Identification Procedures. Witness assessment The investigator should assess the needs of the witness to support them to give their best evidence. This must be done prior to conducting an interview. This assessment is necessary to determine whether the witness needs additional support or the category of vulnerable or intimidated witness applies. Achieving best evidence Ministry of Justice (2022)