consider whether a special measure direction should be made. Once brought into force, section 66 of the 2021 Act will also prohibit perpetrators from cross-examining their victims in person and vice versa in specified circumstances in civil proceedings in England and Wales. Such cross-examination in person can serve to re-traumatise victims and prevent them giving their best evidence in court. This will apply for example, where a party or witness is a victim of a specified offence or there is a relevant injunction in place. The 2021 Act will also allow domestic abuse victims to introduce evidence (for example a letter from a doctor or employer) of domestic abuse perpetrated by a party to the proceedings towards a witness (or vice versa) in order to qualify for this ban. Regulations195 have been made specifying the types of specified offence, protective injunctions and evidence that are relevant for the purpose of prohibiting cross-examination in civil proceedings. Family courts and special measures in the family courts Family proceedings in England and Wales are dealt with in the family court or in the Family Division of the High Court. The administration of these courts in England and Wales is a reserved matter and is therefore the responsibility of the UK Government. However, in England, the Children and Family Court Advisory Service (Cafcass) provide expert advice and recommendations to the court on the interests of the child in both public law cases as well as in private law cases where there are safeguarding risks, including those related to domestic abuse.196 In Wales, Cafcass Cymru is the key agency tasked with looking after the interests of children. Cafcass Cymru is devolved and part of the Welsh Government.197 The family courts routinely hear cases involving alleged or admitted domestic abuse in both public law proceedings – usually disputes between parents and the state (such as care proceedings), and private law proceedings – typically disputes between family members over child arrangements. A literature review conducted on private law children cases draws attention to estimates that allegations or findings of domestic abuse are present in between 49% and 62% of child arrangement cases.198 194 The Special Measures in Civil Proceedings (Specified Offences) Regulations 2022 (legislation.gov.uk). 195 The Prohibition of Cross-Examination in Person (Civil and Family Proceedings) Regulations 2022 (legislation.gov.uk). 196 Cafcass provide resources for assessing domestic abuse targeted at Family Court Advisers. 197 Further information on Cafcass Cymru is available at: Cafcass Cymru | GOV.WALES. 198 Ministry of Justice. Domestic Abuse and Private Law Children Cases, a literature review Table 4.1: Brunel University London: 2020. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance The Family Procedure Rules 2010 set out the practice and procedure to be followed in family proceedings. Practice Direction 12J, which supplements those rules, sets out what the court is required to do in child arrangements cases where domestic abuse is alleged or admitted, or there is other reason to believe that the child or a party is at risk of domestic abuse. The welfare of the