between adults who are cohabiting or married. Teenage victims may find it difficult to identify abusive behaviour, for instance, controlling or jealous behaviour may be misconstrued as love. Domestic abuse in teenage relationships can be just as severe and has the potential to be as life threatening as abuse in adult relationships. Young people who experience domestic abuse do so at a particularly vulnerable point in their lives.20 They may experience a complex transition from childhood to adulthood which impacts on behaviour and decision making. It may impact on the way that they respond to abuse or if and how they engage with services. Due to the stigma attached to LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Trans) identities, young people from the LGBT community may lack relevant and accurate information on healthy relationships, which may inform behaviour and decision making. LGBT young people may face unique obstacles to seeking help, especially in a context of a first relationship or when first coming out as they may be unable to confide in their peers or family, owing to the reaction they might receive due to their sexuality or gender identity.21 See ‘Chapter 5 – Different experiences, needs and related considerations’ for further information. In addition, for more information on responding see the section ‘Responding to children and young people’. Abuse by family members Domestic abuse may also be perpetrated by a family member: by children, grandchildren, parents, those with “parental responsibility”, siblings, or extended families including in-laws.22 The definition of “personally connected” at section 2 of the 2021 Act makes reference to relatives and relative has the meaning given by section 63 of the Family Law Act 1996 (‘the 1996 Act’), as explained in the ‘Statutory definition’ 19 Threats to disclose private sexual photographs and films, without the consent of the relevant individual, and with the intent to cause distress, has been made a specific offence under section 69 of the 2021 Act. For further information, see the section ‘Technology- facilitated abuse’. 20 SafeLives. Safe Young Lives: Young People and domestic abuse. 2017. 21 Magic, J, Kelly, P. LGBT+ people’s experiences of domestic abuse: a report on Galop’s domestic abuse advocacy service: Galop: 2017. 22 As will be reflected in the updated child-to-parent abuse guidance, while this statutory definition of domestic abuse applies to perpetrators aged 16 or above, children under 16 can engage in abusive behaviours. Domestic Abuse Act 2021 Statutory Guidance section of this guidance. Abuse may be perpetrated towards a victim by more than one relative. Abuse within a family set up can encompass a number of different harmful behaviours. Abuse may be perpetrated as a perceived means to protect or defend the ‘honour’ of an individual, family or community against alleged or perceived breaches of the family or community’s code of behaviour. It can therefore include ‘honour’-based abuse, forced marriage, female genital mutilation, and other harmful practices such as reproductive coercion (and as part of this, forced abortion). See 'Chapter 3 – Recognising Domestic Abuse' for further detail