are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 171 Disciplinary action etc 6 Section 4(1) does not affect the application of regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996 to the constable who occupies the office of Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. SCHEDULE 5 Section 26 ISSUING PRECEPTS Introduction 1 (1) A police and crime commissioner may not issue a precept under section 40 of the Local Government Finance Act 1992 for a financial year until the end of the scrutiny process is reached. (2) The end of the scrutiny process is reached whenÑ (a) in a case where paragraph 5 applies, the police and crime commissioner gives the police and crime panel a response to the panel's report; or (b) in a case where paragraph 6 applies, the end of the process is reached in accordance with regulations under paragraph 8. (3) References in this Schedule to the issuing of a precept include references to the issuing of a substitute precept. (2) 172 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Issuing precepts Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) Commissioner to notify panel of proposed precept 2 The police and crime commissioner must notify the relevant police and crime panel of the precept which the commissioner is proposing to issue for the financial year (the Òproposed preceptÓ). Panel to review proposed precept 3 (1) The police and crime panel must review the proposed precept notified to it under paragraph 2. (2) The panel must make a report to the commissioner on the proposed precept. (3) The report may include recommendations, including recommendations as to the precept that should be issued for the financial year. Panel's power to veto precept 4 (1) The police and crime panel may, having reviewed the proposed precept, veto the proposed precept. (2) If the panel vetoes the proposed precept, the report made under paragraph 3 must include a statement that the panel has vetoed it. (3) References in this Schedule to a police and crime panel vetoing a proposed precept are references to the panel making a decision, by the required majority, that the proposed precept should not be the precept for the financial year. (4) For that purpose, the panel makes that decision by the required majority if at least two-thirds of the persons who are members of the panel at the time when the decision is made vote in favour of making that decision. Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 5 Ð Issuing precepts Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act