make many efforts to reduce officer shootings at the federal and state levels ineffective. Even when mandated or otherwise influenced by oversight at the state or federal lev- els, meaningful changes in police practice must be implemented and embraced at the local level. Citizens intuitively recognize this. Although there is often pres- sure placed on state and federal officials to “do something” about police use of force, the majority of citizen demands involve changes directly targeted at indi- vidual police agencies. Therefore, much of the movement in police reform is occurring at the local level, agency by agency. In this context, this article consid- ers the role of evidence-based policing (EBP) in reducing officer shootings at the local level by presenting the most common calls for change, reviewing the evi- dence-base supporting these recommendations, and considering the experience of the university of Cincinnati Police Division in the implementation of evi- dence-based police use-of-force reform. The Role of Evidence-Based Policing in Reform At its core, EBP is a movement encouraging the use of research to guide practice and evaluate practitioners (Sherman 1998). Seeking to progress beyond the use of anecdotal or experiential evidence alone, EBP suggests that police decision-making on “what works” to address specific problems should be guided by objective facts produced from scientific research. Further, EBP encourages police to embed sci- ence within their respective agencies through the evaluation of current policies and practices (Sherman 1998, 2013). Police agencies that use and generate research to guide strategic and tactical decision-making should experience greater success in identifying cost-effective approaches (Weisburd and Neyroud 2011). The movement toward EBP has been a gradual one, gaining significant trac- tion in the last 20 years due to the increased availability and application of research and innovative technologies in policing (Lum, Koper, and Telep 2011; Sherman 2013). Many scholars, practitioners, and policy-makers now adopt the view that EBP is critical for successful reform across a number of outcomes, including reducing police use of lethal force (Telep 2016). However, our review of existing evidence on five commonly recommended police reforms provides a limited picture on “what works” in addressing police use of force, particularly lethal force, at the local level (also see Lum et al. 2016). Regardless of the availability of scientific evidence to support critical decisions, police administrators are responsible for crisis management. Furthermore, police administrators are often pressed through public and political demands to make significant changes to policies and training immediately following critical incidents, leading to the perception that police accountability is best measured by the speed of response. Police executives are acutely aware that their jobs often hinge on how they respond to community pressure within the first few days following a critical incident. Within this time constraint, the careful planning of an evidence-based MOvINg BEyOND “BEST PRACTICE” 151 response is often unrealistic. Therefore, although the clamor for police reform has been pervasive, it also appears that these reform efforts are largely divorced from the expectation that these interventions be evidence-based. Reform