least every five years, but consideration should be given to re-accreditation between three to five years depending on operational exposure. PIMs often perform their role as part of a PIM team, under the direction of an overall PIM coordinator. Cross border incidents are always a possibility and the use of PIMs from one force in another area should be considered by Chief Officers in both affected forces at the time that a PIP is instigated. If Wiltshire officers are involved in a PIP in another force area, there would be an expectation that consideration is given to utilising a Wiltshire PIM as part of the PIM team. Collaborations and Cross Border Whilst the Specialist Operations aspect of Tri-force has now dissolved, with Firearms, Roads Policing and Dog units returning to the control of each individual force, there are a number of collaborations which still exist which mean there will routinely be officers from other forces working within Wiltshire. On any occasion where PIP is instigated in Wiltshire, which involves staff from any other force, contact will be made with that force in order to consider whether it is appropriate and practical to send a PIM from that force to assist with the procedure in Wiltshire. Appointment of Post Incident Manager: In the event of a PIP it is the responsibility of the duty Chief officer to appoint the PIM. The on-call Post-Incident will be contacted and instigate the PIP process. At this time an Appointed Officer (AO) will be sourced by the PIM from the current cohort of trained PIMs. In the event that an AO cannot be located the PIM can, as per APP, designate a suitable officer as AO with a briefing on their role during the PIP. The reason and rationale for this would have to be documented in the PIM log by the lead PIM for the PIP APPLICABILITY This applies to all Police Officers and Police Staff who could fall under the definition of a KPW as per both APPs LEGAL BASIS AND DRIVING FORCE The legal basis for this policy comes from the common law duty of the police to protect life and property, prevent and detect crime, keep the peace and in particular: Police Reform Act 2002 Criminal Law Act 1967 section 3 Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 section 117 Human Rights Act 1998 RELATED POLICIES, PROCEDURES and OTHER DOCUMENTS College of Policing Code of Ethics Firearms Standard Operating Procedures Pava Irritant Spray Procedure Spit and Bite Guard Procedure Tazer Standard Operating Procedure Use of Force Policy AUTHORISED PROFESSIONAL PRACTICE Post-incident procedures following death or serious injury Armed Policing Ð Post Deployment Road Policing Ð Police Pursuits Detention & Custody Ð Deaths in Custody DATA PROTECTION Any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual recorded as a consequence of this policy will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, General Data Protection Regulations and the Force Data Protection Policy. FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT 2000 This document has