and contribution to health and safety policy and will continuously improve health and safety standards. Effective communication of health and safety information, visible leadership and positive values and behaviours displayed by all employees is fundamental. As well as ensuring the health and safety competence of all employees through regular performance appraisals alongside the provision of expert safety advice. All employees irrespective of their rank, grade or position have a core responsibility for health and safety and have a unique and valuable contribution to make. All employees are expected to co-operate fully in the achievement of this policy and understand their legal responsibilities to take reasonable care of the health and safety of themselves and those other persons who may be affected by what they do or fail to do at work. Any identified breaches will be fully investigated, and employees and managers will be held to account for their actions, as appropriate. A copy of this statement will be brought to the attention of all employees and will be reviewed on an annual basis or in light of any significant changes. We give our full backing to this policy and will support all those who endeavour to carry it out. Catherine Roper, Chief Constable for Wiltshire Police 13/07/23 Philip Wilkinson, Police and Crime Commissioner for Wiltshire and Swindon 13/07/23 5. Organisation of Health and Safety within Wiltshire & Swindon Office of Police and Crime Commissioner 6. Organisational Responsibilities The following section outlines the responsibilities of all employees within the organisation and ensures that mechanisms are in place through which they can be accountable. These responsibilities will be reinforced through induction/probationer training, management training, role related training, line manager supervision and performance review. Health and safety responsibilities also form a key part of the role related competency framework for individual roles. Health and Safety Policy Makers including; The Police and Crime Commissioner In the context of the Health and Safety at work act 1974, the Police and Crime Commissioner is the body corporate and therefore has legal obligations upon them under the afore-named legislation for Police Estate management and directly employed OPCC employees. The Police and Crime Commissioner delegates to the Chief Executive the direction and control of matters relating to health, safety and welfare. The Chief Executive of the Office of the Police & Crime Commissioner is responsible for health and safety matters generally is responsible for: Ensuring sufficient resources are allocated to effectively manage health and safety within the OPCC and Wiltshire Police. Promoting and championing a positive health and safety culture within the OPCC. Regularly reviewing the health and safety performance of the OPCC and Wiltshire Police. Overseeing the effective running of the OPCCÕs health and safety policy and arrangements. Jointly approving and signing the force General Health and Safety Policy Statement with the Chief Constable. Regularly reviewing the health and safety performance of the OPCC. Promoting and championing a positive health and safety culture within the OPCC. Setting and agreeing health and safety plans for improvement and