March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes any other person appearing to the [F386Director General] to have, by reason of a family or similar relationship with the deceased whistle-blower, a relevant interest in the outcome of the concern. 29I Duty to keep whistle-blowers informed Where the [F388Director General] carries out an investigation under section 29D(1), [F389the Director General] must keep the whistle-blower properly informed about the progress of the investigation and its outcome. The Secretary of State may by regulations provide for exceptions to the duty under subsection (1). The power conferred by subsection (2) may be exercised only to the extent that the Secretary of State considers necessary for any of the permitted non-disclosure purposes. “The permitted non-disclosure purposes” are— preventing the premature or inappropriate disclosure of information that is relevant to, or may be used in, any actual or prospective criminal proceedings; preventing the disclosure of information in any circumstances in which it has been determined in accordance with the regulations that its non-disclosure— is in the interests of national security, is for the purposes of the prevention or detection of crime or the apprehension or prosecution of offenders, is for the purposes of the investigation of an allegation of misconduct against the whistle-blower or the taking of disciplinary proceedings or other appropriate action in relation to such an allegation, is for the purposes of an investigation under Part 2 that relates to the whistle-blower, is required on proportionality grounds, or is otherwise necessary in the public interest. The non-disclosure of information is required on proportionality grounds if its disclosure would cause, directly or indirectly, an adverse effect which would be disproportionate to the benefits arising from its disclosure. 78 Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 2B – Investigation of concerns raised by whistle-blowers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes 29J Protection of anonymity of whistle-blowers The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision setting out the circumstances in which the [F390Director General] is required or authorised to disclose information falling within subsection (2) (or any particular description of such information) to persons specified, or of a description specified, in the regulations. The information falling within this subsection is— the identity of a whistle-blower or information that might (whether alone or with other information) tend to reveal that identity; the nature of a concern raised by a whistle-blower. The power conferred by subsection (1) may be