community and juvenile justice settings. Washington DC: US Department of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention; and US Department of Education, Office of Elementary and Secondary Education, Safe and Drug-Free Schools Program. 27 Department for Education (2011)The use and effectiveness of anti-bullying strategies in schools, a report by Goldsmiths, University of London, April 2011. Examines strategies that schools (in England) use to deal with episodes of bullying. London: Department for Education. Available at: https:// www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-use-and- effectiveness-of-anti-bullying-strategies-in-schools. 28 For example, Shuval, K., Pillsbury, C. A., Cavanaugh, B., McGruder, L., McKinney, C.M., Massey, Z. and Groce, N.E (2010) ÔEvaluating the impact of conflict resolution on urban childrenÕs violence-related attitudes and behaviors in New Haven, Connecticut, through a communityÐacademic partnershipÕ, Health Education Research, vol. 25 (5), pp 757Ð768. 29 The Gang Resistance Education and Training (GREAT) programme in the US has been evaluated and showed some short-term improvements in attitudes and behaviours, see Esbensen, F.-A., Osgood, D. W., Taylor, T. J., Peterson, D. and Freng, A. (2001) ÔHow great is G.R.E.A.T.?: Results from a quasi-experimental designÕ, Criminology and Public Policy, vol. 1, pp 87Ð118; Esbensen, F.-A., Peterson, D., Taylor, T. J., Freng, A., Osgood, D. W., Carson, D. C. and Matsuda, 1 K. N. (2011) ÔEvaluation and evolution of the Gang Resistance Education and Training (GREAT) ProgramÕ, Journal of School Violence, vol. 10, pp 53Ð70. 30 World Health Organization (2010) op. cit., endnote 12. 31 Goldstein, A. P. and Kodluboy, D. W. (1998) Gangs in Schools: Signs, Symbols, and Solutions. Champaign, Illinois, US: Research Press. 32 Sethi et al. (2010) op. cit., endnote 24; Bellis, M., Hughes, K., Perkins, C. and Bennett, A. (2013) Protecting People, Promoting Health: A public health approach to violence prevention for England. North-West Public Health Observatory/Department of Health. 1 ISBN: 978-1-78246-125-8 Home Office Problem-solving policing is also known as problem-oriented policing. It's an approach to tackling crime and disorder that involves: identification of a specific problem thorough analysis to understand the problem development of a tailored response assessment of the e?ects of the response The approach assumes that identifying and understanding the root causes of a problem Ð or conditions that allow it to continue Ð leads to an effective solution. SARA model Problem-solving policing uses the SARA (scanning, analysis, response, assessment) model of problem solving. Video Transcript What is the SARA model? The SARA model helps to apply problem-solving ideas to police practice. It's part of an approach to policing that encourages working creatively and collaboratively with partners and communities experiencing problems. Problem solving provides a process Ð a tried and tested series of steps to guide and structure efforts to reduce crime and disorder. Scanning involves identifying persistent problems that cause harm and call for police attention. Analysis involves systematic study into the causes or conditions that lead to a problem or enable it to persist. Response is the development or implementation of measures to try to reduce or eliminate the problem. Assessment is evaluation to determine whether the response