retention of motor vehicles seized under section 59; and (b) the release or disposal of such motor vehicles. (2) Regulations under subsection (1) may, in particular, make provisionÑ (a) for the giving of notice of the seizure of a motor vehicle under section 59 to a person who is the owner of that vehicle or who, in accordance with the regulations, appears to be its owner; (b) for the procedure by which a person who claims to be the owner of a motor vehicle seized under section 59 may seek to have it released; (c) for requiring the payment of fees, charges or costs in relation to the removal and retention of such a motor vehicle and to any application for its release; (d) as to the circumstances in which a motor vehicle seized under section 59 may be disposed of; (e) as to the destinationÑ (i) of any fees or charges payable in accordance with the regulations; and (ii) of the proceeds (if any) arising from the disposal of a motor vehicle seized under section 59; (f) for the delivery to a local authority, in circumstances prescribed by or determined in accordance with the regulations, of any motor vehicle seized under section 59. (3) Regulations under subsection (1) must provide that a person who would otherwise be liable to pay any fee or charge under the regulations shall not be liable to pay it ifÑ (a) the use by reference to which the motor vehicle in question was seized was not a use by him; and (b) he did not know of the use of the vehicle in the manner which led to its seizure, had not consented to its use in that manner and could not, by the taking of reasonable steps, have prevented its use in that manner. (4) In this sectionÑ Òlocal authorityÓÑ (a) in relation to England, means the council of a county, metropolitan district or London borough, the Common Council of the City of London or Transport for London; and (b) in relation to Wales, means the council of a county or county borough; Òmotor vehicleÓ has the same meaning as in section 59. Anti-social behaviour F49561 Anti-social behaviour orders . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Police Reform Act 2002 (c. 30) Part 4 Ð Police powers etc. Chapter 2 Ð Provisions modifying and supplementing police powers Document Generated: 2025-03-18 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police Reform Act 2002 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 18 March 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes F49562 Power of Secretary of State