for the investigation" (Paes, 2008, p.175). In records about "missing persons", this logic of documents that must be filled out, even despite incongruences between their material elements and the cases' plots, ends up rein- forcing the lack of importance attributed VPIs. Moreover, it also ends up endowing "missing persons" cases with an enigmatic character that results not from the cases themselves, but from the imprecision provoked by those incon- gruences19. Furthermore, it also reinforces the idea that "missing persons" cases are not "police matters", since even the papers routinely filled out, which are the most trivial part of a precinct's routine, are shown to be inade- quate in the face of their characteristics, plots and characters. Despite being considered unimportant, and despite the incongruence between their material elements and the plots of occurrences therein registered, documents on "missing persons" cases play a crucial role in the way police agents and units such as SDP manage these cases. By systematically reading the documents, the researcher was able to understand that much of the content recorded in these papers points not to what happened during the "dis- appearance", but rather to a process of delegating responsibilities put in motion by the production and circulation of documents itself. If, for officers like inspector Fernando, "missing persons" cases are "family affairs", in "merely filling out pieces of paper" about these cases those agents delegate responsibilities for managing and even solving them to the so-called "families of missing persons". Based on what they record, how they record it and the fact that what they record is set in police documents ? de- spite their own conceptions regarding the "social work" nature of the activities demanded by "missing persons" cas- es ?, police officers attribute tasks such as looking for those "missing", controlling their movements and even stop- ping them from disappearing again to the very persons who went to precincts to request that they, the officers, would perform these tasks. As the three cases we will now present show, in filling out documents, the officers re- turn to the "families" the responsibility for managing the cases, through advice and suggestions given both verbally and through the documents' texts themselves. These suggestions and advice are responded by the "families" with commitments, feelings and obligations that are also registered in VPIs and, thus, deposited in the SDP's so-called "archives", to be known by anyone who dares open their drawers. Let us then discuss the cases involving Arlete, Cinira and Melissa, three young women who were reported as "miss- ing" and whose cases, all solved, are currently in the sector's drawers. The excerpts of the cases reveal guidance, advice and suggestions given by police officers to the "families" of the three "missing" women, while also revealing commitments, feelings and obligations provoked both in these "families" and in the "missing" women themselves by the guidance, advice and suggestions fixed on paper. Let's begin with Arlete. On January 7, 2008, Regina, a domestic worker, left early for work, as usual.