(1)(b) operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officer, on the number of days specified in the order in relation to the requirementÑ (a) to participate in an activity specified in the order; (a) Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 (c. 12) SCHEDULE 2 Ð Breach of injunctions: powers of court in respect of under-18s Document Generated: 2024-05-19 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. 173 Changes to legislation: Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 19 May 2024. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes (b) on each day, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the activity. (5) Where the order includes a requirement referred to in sub-paragraph (1)(c) to participate in a residential exercise, it must specify eitherÑ (a) a place, or (b) an activity, in relation to the exercise. (6) A requirement under sub-paragraph (1)(c) to participate in a residential exercise in relation to which a place is specified under sub-paragraph (5) operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officerÑ (a) to present himself or herself at the beginning of the period specified in the order in relation to the exercise, at the place specified in it, to a person of a description specified in the instructions; (b) to live there for that period; (c) during that period to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place. (7) A requirement under sub-paragraph (1)(c) to participate in a residential exercise in relation to which an activity is specified under sub-paragraph (5) operates to require the defaulter, in accordance with instructions given by the responsible officerÑ (a) to participate, for the period specified in the order in relation to the exercise, in the activity specified in it; (b) during that period to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the activity. (8) Subject to sub-paragraph (9), instructions under sub-paragraph (1)(d) relating to any particular day must require the defaulter to do either of the followingÑ (a) to present himself or herself to a person of a description specified in the instructions at a place specified in them; (b) to participate in an activity specified in the instructions. The instructions operate to require the defaulter, on that day or while participating in that activity, to comply with instructions given by, or under the authority of, the person in charge of the place or activity. (9) If the supervision order so provides, instructions under sub-paragraph (1)(d) may require the defaulter to participate in a residential exercise for a period comprising not more than