(including NPCC, College of Policing, HMICFRS, the Chief Medical Officer for Policing and the Police Federation of England and Wales (PFEW)) to ensure that forces have the data and best practice required to make informed decisions on how best to deploy their workforce and manage the level of sickness absence. The Centre for Police Productivity will be critical in ensuring forces own and use high quality data to support these decisions in the future. Investing in Training and People The delivery of training in each police force remains the responsibility of individual chief officers and PCCs, in line with the needs and priorities specific to the communities within their force area. The College of Policing has the power to mandate qualifications for the appointment and promotion of police officers and set probation periods. HMICFRS should inspect forces against standards set by the College of Policing. Barriers to Productivity Home Office Counting Rules The Home Office thank the Review Team for the progress update in December 2023 on the impact of the changes the Home Office made earlier that year and are confident that the second phase of the work will help to improve the system further to the benefit of both police and the public. The Home Office agree with the ReviewÕs recommendation that HMICFRSÕ crime data integrity inspections should reflect the most up-to-date development in the Home OfficeÕs counting rules, and are pleased that these changes have already been incorporated by the Inspectorate. Criminal Justice System (CJS) The Home Office has recently concluded projects seeking to understand the reasons why some case files are rejected, and continues to work with partners to identify opportunities to streamline the pre-charge file build process (where a guilty plea is anticipated). Both projects were undertaken in conjunction with the NPCC and with the support of the National Criminal Justice Coordination Committee. The Home Office will work with partners including the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) to take forward recommendations from this work. Alongside this, the Independent Review of Disclosure (Part 1) will assess the operation of the disclosure regime, as set out the in Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 and Criminal Justice Act 2003, review the guidelines on disclosure, and consider legislative and non-legislative modifications that could improve the regime. Work is also ongoing to strengthen and promote the use of Criminal Justice Units and flexible communication between police and CPS prosecutors. The Review TeamÕs findings are that a change in charging authority could enable more timely charging decisions. This approach could result in an increase in the number of cases charged, which could in turn lead to decreased levels of victim attrition, improvements in victim satisfaction, and an overall increase to public confidence in the CJS. However, the benefits of any change in charging authority need to be fully tested prior to adoption. It will be crucial that there is careful consideration of the impact of increases in charging upon other partners and on victimsÕ experience of the CJS. The Home Office