made under section 4(9), an approved educational course relating to the offence to which the notice relates, and pays the course fee in accordance with those regulations, no proceedings may be brought for the offence.] Subsection (1) does not apply if the person to whom the penalty notice was given has made a request to be tried. Secretary of State’s guidance The Secretary of State may issue guidance— about the exercise of the discretion given to constables by this Chapter; about the issuing of penalty notices; [F47(ba) about educational course schemes;] with a view to encouraging good practice in connection with the operation of provisions of this Chapter. Procedure Payment of penalty If a person to whom a penalty notice is given decides to pay the penalty, he must pay it to the [F48designated officer] specified in the notice. Payment of the penalty may be made by properly addressing, pre-paying and posting a letter containing the amount of the penalty (in cash or otherwise). Subsection (4) applies if a person— 12 Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 (c. 16) Part 1 – Provisions for Combatting Crime and Disorder Chapter 1 – On the Spot Penalties for Disorderly Behaviour Document Generated: 2025-01-23 Changes to legislation: Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 23 January 2025. There are changes that may be brought into force at a future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes claims to have made payment by that method, and shows that his letter was posted. Unless the contrary is proved, payment is to be regarded as made at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. Subsection (2) is not to be read as preventing the payment of a penalty by other means. A letter is properly addressed for the purposes of subsection (2) if it is addressed in accordance with the requirements specified in the penalty notice. Registration certificates The chief officer of police may, in respect of any registrable sum, issue a certificate (a “registration certificate”) stating that the sum is registrable for enforcement against the defaulter as a fine. If that officer issues a registration certificate, he must cause it to be sent to the [F49designated officer for the local justice] area in which the defaulter appears to that officer to reside. A registration certificate must— give particulars of the offence to which the penalty notice relates, and state the name and last known address of the defaulter and the amount of the registrable sum. (4) “Registrable sum” means a sum that may be registered under this section as a result of section 4(5) [F50or (6)]. (5) “Defaulter” means the person against whom that sum may be registered. Registration of sums payable in default If the [F51designated officer for a local justice] area receives a registration