to identifying what works at sector level and enabling this to be applied in a way that enables policing to better understand productivity and make sound decisions on the use of police time. The greater understanding of the benefits of alternative processes and overall drivers of performance, combined with the inherent sharing of best practice and the opportunity to enhance cost analysis and comparison between forces provides a clear opportunity for policing. The Review estimated that over 3.4 million officer hours could potentially be saved if all 43 police forces were to use the model process tool to move their models to the most cost- efficient for antisocial behaviour and burglary demands. The Home Office is keen to see this work expanded and for the new Centre for Police Productivity to ensure that the benefits estimated are realised as part of their work to support policing to identify what works and deliver change. The Home Office agree that the Police Activity Survey should be repeated, and that participation should be extended. However, there are concerns about repeating the survey every six months due to the time and costs burden on police officers. The data from the survey is also not expected to change this rapidly, given the need for process reform and improvement to see significant shifts. The Home Office agree that the potential of technology to reduce the burden on officers completing the survey should be examined and the long-term ambition should be to create effective benchmarking of productivity that is regularly updated to allow forces to change and improve the way they operate. Enhancing the Strategic Approach to Policing Creating a Centre for Police Productivity is a key step in advancing the understanding of the outputs and outcomes of policing. PCCs have a statutory role to secure efficient and effective police service in their area, and APCC have been supporting PCCs in this role, including the development of new guidance, and in setting policing strategy. We anticipate that the insights gained through the Centre will support policing, particularly the APCC and the NPCC in their role supporting Chief Officers, in shaping their ongoing strategic approach towards demand, capabilities, and collaboration. The Home Office agree that there may be value in bringing together cross sector representation to help tackle shared strategic issues to enable senior level conversations and encourage join up and better engagement between partners, as is already the case with the Drugs Strategy Ministerial forum. The Government is also clear that the New Burdens doctrine applies to policing as a local authority, where they are required to do something new or additional beyond fulfilling their existing roles. This should be done in consultation with the sector considering the productivity implications of any new expectation on policing. The Role of Organisations that Review or Inspect Policing HMICFRS and the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) have a crucial role to play in ensuring that policing in England and Wales can maintain their high standard of service to the