Temporary class drug orders: power to make further provision (1) This section applies if a temporary class drug order specifies a substance or product as a drug subject to temporary control. (2) The order mayÑ (a) include provision for the exception of the drug from the application of section 3(1)(a) or (b) or 4(1)(a) or (b), (b) make such other provision as the Secretary of State thinks fit for the purpose of making it lawful for persons to do things in respect of the drug which under section 4(1) it would otherwise be unlawful for them to do, (c) provide for circumstances in which a person's possession of the drug is to be treated as excepted possession for the purposes of this Act, and (d) include any provision in relation to the drug of a kind that could be made in regulations under section 10 or 22 if the drug were a Class A drug, a Class B drug or a Class C drug (but ignoring section 31(3)). (3) Provision under subsection (2) may take the form of applying (with or without modifications) any provision made in regulations under section 7(1), 10 or 22. (4) Provision under subsection (2)(b) may (in particular) provide for the doing of something to be lawful if it is doneÑ (a) in circumstances mentioned in section 7(2)(a), or (b) in compliance with such conditions as may be prescribed by virtue of section 7(2)(b). (5) Section 7(8) applies for the purposes of this section. (6) Section 31(1) (general provision as to regulations) applies in relation to a temporary class drug order that contains provision made by virtue of this section as it applies to regulations under this Act.Ó. 9 In section 9A (prohibition of supply etc of articles for administering or preparing controlled drugs), in subsection (4)Ñ 1 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) SCHEDULE 17 Ð Temporary class drug orders Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 343 (a) at the end of paragraph (a) omit ÒorÓ, (b) in paragraph (b) after Òof a controlled drugÓ insert Ò , other than a temporary class drug, Ó, and (c) at the end of that paragraph insert Ò, or (c) the administration by any person of a temporary class drug to himself in circumstances where having the drug in his possession is to be treated as excepted possession for the purposes of this Act (see section 7A(2)(c)).Ó. 10 In section 10 (power to make regulations for preventing misuse of controlled drugs), after subsection (2) insertÑ Ò(3) In this section a reference to Òcontrolled drugsÓ does not include a reference to temporary class drugs (see instead section 7A).Ó. 11 In section 11 (power to direct special precautions for safe custody of controlled drugs to be taken at certain premises), in subsection (1) after