which the facts are drawn in order to inform the court of the circumstances of the offence(s). Likewise vulnerability should be identified within the MG2 (witness assessment). Victims and witnesses are therefore afforded adequate access to support and protection, before, during or after the trial. The completion of the MG11 to a very high standard will improve the quality of care that is provided by our Victim and Witness bureau. The MG6 must annotate that the incident is a Hate Crime. Supervision is essential during these investigations and where supervisory sign off is required it is mandatory that it is completed. During the investigation where the suspect indicates that they intend to make a Guilty Anticipated Plea (GAP) the investigating officer WILL ensure that detailed and comprehensive witness statements are taken from all of those known victims and witnesses involved in the case. Including Victim Personal Statements. Likewise for NGAP cases. The file will then be built in compliance with the latest version of the National File Standard and the Crown Prosecution Service, Directors Guidance on Charging. Failure to comply with this may amount to a breach of PACE. WORK CONTROL 10.1 At a strategic level, the Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Inspector will be the key contact for external key stakeholders in order to maintain effective partnership engagement. 10.2 The Community Policing Team Sergeant for the area in which the incident took place will be responsible for the following activity: • Reviewing police activity in each reported Hate Incident/Crime case and ensure that it meets the high standards expected. Ensuring that remedial action is taken where the standard has not been reached • Reviewing the golden hour investigation and victim/witness care • Ensuring that any follow up investigation is allocated to the appropriate resource • Making contact with investigating officers to help formulate an investigation plan and ensure that they understand the importance of thoroughly investigating Hate Crimes and Incidents and the role they play • Assessing the need for the tasking of a Hate Crime Advisor • Ensure that the CPT Inspector with geographical responsibility for the area where the incident occurred are informed as soon as practicable of any report and care plan which represents a threat, harm or risk to the victim or community confidence, if they are not available then this must be brought to the attention of the Community Area Deputy and Community Coordinator. • • The Duty Inspector must be notified as soon as practicable of any report or care plan which represents a threat, harm or risk to the victim or community confidence in order to make the decision on whether the incident is classified as a critical incident and requires additional resourcing, measures and a Community Concern Assessment. • Named suspects will be discussed within hub DMMs in order that proactive attempts are made in arresting the suspect and that the investigation is progressed diligently. • It will be the responsibility of the OICs supervisor in ensuring that Hierarchical Reviews are completed