the interview should therefore be prepared to justify their decision. 191. If the person conducting the interview has excluded a person from the interview room, they should adjourn the interview. The interviewee should then be informed that they have the right to seek another person to act in the same role as the person who was excluded. If the interviewee wishes the interview to continue, then the interviewer should record this decision and continue with the interview. 192. If the person conducting the interview considers that a solicitor or qualified accountant is acting in such a way as to hinder the proper conduct of the interview, they should cease questioning the interviewee, and whilst the tape recorder is still operating, speak to the solicitor or qualified accountant. After speaking to the solicitor or qualified accountant, the person conducting the interview should decide whether or not the interview should continue in the presence of that solicitor or qualified accountant. If 41 Persons whose presence is authorised are a solicitor, a qualified accountant, an appropriate adult, a person providing assistance and an interpreter. they decide that it should not, the interviewee should be given the opportunity to consult another solicitor or qualified accountant before the interview continues and that solicitor or qualified accountant should be given an opportunity to be present at the interview. 193. The removal of a solicitor or qualified accountant from an interview is a serious step and, if it occurs, the person conducting the interview must consider whether the incident should be reported to the Law Society, t h e L a w S o c i e t y o f N o r t h e r n I r e l a n d , Legal Complaints Service, General Council of the Bar or the Institute of Legal Executives (as appropriate). In the case of a qualified accountant the matter should be reported to their professional body, such as the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Northern Ireland. Conduct of interviews 194. As far as practicable interviews should take place in interview rooms which are adequately heated, lit and ventilated. People being questioned or making statements should not be required to stand. 195. Breaks from interviewing should be made at recognised meal times. Short breaks for refreshment should also be provided at intervals of approximately two hours, subject to the interviewer's discretion to delay a break if there are reasonable grounds for believing that it would prejudice the outcome of the investigation. 196. Any decision to delay a break in an interview should be recorded, with reasons, and duration, in the interview record. 197. Where an interview is adjourned for any reason and is to be resumed at the same place later the same day it should be sufficient for the person conducting the interview to inform the interviewee of the time of resumption and no notice in writing requiring attendance at that time should be