entitlement to statutory maternity pay, including any allowances or overtime worked during those eight weeks. If a pay rise is granted during, or backdated to, this eight-week calculation period, the increased level of pay will be taken into account when calculating SMP. Following a European Court of Justice decision, any pay rise that takes effect or is backdated to a date that falls after the eight-week calculation period but before the end of your maternity leave must and will also be taken into account when calculating the amount of SMP due to you. 1.9 Maternity Pension Pension contributions are paid throughout your paid maternity leave. You do not pay pension contributions whilst on unpaid maternity leave, but when you return to work, you are entitled to buy-back pension contributions in respect of your unpaid leave period. Contributions are based on the pay you would have been entitled to before you went on maternity leave. This may be the standard rate of SMP. To benefit from this facility, you must Ôbuy-backÕ the period of unpaid maternity leave. As officers and staff have independent pension schemes, please refer to table below: Police Officers Police Staff You must opt to buy-back in writing within 3 months of returning to duty or before your last day of service. It is recommended that you make enquiries prior to the commencement of maternity leave. You must opt to buy-back in writing within 30 days of returning to work or before your last day of work. It is recommended that you make enquiries prior to the commencement of maternity leave. The 39-week maternity pay period is treated as pay for pension purposes. Superannuation contributions, based on the normal rate, will be deducted from it. After the 39-week period, continuation of payment of pension contributions for the duration of maternity leave is optional. On return to work an employee can "buy back" pension contributions in respect of unpaid maternity leave, either in a lump sum or in instalments, the Payroll Helpdesk supply information on Pension ÔÕbuy backÕÕ. 1.10 Maternity - Childcare Childcare vouchers are no longer provided via Wiltshire Police through the Edenred scheme. Any individuals not currently in this scheme will need to visit; https://www.gov.uk/help-with-childcare- costs for more information in regards to childcare vouchers. For those currently in the scheme, the Force will fund the vouchers for all individuals on maternity leave when maternity pay drops to SMP only. Individuals who are in the Edenred scheme have the option to opt out of the scheme as it will have a direct impact on your maternity pay. For further details of the Edenred scheme, please go to the maternity pages on SharePoint. 1.11 Pregnancy related sickness Pregnant employees who are sick for a reason unrelated to pregnancy will be treated equally and consistently with other employees who are off sick for other reasons. Any pregnancy specific sickness absences will be discounted for the purpose of management escalation of the Organisational Attendance Management Procedures. They should however be recorded