in Fall 2021 as an analyst in the Center for Environmental and Technology Policy and served as the Editor-in-Chief from 2022 to 2024. Outside of CPG, Franklin conducts research on global police force violence in the Gender and Security Sector Lab and works on artificial intelligence integration in the open-source intelligence cycle at USCENTCOM. FALL 2024 EDITORS Henry Han ‘26, Editor-in-Chief Henry is a junior, majoring in Industrial and Labor Relations at the ILR School. He joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst for the Center of Environmental and Technology Policy and now serves as the Editor-in-Chief after previously serving as Assistant Center Director of Environmental and Technology Policy. Henry is interested in labor, electoral, and agriculture policies, pursuing these interests as a research fellow with the Worker Institute on the Labor Action Tracker and serving as Junior Representation on the ILR Student Government Association. Henry is also the Director of Publications for the Scheinman Conflict Resolution Club. Rachel Baron ‘27, Associate Editor Rachel is a junior studying Government, with a minor in International Relations. She has been with CPG’s Domestic Center since Fall 2023, and now serves as Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Domestic Policy. She’s interested in a wide range of policy topics, all centered around how domestic policy can affect human rights on a global scale. Beyond CPG, Rachel is an undergraduate scholar for the Institute of Policy and Global Affairs, an editor for the Cornell International Affairs Review, a brother of Phi Alpha Delta, and a sister in Delta Delta Delta. Austin Grattan ‘26, Associate Editor Austin is a junior studying Health Care Policy with a minor in LGBT Studies. He joined CPG in Fall 2023 as an analyst in the Healthcare Center and now serves as Associate Editor in Chief. Austin’s policy interests include health insurance access, medical education, social determinants of health, and LGBTQ+ health disparities. Outside of CPG, Austin is a member of Alpha Iota Gamma and is a TA for PUBPOL 1111. After graduation, Austin plans to pursue a PhD and eventually be a fellow at a think tank, work in the government, or enter academia. Isabela Wilson ‘26, Associate Editor Isabela is a junior pursuing a Bachelor of Arts in Government with minors in International Relations, Law & Society, and East Asian Studies with a focus on the Korean peninsula. She joined Cornell Policy Group in Fall 2023 as a Foreign Policy Analyst and currently serves as an Associate Editor and Assistant Center Director of Foreign Policy. Her policy interests include South Korean policy with focuses on immigration, education, and the Korean diaspora. Outside CPG, she is also involved in The Cornell International Affairs Review and Pi Lambda Sigma (POLIS). FALL 2024 CENTER DIRECTORS Elliot Serna ‘27, Center Director for Domestic Policy Elliott is a student at Cornell University’s Jeb E. Brooks School of Public Policy studying Public Policy with a minor in Urban and Regional Studies. Elliott serves as Center Director of CPG’s Domestic Policy Center, supporting