a collaboration agreement under section 22A of the Police Act 1996. (4) In this section Ò1970 ActÓ means the Local Authorities (Goods and Services) Act 1970. (2) 18 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 16 Appointment of persons not employed by elected local policing bodies (1) This section applies where an elected local policing body is required or authorised by any ActÑ (a) to appoint a person to a specified post in the body, or (b) to designate a person as having specified duties or responsibilities. (2) The elected local policing body may appoint or designate a person whether or not the person is already a member of staff of the body. (3) Subsection (2) has effect in spite of any provision to the contrary in the Act that is mentioned in subsection (1). 17 Duties when carrying out functions (1) In carrying out functions, an elected local policing body must have regard to the views of people in the body's area about policing in that area. (2) In carrying out functions in a particular financial year, an elected local policing body must have regard to any report or recommendations made by the relevant police and crime panel on the annual report for the previous financial year (see section 28(4)). (3) Subsection (2) does not affect any exercise of the functions of the elected local policing body in any part of a particular financial year that fallsÑ (a) before the body has received a report or recommendations on the annual report for the previous financial year, or (b) during the period after receipt of a report or recommendations when the body is considering the report or recommendations. (4) In carrying out functions, an elected local policing body must have regard to any financial code of practice issued by the Secretary of State. (5) The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the whole or any part of any financial code of practice. (1) Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) 19 Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 3 Ð Functions of elected local policing bodies etc Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) (6) The Secretary of State must lay before Parliament a copy ofÑ (a) any financial code of practice, and (b) any revision of a financial code of practice. (7) In this section Òfinancial code of practiceÓ means a code of practice relating to the proper administration by elected local policing bodies of their financial