the Government intends to bring forward a Mental Health Bill when parliamentary time allows. In the meantime, the Government continues to take forward non-legislative commitments to improve the care and treatment of people detained under the Act. Looking Ahead Productivity in Policing The Home Office recognises how the Policing Productivity Review Team brought together experience and expertise from across the sector and are keen to continue to make use of the relationships, trust, and insight the team have developed. The Home Office have asked the Review team to continue to examine areas such as the police response to Missing Persons, Case File Quality and Police Investigations as part of implementation of the Review. Improving Police Productivity The Home Office commissioned the Policing Productivity Review in August 2022 in response to concerns about police time being taken up by unproductive administrative tasks and other non-police work. When the Review was published in November 2023 it represented a clear opportunity to improve police productivity and free up the 38 million hours of police time the Review Team had identified. Giving this time back to police officers will allow them to concentrate on their core mission of protecting the public and preventing and detecting crime. The Home Office recognises the role that all parts of policing have to take forward the ReviewÕs recommendations, expecting them to look beyond the recommendations where necessary, and to make the changes, adaptions, and improvements needed to free up this time and allow police officers to concentrate on their core role, delivering the service the public deserve, and that officers want to provide. Government has demonstrated its commitment to achieving this by investing an uplift of over £65 million in 2024/25 to help policing to reach this goal. The Centre for Police Productivity will strengthen the coordination and delivery of productivity improvements and the funding provided by government will enable the piloting and roll-out of innovative technology that will improve productivity and free up police time. The Government has invested in the foundation for change and is looking to policing, to the NPCC, APCC, and Chief Officers across England and Wales, to make the most of this investment and the opportunities presented by the ReviewÕs recommendation Preventing youth violence and gang involvement Practical advice for schools and colleges Contents Introduction 4 What does the law say about youth violence and 8 teachersÕ powers? Preventing violence 9 Understanding the issue Seeking support Working with other local partners to address the issue Primary schools and early intervention Risk factors What works in preventing violence in schools and colleges 17 Who to involve Evidence on general approaches Sources of evidence Assessing specific programmes Targeting a programme, or developing a new one Resource A: Legal powers 20 Staff powers Joint enterprise Gangs, firearms and knives Resource B: What works in preventing violence and 23 aggressive behaviour? Resource C: Repositories of evidence (evaluated and new/ 30 developing programmes) and other resources for schools Resource D: How do you know if a programme has