has the authority and responsibility to send an employee home if they believe the employee to be a risk to themselves and/or others because of their behaviour or mental/physical state. This would normally be for a period of 24 hours cooling off period. Such action is NOT regarded as suspension and it should be made clear to the employee that this is a formal request to leave the workplace. In such cases the manager should approach an authorised senior manager to consider whether formal suspension is appropriate. If the employee is not to be suspended then they should be allowed to return to duty as normal as soon as they are able/fit to do so. Before any individual is suspended, a suspension rationale must be completed in order to carefully consider if this is the appropriate action. The rationale will be completed in consultation with the HR department. It will then be forwarded to the Head of HR for sign off. Where practicable, if the employee is to be formally suspended they will be informed of this decision by the appropriate line management in the presence of an HR representative with due consideration given to an appropriate location. Following notification of this suspension, the employee will be asked if they wish contact to be made with either a colleague or a representative from Unison. Confirmation of the reasons for suspension will be provided in writing as soon as is reasonably practicable. A decision to formally suspend an employee may only be taken by a police officer of Superintendent rank or above, or a member of Police Staff of Grade W12 or above. If suspended, an employeeÕs contract of employment will be deemed to continue together with all their rights, including full contractual pay. Dependent on the circumstances, the employee may be transferred to other employment within the Organisation on normal contractual pay as an alternative to suspension and will be expected to comply with this action. Such a decision will be taken by the relevant Departmental Head (Superintendent / W12 or above) in consultation with the Head of HR. Suspension is NOT a disciplinary sanction and should not be regarded as in any way pre- judging the outcome of the disciplinary investigation. Suspension will normally be effective immediately prior to any investigation. However, where a disciplinary investigation has commenced and the IO becomes aware of additional information that leads them to the conclusion that the employee should now be suspended; this will be actioned at that time by an authorised senior manager. Where criminal investigations take place, timescales are often extended due to the nature of the process and involvement of other stakeholders such as the Crown Prosecution Service. The suspension will be reviewed regularly by the Head of HR and PSD who will ensure that matters are dealt with without undue delay to the process. 12. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH SOCIAL DISTANCING OR HYGIENE MEASURES AT WORK NOTE: THIS ELEMENT APPLIES TO ALL OFFICERS AND STAFF OF WILTSHIRE POLICE