to be read accordingly); and (b) section 49 does not apply in relation to the Assistant Commissioner. (7) For the purposes of subsection (6), an Assistant Commissioner is to be taken to be acting in place of the Commissioner at a particular time ifÑ (a) the Assistant Commissioner is, at that time, authorised by subsection (4) to exercise powers and duties of the Commissioner, and (b) that time falls duringÑ (i) any absence, incapacity or suspension from office of the Commissioner, or (ii) any vacancy in the office of Commissioner. 46 Deputy Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis (1) The metropolitan police force must have one or more Deputy Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must consult the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime before appointing a person as a Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. (3) The appointment of a person as a Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. (1) 44 Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 (c. 13) Part 1 Ð Police reform CHAPTER 5 Ð Police forces in areas with elected local policing bodies Document Generated: 2024-07-09 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. (See end of Document for details) 47 Commanders (1) The metropolitan police force must have one or more Commanders. (2) The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis must consult the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime before appointing a person as a Commander. (3) The appointment of a person as a Commander is subject to regulations under section 50 of the Police Act 1996. 48 Suspension and removal of Commissioner and Deputy Commissioner (1) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may, with the approval of the Secretary of StateÑ (a) suspend the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from duty, or (b) suspend the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from duty. (2) If the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime suspends the Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, from duty, that Office must notify the Secretary of State of the suspension. (3) The Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime may, subject to subsections (5) and (6), and with the approval of the Secretary of StateÑ (a) call upon the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to resign or retire, or (b) call upon the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to resign or retire. (4) The Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, must resign or retire if called upon to do so in accordance with subsection (3). (5) Before calling upon the Commissioner, or Deputy Commissioner, to retire or resign, the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime mustÑ (a) give the police officer a written explanation of the reasons why the Office is proposing to call for the retirement or resignation; (b) give