future date. Changes that have been made appear in the content and are referenced with annotations. (See end of Document for details) View outstanding changes Ò122EA Sexual risk orders and interim sexual risk orders: electronic monitoring requirements (1) Subsections (2) and (3) apply for the purpose of determining whether a court may impose, under section 122A(9B) or section 122E(3B), an electronic monitoring requirement on the defendant in a sexual risk order or interim sexual risk order. (2) If there is a person (other than the defendant) without whose co-operation it would be impracticable to secure the monitoring in question, the requirement may not be imposed without that personÕs consent. (3) The court may impose the requirement only ifÑ (a) it has been notified by the Secretary of State that electronic monitoring arrangements are available in the relevant area, and (b) it is satisfied that the necessary provision can be made under the arrangements currently available. (4) In subsection (3)(a) Òthe relevant areaÓ meansÑ (a) the local justice area in which it appears to the court that the defendant resides or will reside, and (b) in a case where it is proposed to include in the orderÑ (i) a requirement that the defendant must remain, for specified periods, at a specified place, or (ii) a provision prohibiting the defendant from entering a specified place or area, the local justice area in which the place or area proposed to be specified is situated. ÒSpecifiedÓ means specified in the sexual risk order or interim sexual risk order under which the electronic monitoring requirement is imposed. (5) A sexual risk order or interim sexual risk order that includes an electronic monitoring requirement must specify the person who is to be responsible for the monitoring. (6) The person specified under subsection (5) (Òthe responsible personÓ) must be of a description specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State. (7) Where a sexual risk order or interim sexual risk order imposes an electronic monitoring requirement on the defendant, the defendant must (among other things)Ñ (a) submit, as required from time to time by the responsible person, toÑ (i) being fitted with, or the installation of, any necessary apparatus, and (ii) the inspection or repair of any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, (b) not interfere with, or with the working of, any apparatus fitted or installed for the purposes of the monitoring, and (c) take any steps required by the responsible person for the purpose of keeping in working order any apparatus fitted or installed for the purpose of the monitoring. (a) 222 Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 (c. 32) PART 10 Ð Management of offenders CHAPTER 3 Ð Management of sex offenders Document Generated: 2025-01-31 Status: This version of this Act contains provisions that are prospective. Changes to legislation: Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 is up to date with all changes known to be in force on or before 31 January 2025. There are changes that