ensure that no doubt is cast on the integrity of the individual or Wiltshire Police. 2. EXPLANATION OF AN ASSOCIATION REQUIRING DECLARATION Only associations where you have a personal relationship with an individual or group require declaration. This would include a person you are related to, a person you would regard as a friend or someone you have planned social meetings with on a regular basis. It should be noted that an association need not necessarily involve face to face meetings. A personal relationship where contact is made using the internet (online) or telephony system in the form of conversation, written messages and/or pictures (whether moving or still images) will still constitute an association. An association does not include a chance meeting. This is defined as an unplanned meeting with an acquaintance who you will only acknowledge, albeit this may be a regular occurrence. An association also does not include individuals with whom the officer or staff member has a purely professional, on duty relationship; or personal relationships with other serving members of the Police Service. Table of Contents 3. CRITERIA FOR AN ASSOCIATION REQUIRING DECLARATION You MUST report an association with an individual or group where you know or reasonably believe that the person(s) concerned fall into the following categories; • Known to have a criminal conviction(s) (Non recordable offences Ð for example: speeding, do not apply). • Charged with a criminal offence and subject of a current prosecution. • Known to be subject to a criminal investigation, whether arrested or not but not yet charged. • Subject of criminal intelligence or subject of an interest marker. • Have been dismissed following disciplinary proceedings or required to resign from a police service or other law enforcement agency. The obligation under this category does not apply to representatives of Staff Associations who have contact with the dismissed person as a legitimate part of their role as a Staff Representative. • Former police officers or other law enforcement officers who are working in a related field of employment outside the organization or other law enforcement agency: for instance a former Police employee who has resigned or retired from the Police Service and obtained a position within a law firm. • Private investigators, regardless of any specialism or whether they are licenced and/or registered. This includes individuals or groups acting as vigilantes (claiming to act in the public interest for no monetary gain), for instance an OCAG (Online Child Sexual Abuse Activist Group). • Personal relationships with representatives or other employees of any legal firm or independent legal representatives, regardless of specialism in civil or criminal law. • Personal relationships with media representatives, with the exception of media contact that can be reasonably be expected as a normal part of your job description. • Intimate relationships with any members of the public where contact was established for a policing purpose or on police business (even where the contact for a policing purpose has now ceased). This would include situations where a member