you generate a considerable quantity of combustible waste material then you may need to develop a formal plan to manage this effectively. In higher risk areas you need to make sure arrangements are in place for close down, e.g. checking all appliances are turned off and combustible waste has been removed. Figure 13: Bins under stairway (courtesy of Cheshire fire and rescue service) 1.2 Storage Many of the materials found in your premises will be combustible. If your premises have inadequate or poorly managed storage areas then the risk of fire is likely to be increased (Figure 14). The more combustible materials you store the greater the source of fuel for a fire. Poorly arranged storage could prevent equipment such as sprinklers working effectively. Combustible materials are not just those generally regarded as highly combustible, such as polystyrene, but all materials that will readily catch fire. However, by carefully considering the type of material, the quantities kept and the storage arrangements, the risks can be significantly reduced. Figure 14: An example of poor storage In offices, the retention of large quantities of paper records, especially if not filed away in proprietary cabinets, can increase the fire hazard. Such readily available flammable material makes the potential effect of arson more serious. Many shops will take great care to present an efficient and attractive image in the retail area, while other areas are neglected and allowed to become over-stocked or dumping areas for unsold material. To reduce the risk, store excess materials and stock in a dedicated storage area, storeroom or cupboard. Do not store excess stock in areas where the public would normally have access. Do not pile combustible material against electrical equipment or heaters, even if turned off for the summer, and do not allow smoking in areas where combustible materials are stored. Consider how stock is displayed in shops and evaluate any additional risk of fire that it generates. For example, rugs stacked on the floor on top of each other would not present a high fire risk, but rolls of carpet stored vertically up against a wall or hung on displays present a vertical surface for fire to spread rapidly upwards. The display of large quantities of clothing on vertical hangers is also likely to increase the risk of rapid fire development. Your fire risk assessment should also consider any additional risk generated by seasonal products such as fireworks and Christmas decorations. Consider the following to reduce these risks: • ensure storage and display areas are adequately controlled and monitored; • use fire-resistant display materials wherever possible (suppliers should be able to provide evidence of this); and • ensure electrical lighting used as part of the display does not become a potential source of ignition. Voids Voids (including roof voids) should not be used for the storage of combustible material. Such voids should be sealed off or kept entirely open to allow for easy access for inspection and the removal of combustible materials. Combustible waste and packaging Delivery