account. The Building Safety Act 2022 received royal assent on the 28th April 2022. The Building Safety Act introduces changes to building control that will affect all buildings, strengthens the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order, provides new accountability and duties and introduces competency standards and provisions to strengthen the construction products regulations. 2. Roles and Responsibilities 2.1 Responsible Person The Responsible Person(s) have been identified as the OPCC Chief Executive and Chief Constable who own a number of responsibilities including: • Ensure general fire precautions as will ensure, so far as is reasonably practicable, the safety of all employees and others affected by our undertakings. • Make a suitable and sufficient assessment of the risk to which relevant persons are exposed for the purpose of identifying the general fire precautions required to comply with the requirements and prohibitions of the Order. • Must provide employees with comprehensive and relevant information on the risks identified by the risk assessment, including the preventative and proactive measures. • Must ensure the employer of any persons from outside our undertakings is also provided with comprehensive and relevant information and the risks to those employee and the preventative and protective measures taken by the Force. • Must ensure that all employees are provided with adequate safety training at the time they are first employed and on their being exposed to new or increased risks as defined by the Order. Where two or more responsible persons share or have duties in respect of premises each person must cooperate with the other responsible person to enable them to comply with the requirements and prohibitions of the Order. They must also ensure that reasonable steps are taken to inform the other responsible person concerned of any risks arising from our work activities. Refer to Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005 for a full list of responsibilities. 2.2 Competent Person The Responsible Person has appointed the Head of Health and Safety and Head of Facilities and Supplies as ÒCompetent PersonsÓ under the Order. The competent persons are responsible for assisting the responsible person in undertaking preventative and protective measures. It is the responsibility of the competent person to ensure that they have sufficient training, knowledge and experiences and other qualities to enable them to fulfill their responsibilities. 2.3 Inspectors/managers in charge of stations/person with overall responsibility for the building Have the following responsibilities: • Overall responsibility for fire safety within their station/building/department. • To ensure the fire logbook is updated and maintained effectively. • To ensure any requirements resulting from the fire risk assessment and building inspections are actioned by the relevant departments / persons within the stated time scales. • To establish and maintain the Local Fire Evacuation Plan. • Publish the local evacuation plan and ensure all staff, new starters, visitors and contractors are made aware of the local arrangements via the Station / Department local emergency plan. 2.4 Communication Control Centre (CCC) In the case of Wiltshire Police Command and Control Centre, it is the responsibility