might cause offence or give reason for a member of the public to the doubt professionalism of the individual. This includes words, letters, symbols or pictures that might cause offence to individuals or our diverse communities. Uniformed officers and staff may wear wrist watches, plain rings, small tie pins. The wearing of registered charity pins and bracelets is limited to one item being worn at a time and this should not be worn in place of any police apparel. Bracelets, and necklaces other than those worn for medical reasons or diversity needs should not be visible. All items of jewellery are worn at the individuals own risk and the wearing of expensive items of jewellery is discouraged in the course of duty. Claims for any damage to a wristwatch, or fitness and activity tracker, no matter how expensive, will only be supported on presentation of the damaged item and/or a receipt up to a maximum of £200. Uniformed officers and staff may wear stud earrings whilst on duty. Managers and Supervisory officers will decide what is acceptable. Except for earrings, no visible body piercing jewellery may be worn at work other than for diversity needs where it is considered that there is no significant risk to the individualÕs health and safety. Non visible body piercing is worn at the individuals own risk but is discouraged by Wiltshire Police. The individual is responsible for a self assessment of the risk associated with non visible body piercing which may become caught, detached or impaled into the body causing injury. Spacers worn by officers and staff who are public facing should be capped whilst on duty. Non uniformed officers and staff may wear jewellery which projects a smart and professional image. Jewellery which is considered excessive or unprofessional will be challenged. The wearing of the symbolic Kirpan can be worn for diversity needs at the individuals own risk but must always be concealed from view under clothing on a chain around the neck or in a small holster. Accessories and Equipment When on operational duty, all uniform police officers will be responsible for ensuring that they have with them the following items: ? Baton ? Handcuffs ? Incapacitant Spray ? Leg Restraints ? Face Mask ? Access to a working torch during the hours of darkness ? Items of uniform and equipment that will allow them to perform their duties and respond to any standing or dynamic risk assessment All equipment must be carried in the pouches provided. Only authorised items may be worn/used and carried using the Utility Belt or Utility Vest. Individuals who carry their personally owned multi-media devices, e.g. mobile phones or I-pods, do so at their own risk. The Force will not reimburse for loss or damage. These items should not be used in public view and media items should not be used to stream live broadcasted performances requiring a TV licence on a police site under any circumstances. Ring tones and alerts must not be loud, distasteful or