Williams. All queries regarding this policy should be directed to Stop and Search Tactical Lead or the Force Policy Officer. DOCUMENT ADMINISTRATION Ownership Department Responsible: Operations - County Policy Owner/Author: Supt. Liz COLES / Ps 1909 Paul Harvey Technical Author: Andrew IRVING / Insp. James WILLIAMS Senior Officer/Manager Sponsor: ACC Local Policing and Partnerships Revision History Revision Date Version Summary of Changes 31.07.2019 6.0 Minor amendment to BWV section re commencing recording and directing the camera when conducting intimate searches. 25.10.2022 7.0 Authorisation level and initial timescale for s60 searches changed to Inspector and 24 hours in line with Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 and Home Office change to the Best Use of Stop and Search Scheme. Approvals This document requires the following approvals: Name & Title Date of Approval Version Continuous Improvement Team 25.10.2022 7.0 ACC Dave MINTY 15.06.2022 6.4 Insp James WILLIAMS (Tactical Lead) 24.10.2022 7.0 JNCC (Not required for all policies) N/A N/A Distribution This document has been distributed via: Name & Title Date of Issue Version E-Brief Email to relevant affected Staff/Officers Equality Impact Assessment Consultation List below who you have consulted with on this policy (incl. committees, groups, etc): Name & Title Date Consulted Version Insp. James WILLIAMS, 06.06.2022 / 6.2 24.10.2022 6.4 Pc. Thomas NEWMAN 06.06.2022 6.2 Implications of the Policy Training Requirements Full review of training requirements is underway in the light of HMIC inspection and national thematic report on stop and search. A Stop Search Portal Page is accessible through internal Wiltshire Police systems which contain guidance for officers and supervisors and links to further reading and policy. IT Infrastructure No major changes due to IST limitations at present Ð plan to remove recording from standalone database to Niche and to utilise the new mobile solution. Template v8 WILTSHIRE POLICE FORCE POLICY Student Learner Safeguarding Date of Publication: April 2022 Version: 2.0 Next Review Date: April 2023 POLICY STATEMENT The purpose of this policy is to set out the Wiltshire Police position on safeguarding student learners and apprentices and to inform everyone connected with the Force, and with whom it subcontracts or collaborates, of Force agreed policy with regard to the safeguarding of all individuals involved within the learning environment. All staff, officers, apprentices, learners and volunteers at Wiltshire Police have a duty under the guidance and legislation to identify anyone who may be at risk of experiencing harm or abuse at work, home, through online networks or in relationships and take appropriate action to ensure their safety. All individuals have a duty to act to ensure the welfare of those within the learning environment is paramount. Where it is known, or suspected, that an individual is experiencing safeguarding issues, this should immediately be reported to one of the below named designated Safeguarding Leads. All individuals within the learning environment have a personal and professional responsibility to ensure they understand safeguarding requirements and the processes to follow if they become aware of a safeguarding issue. Individuals will be treated sensitively