its health, if he or she went to bed under the influence of drink. Section 66 amendments 50. Section 66 clarifies, updates and modernises some of the language of, section 1 of the 1933 Act. The effect of the changes made by section 66 are to: 1. (a) make it absolutely clear Ð by substituting for the current list of examples of relevant harm (which includes the outdated term Òmental derangementÓ) the words Òwhether the suffering or injury is of a physical or psychological natureÓ Ð that cruelty which causes psychological or physical suffering or injury is covered under section 1 of the 1933 Act; (b) make it absolutely clear that the behaviour necessary to establish the ill- treatment limb of the offence can be non-physical (for example a sustained course of non-physical conduct, including, for instance, isolation, humiliation or bullying, if it is likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury to health); (c) replace the outdated reference to ãmisdemeanour? with ãoffence?; and (d) amend section 1(2)(b) (see paragraph 49 above) so that: a. a person is also deemed to have neglected a child in the relevant manner where the person concerned is under the influence of ãprohibited drugs?; b. it is clear that the provision applies where the person comes under the influence of the substance in question at any time before the suffocation occurs; and c. it applies irrespective of where the adult and child were sleeping (for example if they were asleep on a sofa). Amendments to sections 47 to 51 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 51. Section 68(1) to (6) amends the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (Òthe 2003 ActÓ) to remove references to child prostitution and child pornography. These terms are referred to in the titles of sections 48 (causing or inciting child prostitution or pornography), 49 (controlling a child prostitute or a child involved in pornography) and 50 (arranging or facilitating child prostitution or pornography) of the 2003 Act, and in the body of those sections (and also in section 51, which contains definitions). The amendments to those sections replace these terms with references to the sexual exploitation of children, but do not alter the scope of the relevant offences. The changes to the terminology used are intended to reflect a modern understanding of the position of children involved in such activities. They 1. do not however change the behaviour to which the offences apply, which remains the recording of an indecent image of a person or the offer or provision of sexual services to another person in return for payment or a promise of payment. Amendment to section 1 of the Street Offences Act 1959 52. Section 1 of the Street Offences Act 1959 (Òthe 1959 ActÓ) makes it an offence for a common prostitute to loiter or solicit in a street or public place for the purpose of prostitution. The offence currently applies to both adults and children and young persons aged 10 years or over. 53. Section 68(7) amends section 1