practicable for the subject of the account monitoring order to comply with this time limit. I t i s best practice to contact the subject of the account monitoring order (i.e. the relevant financial institution) before the application is made to discuss types of transaction and the reporting process. 140. Appropriate officers should consider the time period they wish the account monitoring order to cover. The appropriate officer should not treat the 90 day maximum as the standard time limit. They should carefully consider and justify to the judge the requirement for the time period requested. 1. Particular action to be taken executing an account monitoring order 141. When an account monitoring order is served on a financial institution, the covering letter, in addition to the matters specified in paragraph 36 should include the following (unless it is already included in the order): • the name of the financial institution; • the identity of the person(s) who hold the account to be monitored, including as much identity information as is known by the appropriate officer; • the accounts in relation to which the information is required, whether this is a specific account or a general description of accounts; • the account information required (in as specific detail as possible, for example, a general description of the nature of the transactions); • the period for which the account monitoring order will have effect; • the period of time within which such information must be provided to the appropriate officer (e.g. within 24 hours of a particular transaction taking place); • the manner in which such information must be provided; • such other information as the appropriate officer considers would assist the respondent in complying with the requirements of the account monitoring order; and • the financial institutionÕs right not to have information furnished used in evidence against it in criminal proceedings other than in the circumstances specified in section 372(2). Particular record of proceedings under an account monitoring order 142. The appropriate officer should keep a record of all the account information supplied in response to the order and a copy of the actual order and notices. 1. Disclosure Orders in Civil Recovery and Confiscation Investigations 143. Persons to whom this part of the Code applies should familiarise themselves with the introduction section which sets out general instructions relating to all the orders and warrants. Definition 144. A disclosure order under section 357 is an order authorising an appropriate officer to give notice in writing to any person requiring him or her to answer questions, to provide information or to produce documents with respect to any matter relevant to the investigation in relation to which the order is sought. This Code does not provide guidance on the use of disclosure notices under any other legislation. 145. Once a disclosure order has been made, the appropriate officer may use the powers set out in section 357(4) throughout the investigation. Thus, unlike the other orders which have to be applied for separately on