used its formal enforcement powers infrequently for breaches of the consumer standards. Often the threat of taking action is sufficient to drive change without needing to take formal action. 67. Removal of the Ôserious detriment testÕ, combined with a more proactive approach to consumer regulation, will remove barriers to the regulator making full use of its monitoring, investigation and enforcement powers. We will go further and also legislate to: • Enable the Regulator of Social Housing to require a Performance Improvement Plan for landlords who fail to comply with a consumer standard. This approach will enable tenants to be aware of what action their landlords will carry out and when, and challenge the landlord if it fails to meet these requirements. • Reduce the notice period that the Regulator of Social Housing must give a landlord to survey the condition of properties from 28 days to 2 days. The regulator is most likely to use this power in emergency situations when investigating whether tenants are living in unacceptable or unsafe conditions. Reducing the period of notice aligns with the emphasis on protecting tenants, and will enable the regulator to assess properties more quickly and take decisive action if required. 40 The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper • Enable the Regulator of Social Housing, following completion of a survey, to arrange repairs of dwellings in an emergency where there is clear systemic failure by the landlord. We will also legislate so the regulator can recoup the costs from the landlord. This will allow swift action, where other regulatory interventions have not addressed the problem, in the unacceptable situation where tenants are forced to live with the consequences of significant and unwarranted delays to emergency repairs. • Remove the requirement for the Regulator of Social Housing to seek approval from the Secretary of State before employing its own staff to carry out inspections for breaches of the consumer standards. This is unnecessarily bureaucratic and should be removed in light of changes to consumer regulation set out in this White Paper. • Remove the cap on the level of fines the Regulator of Social Housing is able to issue. This will give greater flexibility to determine the appropriate sanction depending on the circumstances, and bring the regulatorÕs power more into line with other regulatory bodies (such as those in the finance or environment sectors).19 ÒWe want to see a transformed consumer regulatory regime which holds landlords to account in maintaining good quality homes and services, prioritising safety, treating tenants respectfully and being transparent with information.Ó 19 For example, please see under the Regulatory and Enforcement Sanctions Act 2008, the Environment Agency and Financial Conduct Authority have powers to issue a variable penalty fine https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/environment-agency-enforcement-and-sanctions-policy/ environment-agency-enforcement-and-sanctions-policy The Charter for Social Housing Residents Ð Social Housing White Paper 41 Local Authorities, Arms Length Management Organisations and Tenant Management Organisations will also be held to account 68. Social tenants should receive the same level of service, regardless of who their landlord